<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1078271_0001564590-16-027054_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9488324</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>859889</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>292241</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2548448</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2882854</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1835693</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027054.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102172604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXTREME NETWORKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001078271
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				770430270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25711
		FILM NUMBER:		161969121

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		145 RIO ROBLES
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085792800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		145 RIO ROBLES
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027054.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 extr-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q Q1'17

extr-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
   
 Form 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        
 OR 

For the transition period from                to                
 Commission file number 000-25711 
   
 EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE  

77-0430270  

[State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization]  

[I.R.S Employer 
 Identification No.]  

145 Rio Robles, 
 San Jose, California  

95134  

[Address of principal executive office]  

[Zip Code]  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (408) 579-2800 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 The number of shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, $.001 par value, outstanding at October 26, 2016, was 107,054,250 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
 FORM 10-Q 
 QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September 30, 2016 
 INDEX 

PAGE  

PART I. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited):  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 7  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 22  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 29  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 30  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 32  

Item 1A  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 32  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 46  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 46  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosure    
 
 46  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    
 
 46  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 47  

Signatures    
 
 49  

2 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.   
 
 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation    

 Extreme Networks, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as  Extreme  or  the Company ) is a leader in providing software-driven networking solutions for enterprise customers.  The Company conducts its sales and marketing activities on a worldwide basis through distributors, resellers and the Company s field sales organization. Extreme was incorporated in California in 1996 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1999.  
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Extreme included herein have been prepared under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted under such rules and regulations.  The condensed consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2016 was derived from audited financial statements as of that date but does not include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. These interim financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented and the financial condition of Extreme at September 30, 2016  The results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for fiscal 2017 or any future periods. 
 Fiscal Year 
 The Company uses a fiscal calendar year ending on June 30.  All references herein to "fiscal 2017" or "2017" represent the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017.  All references herein to "fiscal 2016" or "2016" represent the fiscal year ending June 30, 2016. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Extreme and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  
 The Company predominantly uses the United States Dollar as its functional currency.  The functional currency for certain of its foreign subsidiaries is the local currency.  For those subsidiaries that operate in a local currency functional environment, all assets and liabilities are translated to United States Dollars at current month end rates of exchange; and revenue and expenses are translated using the monthly average rate. 
 Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but are not limited to, the accounting for the allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns, determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, estimated selling prices, inventory valuation and purchase commitments, depreciation and amortization, impairment of long-lived assets including goodwill, warranty accruals, restructuring liabilities, measurement of share-based compensation costs and income taxes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

2.   
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

 For a description of significant accounting policies, see Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. There have been no material changes to the Company's significant accounting policies since the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3.   
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
   In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  ( ASU 2016-09 ) which identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions,  
 7 

including the income tax consequences, classification of award  s as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows.  The Company early adopted this standard beginni  ng with its fiscal year 2017. The impact of the adoption had the following impacts:  

In recording share-based compensation expense, the standard allows companies to make a policy election as to whether they will include an estimate of awards expected to be forfeited or whether they will account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company has elected to not include an estimated forfeiture rate in the computation of its share-based compensation expense. This election did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and accordingly no adjustment was made to beginning accumulated deficit to apply the modified retrospective method.     

The standard requires that employee taxes paid when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes be reported as financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  Previously, the Company included these cash flows in financing activities and therefore the adoption of this provision had no impact.      

The new standard requires that the tax effects of share-based compensation be recognized in the income tax provision. Previously, these amounts were recognized in additional paid-in capital.  Given the full valuation allowance against the US deferred tax assets, there will be no impact to the effective tax rate until such time as the valuation allowance may be reversed.     

The standard also requires previously unrecognized excess tax benefits to be recognized on a modified retrospective basis.  Unrecognized tax benefits result when a deduction for stock based compensation does not actually reduce taxes payable.  The Company has recorded $13.5 million and $0.9 million of previously unrecorded deferred tax assets for federal and state net operating losses, respectively, with a corresponding increase to the valuation allowance pursuant to the evidence discussed in Note 9.  The cumulative net impact to accumulated deficit of early adoption of this provision was therefore zero.     

ASU 2016-09 also requires excess tax benefits to be presented as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity on either a retrospective or prospective basis.  The Company has elected to apply this provision of the standard on a prospective basis.     

 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ),  which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  ASU 2015-03 requires retrospective adoption and will be effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015.  This guidance became effective for the Company beginning with its fiscal year 2017.   
 In connection with the Company s adoption of ASU 2015-03 in fiscal 2017, all debt issuance costs have been presented, with the exception of those related to the revolving credit facility, as a reduction of the carrying amount of the related debt liability.  The previously reported balances in the Company s June 30, 2016 Form 10-K for debt issuance costs listed in  Other assets  have been reclassified to  Current portion of long-term debt  in the amount of  $0.2  million and  Long-term debt, less current portion  in the amount of  $0.2  million to conform to the September 30, 2016   presentation .  

4.   
 
 Balance Sheet Accounts    

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The following is a summary of cash and cash equivalents (in thousands): 

The Company considers highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Investments with original maturities of greater than three months, but less than one year at the balance sheet date are classified as short-term investments. 
 8 

Inventory Valuation  
 The Company s inventory balances as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 were $43.4 million and $41.0 million, respectively. The Company values its inventory at lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. The Company has established inventory allowances primarily determined by the age of inventory or when conditions exist that suggest that inventory may be in excess of anticipated demand or is obsolete based upon assumptions about future demand. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. Any written down or obsolete inventory subsequently sold has not had a material impact on gross margin for any of the periods disclosed. 
 The following is a summary of our inventory by category (in thousands): 

Property and Equipment, Net 
 Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands): 

Intangibles 
 The following tables summarize the components of gross and net intangible asset balances (dollars in thousands): 

9 

The following table summarizes the amortization expense of intangibles for the periods presented (in thousands): 

The amortization expense that is recognized in  Cost of revenues: Product  is comprised of amortization for developed technology, license agreements and other intangibles. 
 Goodwill 
 The following table summarizes goodwill for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Other Accrued Liabilities 
 The following are the components of other accrued liabilities (in thousands):  

10 

Deferred Revenue,   Net  
 Deferred revenue, net represents amounts for (i) deferred services revenue (support arrangements, professional services and training), and (ii) deferred product revenue net of the related cost of revenue when the revenue recognition criteria have not been met.  
 The following table summarizes deferred revenue, net (in thousands):  

The Company offers for sale to its customers, renewable support arrangements that range from one to five years. Deferred support revenue is included within deferred revenue, net within the services category above. The change in the Company s deferred support revenue balance in relation to these arrangements was as follows (in thousands): 

Deferred Distributors Revenue, Net of Cost of Sales to Distributors 
 The Company records revenue from its distributors on a sell-through basis, recording deferred revenue and deferred cost of sales associated with all sales transactions to its distributors in  Deferred distributors revenue, net of cost of sales to distributors  in the liability section of its condensed consolidated balance sheets. The amount shown as  Deferred distributors revenue, net of cost of sales to distributors  represents the deferred gross profit on sales to distributors based on contractual pricing. 
 The following table summarizes deferred distributors revenue, net of cost of sales to distributors (in thousands): 

Debt 
 The Company s debt is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

11 

During fiscal 2015, the Company amended its credit agreement which provides for a five-year revolving credit facility for up to $50.0   million (the  Revolving Facility ) and a $65.0 million five-year term loan (the  Term Loan ) and together with the Revolving Facility the ( Senior Secured Credit Facilities, as amended ).   
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities, as amended contains, among others, certain financial covenants that require the Company to maintain defined minimum financial ratios which may limit the Company s availability to borrowings under the Revolving Facility. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $27.1 million of availability under the Revolving Facility. 
 The Company had $1.0 million of outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2016. 
 On October 28, 2016 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto as lenders, and Silicon Valley Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent.  For information with respect to the terms of this agreement refer to Subsequent Events in Note 13 of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Guarantees and Product Warranties    
 Networking products may contain undetected hardware or software errors when new products or new versions or updates of existing products are released to the marketplace. The Company s standard hardware warranty period is typically 12 months from the date of shipment to end-users and 90 days for software. For certain access products, the Company offers a limited lifetime hardware warranty commencing on the date of shipment from the Company and ending five (5) years following the Company s announcement of the end of sale of such product. Upon shipment of products to its customers, the Company estimates expenses for the cost to repair or replace products that may be returned under warranty and accrue a liability in cost of product revenue for this amount. The determination of the Company s warranty requirements is based on actual historical experience with the product or product family, estimates of repair and replacement costs and any product warranty problems that are identified after shipment.  The Company estimates and adjusts these accruals at each balance sheet date in accordance with changes in these factors. 
 Upon issuance of a standard product warranty, the Company discloses and recognizes a liability for the obligations it assumes under the product warranty. The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company s product warranty liability during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

To facilitate sales of its products in the normal course of business, the Company indemnifies its resellers and end-user customers with respect to certain matters. The Company has agreed to hold the customer harmless against losses arising from a breach of intellectual property infringement or other. These agreements may limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. It is not possible to estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Historically, payments made by the Company under these agreements have not had a material impact on its operating results or financial position. 
 Advertising 
 Cooperative advertising expenses are recorded as marketing expenses to the extent that an advertising benefit separate from the revenue transaction can be identified and the cash paid does not exceed the fair value of that advertising benefit received. Cooperative advertising obligations with customers are accrued and the costs expensed at the time the related revenue is recognized. If the Company does not meet the criteria for recognizing such cooperative advertising obligations as marketing expense, the costs are recorded as a reduction of revenue. All other advertising costs are expensed as incurred.  Advertising expenses for three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were immaterial. 
 12 

Concentrations  
 The Company may be subject to concentration of credit risk as a result of certain financial instruments consisting of accounts receivable and short-term investments. The Company does not invest an amount exceeding 10% of its combined cash or cash equivalents in the securities of any one obligor or maker, except for obligations of the United States government, obligations of United States government agencies and money market accounts. 
 The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral in exchange for credit. 
 The following table sets forth major customers accounting for 10% or more of our net revenue: 

*   
 
 Less than 10% of net revenue    

The following customers account for more than 10% of our accounts receivable outstanding as of September 30, 2016, Westcon Group Inc. 17% and Tech Data Corporation 11%.  

5.   
 
 Fair Value Measurements    

 A three-tier fair value hierarchy is utilized to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs - unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;     

Level 2 Inputs - quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; and     

Level 3 Inputs - unobservable inputs reflecting the Company's own assumptions in measuring the asset or liability at fair value.     

 The Company did not hold any financial liabilities that required measurement at fair value on a recurring basis. The following table presents the Company s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

Level 2 investments : The Company does not hold any level 2 investments.  
   
 13 

The Company includes U.S. government and sovereign obligations, most government agency securities, investment-grade corporate bonds, and state, municipal and provincial obligations for which quoted prices are available as Level 2. There were no transfers o  f assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 for the periods presented.  
 The fair value of the borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, as amended is estimated based on valuations provided by alternative pricing sources supported by observable inputs which is considered Level 2. Due to the short duration until maturity of the credit facility, the fair value approximates the carrying amount of the Company s indebtedness of $51.9 million and $55.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. 
 Level 3 investments:  The Company does not hold any level 3 investments.  
 Certain of the Company's assets, including intangible assets and goodwill are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis if impairment is indicated. There were no impairments recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

6. Share-based Compensation  
 Shares reserved for issuance 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had reserved for issuance (in thousands): 

Share-based compensation expense recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements by line item caption is as follows (in thousands): 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not capitalize any share-based compensation expense in inventory, as the amounts were immaterial. 
 Stock Awards 
 Stock awards may be granted under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ) on terms approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Stock awards generally provide for the issuance of restricted stock units (including performance or market-based restricted stock units) which vest over a fixed period of time or based upon the satisfaction of certain performance criteria.  The Company uses the straight-line method for expense attribution, and beginning with fiscal 2017, the Company does not estimate forfeitures. 
 14 

The following table summarizes stock award activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016      (in thousands, except grant date fair value):  

The following table summarizes stock option activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands, except per share and contractual term): 

There were no stock options granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    
 The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the Company s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.00 and $0.99, respectively.  
 The fair value of each stock option grant under the Company's 2013 Plan and 2005 Equity Incentive Plan is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation model with the weighted average assumptions noted in the following table. The Company uses the Monte-Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value and the derived service period of stock awards with market conditions, on the date of the grant. The expected term of options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior. The risk-free rate is based upon the estimated life of the option and the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility on the Company s stock.  
   
 The fair value of each restricted stock award grant with performance criteria ( PSU s ) under the Company's 2013 Plan is estimated on the date of grant using the Monte-Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value and the derived service period of stock awards with market conditions, on the date of the grant.  
   
 On August 1, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Company approved the grant of 680,000 awards of restricted stock units to the Company s Executive Officers, with a grant date of August 15, 2016. Fifty percent (50%) of the restricted stock units granted were in the form of PSUs and fifty percent (50%) of the restricted stock units granted were in the form of service-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ).  The RSUs vest from the original grant date as to one-third (1/3) on the one year anniversary and one-twelfth (1/12) each quarter thereafter,   subject to continued service to the  Company  The   PSUs vest once the Company's stock equals or exceeds $5.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days after January 1, 2017 ("Performance Threshold"). Once the Performance Threshold is satisfied the PSUs shall vest with respect to the number of RSUs that have vested as of the date the Performance Threshold is satisfied and thereafter shall vest on the same schedule as the RSUs, subject to continued service to the Company. If the Performance Threshold is not met by the third anniversary of the grant date the award is terminated for no consideration.  In addition, the Performance Threshold shall be deemed satisfied upon the closing of a Change in Control (within the meaning of the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan) in the event the per share consideration received by the Company s stockholders equals or exceeds $5.00 per share.  
 15 

The fair value of each share purchase option under the Company's ESPP is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation model with the weighted av  erage assumptions noted in the following table. The expected term of the ESPP represents the term of the offering period of each option. The risk-free rate is based upon the estimated life and on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant  . Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility on the Company s stock.  

7.   
 
 Restructuring Charges    

 As of September 30, 2016, restructuring liabilities were $4.1 million and consisted of obligations for estimated future obligations for non-cancelable lease payments for excess facilities.  There were no restructuring charges during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  During the three months ended September 30, 2015 the Company recorded restructuring charges of $5.6 million and abandoned excess facilities primarily in San Jose, California; Salem, New Hampshire; and Shannon, Ireland. The abandoned facilities represented approximately 27% of the floor space in the aggregate at these locations and included general office and warehouse space. Restructuring charges included accrued lease costs pertaining to the estimated future obligations for non-cancelable lease payments for excess facilities of $5.4 million and  accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements in the amount of $1.3 million.    
 Included in the restructuring charges were offsets for future sub-leasing income. The Company has estimated the sub-lease income based on its existing leases agreement, as well the real estate market conditions at the respective locations. The Company also factored into its estimate the time for a sub-lease tenant to enter into an agreement and complete any improvements. The Company will reevaluate any sub-lease income on a regular basis and adjust the accrual as necessary if and when facts should change. 
 Restructuring liabilities consist of (in thousands): 

8.   
 
 Commitments and Contingencies    

 Purchase Commitments 
 The Company currently has arrangements with contract manufacturers and suppliers for the manufacture of its products. Those arrangements allow the contract manufactures to procure long lead-time component inventory based upon a rolling production forecast provided by the Company. The Company is obligated to purchase long lead-time component inventory that its contract manufacturer procures in accordance with the Company s forecast, unless the Company gives notice of order cancellation outside of applicable component lead-times. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had non-cancelable commitments to purchase $70.6 million of such inventory. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company may from time to time be party to litigation arising in the course of its business, including, without limitation, allegations relating to commercial transactions, business relationships or intellectual property rights. Such claims, even if not meritorious, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Litigation in general and intellectual property and securities litigation in particular, can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict.  
 16 

In accordance with applicable acc  ounting guidance, the Company records accruals for certain of its outstanding legal proceedings, investigations or claims when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates, at le  ast on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings, investigations or claims that could affect the amount of any accrual, as well as any developments that would result in a loss contingency to become both probable and reasonably estimable. When a   loss contingency is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not record a loss accrual.  However, if the loss (or an additional loss in excess of any prior accrual) is at least a reasonable possibility and material, then the Company wou  ld disclose an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, if such estimate can be made, or disclose that an estimate cannot be made. The assessment whether a loss is probable or a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is esti  mable, involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Even if a loss is reasonably possible, the Company may not be able to estimate a range of possible loss, particularly where (i) the damages sought are substantial or indeterminate, (ii) the   proceedings are in the early stages, or (iii) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories or a large number of parties. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of such matters, including the amount of a  ny possible loss, fine or penalty.  Accordingly, for current proceedings, except as noted below, the Company is currently unable to estimate any reasonably possible loss or range of possible loss.  However, an adverse resolution of one or more of such matt  ers could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year.   
 Brazilian Tax Assessment Matters                                                                                                                                                    Certain Brazilian tax authorities have made tax assessments against our Brazilian subsidiary, Enterasys Networks do Brazil Ltda., based on an alleged underpayment of taxes.  The tax authorities are also seeking interest and penalties with respect to such claims (collectively, the  ICMS Tax Assessments ).  The State of Sao Paolo, Brazil denied Enterasys Networks do Brazil Ltda. the use of certain tax credits granted by the State of Espirito Santo, Brazil under the terms of the FUNDAP program for the tax years of 2002 through 2009. The Company s application to resolve the ICMS Tax Assessments at the administrative level of the Sao Paolo Tax Department under the amnesty relief program (Reference No 3.056.963-1) was denied in March, 2014, by the Sao Paolo Tax Administration.  All currency conversions in this Legal Proceedings section are as of September 30, 2016.  The value of the ICMS tax credits that were disallowed by the Sao Paolo Tax Administration is BRL 3.4 million (US $1.1 million), plus interest and penalties BRL 17.5 million (US $5.4 million).  Possible court fees are estimated to be BRL 4.2 million (US $1.3 million).  On January 10, 2014, the Company filed a lawsuit to overturn or reduce the ICMS Assessments, which lawsuit remains on-going. As part of this lawsuit, the Company made a request for a stay of execution, so that no tax foreclosure can be filed until a final ruling is made and no guarantee needs to be presented.  On or about October 6, 2014, the preliminary injunction was granted with regard to the stay of execution, and in response to an appeal on the guarantee requirement, the appellate court further ruled on or about January 28, 2015 that no cash deposit (or guarantee) need be made by the Company.        
 On or about June 18, 2014, the State of San Paolo notified Enterasys Networks do Brazil Ltda. that it intends to audit the records of such entity for tax years 2012 and 2013.  In addition, the Company received a similar notice in December 2015 with respect to an audit by the State of San Paolo of tax years 2011-2014. The audits are expected to cover the same or very similar issues as the ICMS Tax Assessments for tax years 2002-2009, however, the Company changed its ICMS procedures effective May 2009 and a similar tax assessment is not anticipated.  The Company has provided the requested information for these tax years to the Brazilian tax authorities, but has received no further response from the Brazilian tax authorities.     
 Based on the currently available information, the Company believes the ultimate outcome of the above audits and assessments will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or overall results of operations. The Company believes that the ICMS Tax Assessments against our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit and the Company is defending the claims vigorously. While the Company believes there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserted, it is unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and estimate the potential tax liability related to the ICMS Tax Assessments, if any, may be up to BRL 25.1 million (US $7.8 million).  The Company does not expect a final judicial determination for several years.  The Company believes BRL 9.4 million (US $2.9 million) is the best estimate within the range and has recorded an accrual as of the Acquisition Date of Enterasys Networks as such matter relates to the period before the acquisition.  
 The Company made a demand on April 11, 2014 for a defense from, and indemnification by, the former equity holder of Enterasys Networks ( Seller ) of the ICMS Tax Assessments. Seller agreed to assume the defense of the ICMS Tax Assessments on May 20, 2014. In addition, through the settlement of the Unify Indemnification Suit on June 18, 2015, Seller has agreed to continue to defend the Company with respect to the ICMS Tax Assessments and to indemnify the Company for losses related thereto subject to certain conditions. In addition, the Seller has agreed to indemnify the Company in connection with tax assessments up to a specified cap related to the 2012 and 2013 tax years subject to certain conditions.  These conditions include the offsetting of foreign income tax benefits realized by the Company in the connection with the acquisition of Enterasys.  Based upon current projections of the foreign income tax benefits to be realized, the Company does not anticipate that any amounts under the indemnification will be due from the Seller in connection with either the ICMS Tax Assessments or any potential tax assessments for tax years 2012 and 2013.  
 17 

In re Extreme Networks, Inc. Secur  ities Litigation   
 On October 23 and 29, 2015, complaints were filed for violations of securities laws in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and three of its former officers (Charles W. Berger, Kenneth B. Arola, and John T. Kurtzweil).  Subsequently, the cases were consolidated.  Plaintiffs allege that defendants violated the securities laws by disseminating materially false and misleading statements and concealing material adverse facts regarding Extreme Networks' current financial condition and growth prospects. Plaintiffs seek damages of an unspecified amount on behalf of a class of investors who purchased the Company's common stock from September 12, 2013 through April 9, 2015.  On June 28, 2016, the court appointed a lead plaintiff.  On September 26, 2016, lead plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint, which the defendants will move to dismiss.  The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the claims.  
 On February 18, 2016, a shareholder derivative case was filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County, Shaffer v. Kispert et al., No. 16 CV 291726.  The complaint names current and former officers and members of the Board of Directors as defendants and seeks recovery on behalf of the Company based on substantially the same allegations as the securities class action litigation described above.  The parties have agreed to stay the case pending further activities in the securities class action litigation, and have submitted a stipulation to that effect to the court. 
 Dunti Network Technoligies, LLC v Extreme Networks, Inc. Patent Infringement Suit 
 On September 22, 2016, the Company was served with a patent infringement complaint by Dunti Network Technologies, LLC in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas.  The case is Dunti Network Technologies, LLC v. Extreme Networks, Inc., No. 2:16-cv-01034.  The complaint asserts infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,587,462, 6,788,701, 6,804,235, 6,643,286, and 7,778,259.  The complaint asserts that the Company infringes based on its manufacture, use, sale, and/or offer for sale of the Company s BlackDiamond-X, Summit X670, and Summit X770 series switches.  Dunti seeks damages of an unspecified amount.  The Company s answer to the complaint is presently due November 14, 2016.  The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to defend itself vigorously against the claims.  
 Indemnification Obligations    
 Subject to certain limitations, the Company may be obligated to indemnify its current and former directors, officers and employees. These obligations arise under the terms of its certificate of incorporation, its bylaws, applicable contracts, and Delaware law. The obligation to indemnify, where applicable, generally means that the Company is required to pay or reimburse, and in certain circumstances the Company has paid or reimbursed, the individuals' reasonable legal expenses and possibly damages and other liabilities incurred in connection with these matters. It is not possible to estimate the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the limited history of these claims. The cost to defend the Company and the named individuals could have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the future. Recovery of such costs under its director and officers  insurance coverage is uncertain. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding indemnification claims. 

9.   
 
 Income Taxes    

 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $0.9 million.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $0.9 million. 
 The income tax provisions for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, consisted primarily of taxes on the income of the Company s foreign subsidiaries as well as tax expense associated with the establishment of a U.S. deferred tax liability for amortizable goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Enterasys Networks, Inc.  The income tax provisions for both fiscal years were calculated based on the actual results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and therefore may not reflect the annual effective tax rate. 
 The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against all of its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as well as the deferred tax assets in Australia, Brazil and Japan. A valuation allowance is determined by assessing both negative and positive evidence to determine whether it is  more likely than not  that the deferred tax assets are recoverable; such assessment is required on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.  The Company's inconsistent earnings in recent periods, including a cumulative loss over the last three years, coupled with its difficulty in forecasting future revenue trends as well as the cyclical nature of its business represent sufficient negative evidence to require a full valuation allowance against its U.S. federal and state net deferred tax assets as well as the above mentioned foreign jurisdictions.  This valuation allowance will be evaluated periodically and can be reversed partially or in whole if business results and the economic environment have sufficiently improved to support realization of some or all of the Company's deferred tax assets. 
 18 

On   December 18, 2015, the   Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes ( PATH ) Act of 2015  , became effective which includes a provision making permanent the R D tax cre  dit under Section 41 of the Code.  This credit previously expired on December 31, 2014.  This change has been reflected in the Company s tax credit carryforwards with an offsetting adjustment to its U.S. valuation allowance.  
 The acquisition of Enterasys included a U.S. parent company as well as its wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. The Company has elected to treat this stock acquisition as an asset purchase by filing the required election forms under IRC Sec 338(h)(10).  The Company has estimated the value of the intangible assets from this transaction and is amortizing the amount over 15 years for tax purposes.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company deducted $1.1 million of tax amortization expense for each period related to capitalized goodwill. As of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability of $4.9 million related to this amortization which is not considered a future source of taxable income in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. 
 The Company had $11.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016.  The future impact of the unrecognized tax benefit of $11.7 million, if recognized, would result in adjustments to deferred tax assets and corresponding adjustments to the valuation allowance. The Company does not anticipate any events to occur during the next twelve months that would reduce the unrealized tax benefit as currently stated in the Company s balance sheet. 
 The Company s policy is to accrue interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of tax expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 In general, the Company's U.S. federal income tax returns are subject to examination by tax authorities for fiscal years 2001 forward due to net operating losses and the Company's state income tax returns are subject to examination for fiscal years 2000 forward due to net operating losses. 

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive earnings per share is calculated by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares used in the basic earnings per share calculation plus the dilutive effect of shares subject to repurchase, options, warrants and unvested restricted stock units. 
 The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share data):  

The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share of common stock for the periods presented as their effect would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

11. Foreign  Exchange Forward Contracts 
 At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not have any forward foreign currency contracts. 
 Foreign currency transaction gains and losses from operations was a loss of $0.2 million and a gain of $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

12.   
 
 Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Geographic Areas    

   The Company operates in one segment, the development and marketing of network infrastructure equipment. The Company conducts business globally and is managed geographically. Revenue is attributed to a geographical area based on the location of its customers. The Company operates in three geographical areas: Americas, which includes the United States, Canada, Mexico, Central  
 19 

America and South   America; EMEA, which includes Europe, Russia, Middle East and Africa; and APAC which includes Asia Pacific, South Asia, India, Australia and Japan.  
 The Company attributes revenues to geographic regions primarily based on the customer's ship-to location. Information regarding geographic areas is as follows (in thousands): 

13. Subsequent Events  
   
 On September 13, 2016, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase ) with Zebra Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation ( Zebra ), to purchase Zebra s wireless LAN business (the  Business ).  Under the terms of the Purchase, the Company acquired customers, employees, technology and other assets of the Business, as well as assumed certain contracts and other liabilities of the Business, for a cash purchase price of approximately $55.0 million, subject to certain adjustments related to net working capital and deferred revenue of the Business on October 28, 2016 (the  Closing ).  Pursuant to certain ancillary agreements, Zebra will also provide the Company with access to certain technology related to the Business, as well as transition services for a period of time following the Closing.   
 The acquisition will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting whereby the acquired assets and liabilities of the Business will be recorded at their respective fair values and added to those of the Company including an amount for goodwill representing the difference between the acquisition consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net assets.  Results of operations of the Business will be included in the operations of the Company beginning with the Closing.  
 The Company expects to include a preliminary determination of the acquisition consideration and detail of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the quarter ending December 31, 2016.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized transaction costs of $2.3 million which is included in  Acquisition and integration costs  in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
  Borrowing Facility  
   Commensurate with the Closing, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Silicon Valley Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Cadence Bank, N.A., and Comerica Bank (collectively, the  Lenders ).  The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year $90.5 million term loan and a five-year $50.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $5.0 million swing line loan sub facility and a $10.0 million letter of credit sub facility.  The Credit Agreement among other things, amends and restates the Company s existing credit facility.  At the Closing, the Company incurred $100.5 million of indebtedness to pay off existing debt and to finance the acquisition of the Business.  Borrowings under the term loan bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either the LIBOR rate (subject to a 0.0% LIBOR floor), plus an applicable margin (currently 3.25% per annum based on a stated consolidated leverage ratio) or the adjusted base rate, plus an  
 20 

applicable margin (currently 1.25% per annum based on our consolidated leverage ratio).  Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to either the LIBOR rate (subject to a 0.0% LIBOR floor)  , plus an applicable margin (currently 3.25% per annum based on a stated consolidated leverage ratio) or the prime lending rate, plus an applicable margin (currently 1.25% per annum based on a stated consolidated leverage ratio).  The revolving credit faci  lity has a commitment fee payable on the undrawn amount ranging from 0.375% to 0.50% per annum based upon a stated consolidated leverage ratio.  The Credit Agreement is collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company.   

21 

Item 2. Management s Dis    cussion and Analysis o  f Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the following sections, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including in particular, our expectations regarding market demands, customer requirements and the general economic environment, future results of operations, and other statements that include words such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   plan,   intend,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   continue  and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. We caution investors that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors identified in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2016, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, and other filings we have made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risk factors, include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for our products and services; a highly competitive business environment for network switching equipment; our effectiveness in controlling expenses; the possibility that we might experience delays in the development or introduction of new technology and products; customer response to our new technology and products; the timing of any recovery in the global economy; risks related to pending or future litigation; a dependency on third parties for certain components and for the manufacturing of our products and our ability to receive the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of the Zebra Business. 
 Business Overview 
   
 We believe that understanding the following key developments is helpful to an understanding of our operating results for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. 
 Extreme Networks, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as  Extreme  and as  we ,  us  and  our ) is a leader in providing software-driven networking solutions for enterprise customers. Providing a combined end-to-end solution from the data center to the access point, Extreme designs, develops and manufactures wired and wireless network infrastructure equipment and develops the software for network management, policy, analytics, security and access controls. We strive to help our customers and partners Connect Beyond the Network TM  by building world-class software and network infrastructure solutions that solve the wide range of problems faced by information technology ( IT ) departments.  
 The Internet of Things ( IoT ) and the evolution of the cloud have made reliable and secure Internet connections increasingly critical to business success.  In this time of rapid changes and market shifts, delivering a focused value proposition based on automation, simplicity, high quality solutions and world class customer support is vitally important. As the volume and the demands of users, applications, data and devices on networks continue to increase, Extreme stands ready to help our customers address the ever-evolving demands of the business.  
 Industry Developments 
 The networking industry appears to be invigorated by a wave of technological change:  

Ethernet (wired and wireless) has solidified its role in both public and private networks through its scalability, adaptability and cost-effectiveness.   At the same time, the enterprises and service providers expect the technology to follow a price-performance curve that mandates continued innovation by Ethernet vendors.      

The mobile workforce has proliferated.   Employees expect high-quality and secure access to corporate resources in a Bring Your Own Device ("BYOD") world across a diversity of endpoints such as laptops, tablets, smart phones and wearables, whether they are within the corporate firewall or on-the-go.  IT departments focus their investment decisions on this mobile workforce, taking a unified view of wireless access, the campus core and the data center.  Networking vendors offer end-to-end solutions that permit IT managers to meet employee expectations and to maximize IT return on investment.      

Growing usage of the cloud.   Deployment of server virtualization is influencing data center architecture.  Enterprises have migrated increasing numbers of applications and services to either private clouds or public clouds offered by third parties.  In either case, the network infrastructure must adapt to this new dynamic environment.  Intelligence and automation are key if enterprises are to derive maximum benefit from their cloud deployments. Ethernet speeds, scaling from 10 Gigabits per second ("G") to 40G and even 100G, provide the infrastructure for both private and public clouds. In addition, there is growing interest in SDN approaches that may include technologies such as OpenFlow, OpenStack, and CloudStack for increased network agility.      

Vendor Consolidation.   We believe consolidation of vendors within the Ethernet networking market and between adjacent markets (storage, security, wireless   voice software and applications) continues to gain momentum. In 2015, the Hewlett-Packard Company ( HP ) acquired Aruba, the Dell, Inc. acquisition of EMC closed in September 2016 and Brocade      

 22 

Communication Systems acquired Ruckus in May 2016.  We believe these acquisitions reflect a realization that customers want end-to-end, integrated networking solutions.  Extreme identified this trend in 2  013 and sought to address the issue with its acquisition of Enterasys in 2013. Since that time, Extreme has rationalized the roadmap and provided an upgrade path for customers.       

 We seek to differentiate ourselves in the market by delivering a value proposition based on a software-driven approach to network management, control and analytics.  
 Our key points of differentiation include:    

End-to-end, wired and wireless solutions  .  Extreme offers a complete, unified portfolio of software-driven network access technology.  We offer the latest in wireless access points for both outdoor and indoor use plus a complete line of switches to cover the campus, right up to and including the data center.           

Multi-vendor management from a  single pane of glass .    Extreme offers a single unified management system that is designed to provide visibility and control across the entire network.  This can make the network easier to manage and troubleshoot, often with lower operating expenses.  Our software can also manage many other vendors  network devices, enabling our customers to potentially maximize device lifespan.      

Software-driven vertical solutions.   We design our software-driven solutions to be easily adaptable to vertical solutions in industries such as, healthcare, education, manufacturing, government and hospitality and to be well-suited for vertical-specific partners.      

Application-aware Quality of Service ( QoS ) and analytics  . Extreme has innovative analytic software that enables our customers to see application usage across the network and apply policies that maximize network capabilities.   This allows our customers to improve the user experience.      

Built-in identity and access control.    We design our network access control and identity management with the wired and wireless hardware. This may reduce the need to add on expensive software or hardware that may require complex compatibility testing.      

EZ policy assignment and software-defined networking ( SDN ).    ExtremeControl and ExtremeManagement software allow our customers to assign policy across the entire network.  The SDN component adds versatility for implementing policies that increase network utilization.      

100% in-sourced tech support.    Extreme delivers best in class customer support in the industry with 92% first call resolution through a 100% in-sourced support model.      

 Extreme sells products primarily through an ecosystem of channel partners which combine our Ethernet, wireless and management and software analytics products with their vertical-specific offerings to create IT solutions for end user customers.  
 Acquisition 
 On October 28, 2016, we closed the purchase of the wireless LAN business (the  Business ) of  Zebra Technologies Corporation, or Zebra, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the  Purchase Agreement ).  Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we acquired customers, employees, technology and other assets of the Business, as well as assumed certain contracts and other liabilities of the Business, for a cash purchase price of approximately $55.0 million, subject to certain adjustments related to net working capital and deferred revenue of the Business on October 28, 2016 (the  Closing ).  
 The acquisition will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting whereby the acquired assets and liabilities of the Business will be recorded at their respective fair values and added to those of ours including an amount for goodwill representing the difference between the acquisition consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net assets.  Results of operations of the Business will be included in our operations beginning with the Closing.  
 We expect to include a preliminary determination of the acquisition consideration and detail of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the quarter ending December 31, 2016.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized transaction costs of $2.3 million which is included in  Acquisition and integration costs  in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
   
 23 

Borrowing Facility  
   
 In connection with the Closing, we entered into an Amended and Restated  Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Silicon Valley Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Cadence Bank, N.A., and Comerica Bank (collectively, the  Lenders ).  The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year $90.5 million term loan and a five-year $50.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $5.0 million swing line loan sub facility and a $10.0 million letter of credit sub facility.  The Credit Agreement among other things, amends and restates our existing credit facility.  On October 28, 2016, we incurred $100.5 million of indebtedness to pay off existing debt and to finance the acquisition of the Business from Zebra.  Borrowings under the term loan bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either the LIBOR rate (subject to a 0.0% LIBOR floor), plus an applicable margin (currently 3.25% per annum based on a stated consolidated leverage ratio) or the adjusted base rate, plus an applicable margin (currently 1.25% per annum based on our consolidated leverage ratio).  Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either the LIBOR rate (subject to a 0.0% LIBOR floor), plus an applicable margin (currently 3.25% per annum based on a stated consolidated leverage ratio) or the prime lending rate, plus an applicable margin (currently 1.25% per annum based on a stated consolidated leverage ratio).  The revolving credit facility has a commitment fee payable on the undrawn amount ranging from 0.375% to 0.50% per annum based upon a stated consolidated leverage ratio.  The Credit Agreement is collateralized by substantially all of our assets.  
   
 Results of Operations 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we achieved the following results: 

Total gross margin of 53% of net revenues compared to 52% of net revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.      

Net Revenues 
 The following table presents net product and service revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Product revenues decreased by $1.3 million or 1.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016.  The decrease in product revenues during the quarter reflects lower sales in the United States, primarily in the education sector, which was partially offset with higher demand in EMEA, as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016.   
 Service revenues decreased $0.7 million or 2.1% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016.  Service revenues declined $0.7 million due to lower maintenance revenues partially offset by higher professional services and lower purchase accounting charges related to deferred service revenues of $0.1 million in first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to $0.2 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 24 

The following table presents the product and service, gross profit and the respective gross profit percentages for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):  

Product gross profit increased $0.8 million or 1.7% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2016.  Gross profit increased during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 due to reduced product discounting, lower warranty charges of $1.3 million and material product costs offset by lower revenues. 
 Service gross profit decreased $0.6 million or 2.7% to $20.1 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 from $20.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  The decrease was primarily due to lower service revenues of $0.7 million as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following table presents operating expenses (dollars in thousands): 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, consultant fees and prototype expenses related to the design, development, and testing of our products. 
 Research and development expenses decreased by $2.0 million, or 9.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016. The decrease in research and development expenses was due to lower personnel costs of $1.3 million and lower equipment depreciation and software license costs of $0.9 million.   
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist of salaries, commissions and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and sales functions, as well as trade shows and promotional expenses. 
 25 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.9 million or 2  .5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016.  The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to higher promotional costs of $0.5 million, increases in personnel costs (which inclu  des benefits and stock based compensation) of $0.3 million and facility expense of $0.1 million.     
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel costs, legal and professional service costs, share-based compensation, travel and facilities and information technology costs. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.9 million or 9.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016.  The decrease in general and administrative expenses was due to lower personnel costs of $0.4 million, lower facility costs of $0.2 million, reduced professional fees of $0.2 million and a $0.2 million reduction of the provision for doubtful accounts as compared to the corresponding period of 2016. 
 Acquisition and Integration Costs 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $2.3 million of acquisition costs consisting primarily of legal and accounting services associated with the acquisition of Zebra s Business.   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded $0.3 million of integration costs primarily for IT and sales integration costs associated with the acquisition of Enterasys. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded zero and $5.6 million in restructuring charges, respectively, primarily for excess facilities, net of future sub-lease income.  
 During fiscal 2016, we continued our initiative begun in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 to realign our operations by abandoning excess facilities, primarily in San Jose California; Salem, New Hampshire; and Shannon, Ireland. The abandoned facilities represented approximately 27% of our original total space, and included general office and warehouse space.  Restructuring charges during fiscal 2016 included accrued lease costs pertaining to the estimated future obligations for non-cancelable lease payments for excess facilities of $5.4 million as well as accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements in the amount of $1.3 million. 
 Amortization of Intangibles 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $4.1 million and $4.5 million, respectively of amortization expense recorded in operating expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Interest Expense 
           During the three months ended September 30, 2016 we recorded $0.6 million and $0.8 million, respectively, in interest expense primarily in connection with our Senior Secured Credit Facilities.  Our interest expense will increase in future periods due to the Senior Secured Credit Facility, as Amended.  
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we recorded expense of $0.2 million and income of $1.0 million, respectively, in other income (expense), net. The reduction was primarily due to foreign exchange losses from the revaluation of certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies into U.S. Dollars. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded an income tax provision of $0.9 million and $0.9 million, respectively. 
 The income tax provisions for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted primarily of taxes on the income of our foreign subsidiaries as well as tax expense associated with the establishment of a U.S. deferred tax liability for amortizable goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Enterasys. 
 26 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In many instances, we could have reasonably used different accounting estimates, and in other instances changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 
 As discussed in Part II, Item 7,   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016, we consider the following accounting policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements: 

Revenue Recognition     

Goodwill     

Share-based Payments     

Restructuring Charges     

 There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies since the filing of our last Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for a full description of new accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial condition. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following summarizes information regarding our cash, investments, and working capital (in thousands):   

As of September 30, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $102.3 million, accounts receivable, net of $68.2 million and availability of borrowings from the Revolving Facility of $27.1 million. Our principal uses of cash will include repayments of debt and related interest, purchase of finished goods inventory from our contract manufacturers, payroll, restructuring expenses and other operating expenses related to the development, marketing of our products and purchases of property and equipment. We believe that our $102.3 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016, cash flows from operations along with the availability of borrowings from the Revolving Facility will be sufficient to fund our principal uses of cash for at least the next 12 months. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities, as amended, contain financial covenants that among other things, require us to maintain a minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Quick Ratio and a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio and other financial and non-financial covenants and restrictions that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens upon any of our property, merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 27 

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities, as amended, also include customary events of default, including failure to pay principal, interest or fees when due, failure to comply with covenants, if any representation or wa  rranty made by us is false or misleading in any material respect, certain insolvency or receivership events affecting Extreme and its subsidiaries, the occurrence of certain material judgments, the occurrence of certain ERISA events, the invalidity of the   loan documents or a change in control of our Company.  The amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, as amended, may be accelerated upon certain events of default. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance and expect to remain in c  ompliance with the covenants of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, as amended, and they are not expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources.  
 Key Components of Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 A summary of the sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents is as follows (in thousands): 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 
 Cash flows provided by operations in the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $9.6 million due to higher collections of accounts receivables during the quarter, combined with non-cash expenses of $14.5 million such as amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and depreciation.   This was partially offset by the current period's net loss of $6.5 million along with increased use of cash in inventory, accounts payable and accrued compensation.  
   Cash flows provided by operations in the   three months ended September 30, 2015, were $6.5 million reflecting the impact of  non-cash expenses such as amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and depreciation as well as decreases   in accounts receivables and was partially offset by the current period's net loss of $19.9 million with increases in inventories and decreases in accounts payable, accrued compensation and deferred revenues. 
 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were $1.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively.   Amounts consisted of purchases of property and equipment.   
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $0.2 million which consisted of $3.4 million proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) and the exercise of stock options, net of taxes paid on vested and released stock awards, offset by a net repayment of debt of $3.2 million. 
 Cash flow provided by financing activities in the three months ending September 30, 2015 were $0.2 million, consisting of $1.9 million proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock under the ESPP and the exercise of stock options, net of taxes paid on vested and released stock awards offset by $1.6 million of cash used for repayment of debt. 
 Foreign currency effect on cash 
 Foreign currency effect on cash increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the US Dollar and particularly the Brazilian Real, British Pound, Indian Rupee and the EURO. 
 28 

Contractual Obligations  
 The following summarizes our contractual obligations at three months ended September 30, 2016, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in thousands): 

Non-cancelable inventory purchase commitments represent the purchase of long lead-time component inventory that our contract manufacturers procure in accordance with our forecast. Inventory purchase commitments were $70.6 million as of   September 30, 2016. We expect to honor the inventory purchase commitments within the next 12 months. 
 Non-cancelable operating lease obligations represent base rents and operating expense obligations to landlords for facilities we occupy at various locations. 
 Other liabilities include our commitments towards debt related fees and specific arrangements other than inventory. 
 The amounts in the table above exclude immaterial income tax liabilities related to uncertain tax positions as we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of settlement. 
 We did not have any material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Quantitati  ve and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 The following table presents the amounts of our cash equivalents that are subject to market risk by range of expected maturity and weighted-average interest rates as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands). 

The following tables present hypothetical changes in fair value of the financial instruments held at September 30, 2016 that are sensitive to changes in interest rates (in thousands): 

29 

Debt  
 At certain points in time we are exposed to the impact of interest rate fluctuations, primarily in the form of variable rate borrowings from our credit facility. 
 The following table presents hypothetical changes in interest expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, on outstanding credit facility borrowings as of September 30, 2016, that are sensitive to changes in interest rates (in thousands): 

*   
 
 Underlying interest rate was 0.15% during the quarter. The table above assumed the underlying interest rate did not decrease below 0%.    

 Exchange Rate Sensitivity 
 A majority of our sales and expenses are denominated in United States Dollars. While we conduct some sales transactions and incur certain operating expenses in foreign currencies and expect to continue to do so, we do not anticipate that foreign exchange gains or losses will be significant, in part because of our foreign exchange risk management process discussed below. 
 Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts 
 We record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in earnings as Other expense, net. From time to time, we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the effect of gains and losses generated by the foreign currency forecast transactions related to certain operating expenses and re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. These derivatives do not qualify as hedges. Changes in the fair value of these foreign exchange forward contracts are offset largely by re-measurement of the underlying assets and liabilities. At March 31, 2016, we did not have any forward foreign currency contracts. 
 Foreign currency transaction gains and losses from operations was a loss of $0.2 million and gain of $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and the Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 30 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  
 Our management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. Our controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that our control system's objective will be met and our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Extreme Networks have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Notwithstanding these limitations, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are, in fact, effective at the  reasonable assurance  level. 

31 

PART II. Othe  r Information  

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 
 For information regarding litigation matters required by this item, refer to Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and Note 8 to our Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report which are incorporated herein by reference. 
   
   Item 1A.     Risk Factors 
 The following is a list of risks and uncertainties which may have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations, industry, financial condition, results of operations or future financial performance. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, industry, financial position and financial performance in the future 
 We may not realize anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, divestitures and strategic investments, and the integration of acquired companies or technologies may negatively impact our business and financial results or dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. 
 As part of our business strategy, we review acquisition and strategic investment prospects that we believe would complement our current product offerings, augment our market coverage or enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. In the event of any future acquisitions, we could: 

issue equity securities which would dilute current stockholders' percentage ownership;     

incur substantial debt;     

assume contingent liabilities; or     

expend significant cash.     

 These actions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or the price of our common stock.  
 For example, we recently completed the acquisition of the Business from Zebra (the  Zebra Acquisition ) and incurred approximately $100.5 million of indebtedness to pay off existing debt and to finance the acquisition. 
 Moreover, even if we do obtain benefits in the form of increased sales and earnings, these benefits may be recognized much later than the time when the expenses associated with an acquisition are incurred. This is particularly relevant in cases where it would be necessary to integrate new types of technology into our existing portfolio and new types of products may be targeted for potential customers with which we do not have pre-existing relationships.  
 Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits our acquisitions and investment activities, including the Zebra Acquisition, also entail numerous risks, including, but not limited to: 

difficulties in the assimilation and successful integration of acquired operations, technologies and/or products;     

unanticipated costs, litigation or other contingent liabilities associated with the acquisition or investment transaction;     

incurrence of acquisition- and integration-related costs, goodwill or in-process research and development impairment charges, or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets, that could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition;     

the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;     

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers;     

risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience;     

 32 

the potential loss of key employees of acquired organizations and inability to attract or retain other key employees; and     

substantial charges for the amortization of certain purchased intangible assets, deferred stock compensation or similar items.     

 We may not be able to successfully integrate any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our senior secured credit facilities impose financial and operating restrictions on us. 
 Our debt instruments, including our new credit facility entered into in connection with the Zebra Acquisition, impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us. These restrictions could affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, among other items, our ability to: 

incur additional indebtedness;     

create liens;     

make investments;     

enter into transactions with affiliates;     

sell assets;     

guarantee indebtedness;     

declare or pay dividends or other distributions to stockholders;     

repurchase equity interests;     

change the nature of our business;     

enter into swap agreements;     

issue or sell capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries; and     

consolidate, merge, or transfer all or substantially all of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.     

 The agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities also require us to achieve and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt. If the debt under our credit agreement were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. 
 If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under our senior secured credit facility, the lenders under such senior secured credit facility could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 
 Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and certain of our subsidiaries. Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities are secured by liens on substantially all of our assets, including the capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries, and the assets of our subsidiaries that are loan party guarantors. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against this pledged capital stock and take control of substantially all of our assets. 
 33 

Our revenues may decline as a result of changes in   public funding of educational institutions.  
 A portion of our revenues comes from sales to both public and private K-12 educational institutions. Public schools receive funding from local tax revenue, and from state and federal governments through a variety of programs, many of which seek to assist schools located in underprivileged or rural areas. The funding for a portion of our sales to educational institutions comes from a federal funding program known as the E-Rate program. E-Rate is a program of the Federal Communications Commission that subsidizes the purchase of approved telecommunications, Internet access, and internal connection costs for eligible public educational institutions.  The E-Rate program, its eligibility criteria, the timing and specific amount of federal funding actually available and which Wi-Fi infrastructure and product sectors will benefit, are uncertain and subject to final federal program approval and funding appropriation continues to be under review by the Federal Communications Commission, and we cannot assure that this program or its equivalent will continue, and as a result, our business may be harmed. Furthermore, if state or local funding of public education is significantly reduced because of legislative or policy changes or by reductions in tax revenues due to changing economic conditions, our sales to educational institutions may be negatively impacted by these changed conditions. Any reduction in spending on information technology systems by educational institutions would likely materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. This is a specific example of the many factors which add additional uncertainty to our future revenue from our education end-customers. 
 To successfully manage our business or achieve our goals, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and promote key employees, and failure to do so can harm us. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our key management, engineering, sales and marketing, service and operations personnel, many of whom would be difficult to replace. We do not have employment contracts with these individuals that mandate that they render services for any specific term, nor do we carry life insurance on any of our key personnel. We have experienced and may in the future experience significant turnover in our executive personnel. In addition, retention has generally become more difficult for us, in part because the exercise price of most of the stock options granted to many of our employees is above the market price. As a result, we experienced high levels of attrition. We believe our future success will also depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, engineering, sales and marketing, service, finance and operations personnel. The market for these personnel is competitive, and we have had difficulty in hiring employees, particularly engineers, in the time-frame we desire. 
 Companies in the networking industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. We have from time to time been involved in claims like this with other companies and, although to date they have not resulted in material litigation, we do not know whether we will be involved in additional claims in the future. We could incur substantial costs in litigating any such claims, regardless of the merits. 
 We cannot assure you we will be profitable in the future, and our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period. 
 We have reported losses in each of our two most recent fiscal years. In addition, in years when we reported profits, we were not profitable in each quarter during those years. We anticipate continuing to incur significant sales and marketing, product development and general and administrative expenses. Any delay in generating or recognizing revenue could result in a loss for a quarter or full year. Even if we are profitable, our operating results may fall below our expectations and those of our investors, which could cause the price of our stock to fall. 
 We may experience challenges or delays in generating or recognizing revenue for a number of reasons and our revenue and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may vary significantly in the future due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 

our dependence on obtaining orders during a quarter and shipping those orders in the same quarter to achieve our revenue objectives;     

decreases in the prices of the products we sell;     

the mix of products sold and the mix of distribution channels through which products are sold;     

acceptance provisions in customer contracts;     

our ability to deliver installation or inspection services by the end of the quarter;     

changes in general and/or specific economic conditions in the networking industry;     

seasonal fluctuations in demand for our products and services;     

 34 

a disproportionate percentage of our sales occurring in the last month of the quarter;     

our ability to ship products by the end of a quarter;     

reduced visibility into the implementation cycles for our products and our customers  spending plans;     

our ability to forecast demand for our products, which in the case of lower-than-expected sales, may result in excess or obsolete inventory in addition to non-cancelable purchase commitments for component parts;     

our sales to the telecommunications service provider market, which represents a significant source of large product orders, being especially volatile and difficult to forecast;     

product returns or the cancellation or rescheduling of orders;     

announcements and new product introductions by our competitors;     

our ability to develop and support relationships with enterprise customers, service providers and other potential large customers;     

our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions;     

fluctuations in warranty or other service expenses actually incurred;     

our ability to obtain sufficient supplies of sole- or limited-source components for our products on a timely basis; and     

increases in the price of the components we purchase.     

 Due to the foregoing and other factors, many of which are described herein, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results should not be relied upon as an indicator of our future performance. 
 The global economic environment has and may continue to negatively impact our business and operating results. 
 The challenges and uncertainty currently affecting global economic conditions may negatively impact our business and operating results in the following ways: 

customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and services;     

customers may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, the amounts they owe us, which may adversely affect our cash flow, the timing of our revenue recognition and the amount of our revenue;     

increased pricing pressure may result from our competitors aggressively discounting their products;     

accurate budgeting and planning will be difficult due to low visibility into future sales;     

forecasting customer demand will be more difficult, increasing the risk of either excess and obsolete inventory if our forecast is too high or insufficient inventory to meet customer demand if our forecast is too low; and     

our component suppliers and contract manufacturers have been negatively affected by the economy, which may result in product delays and changes in pricing and service levels.     

 If global economic conditions do not show continued improvement, we believe we could experience material adverse impacts to our business and operating results. 
 We depend upon international sales for a significant portion of our revenue which imposes a number of risks on our business. 
 International sales constitute a significant portion of our net revenue. Our ability to grow will depend in part on the expansion of international sales. Our international sales primarily depend on the success of our resellers and distributors. The failure of these resellers and distributors to sell our products internationally would limit our ability to sustain and grow our revenue. There are a number of risks arising from our international business, including: 

longer accounts receivable collection cycles;     

difficulties in managing operations across disparate geographic areas;     

difficulties associated with enforcing agreements through foreign legal systems;     

 35 

reduced or limited protection of intellectual property rights, particularly in jurisdictions that have less developed intellectual property regimes, such as China and India;     

higher credit risks requiring cash in advance or letters of credit;     

potential adverse tax consequences;     

compliance with regulatory requirements of foreign countries, including compliance with rapidly evolving environmental regulations;     

compliance with U.S. laws and regulations pertaining to the sale and distribution of products to customers in foreign countries, including export controls and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;     

the payment of operating expenses in local currencies, which exposes us to risks of currency fluctuations.     

political and economic turbulence;     

terrorism, war or other armed conflict;      

compliance with U.S. and other applicable government regulations prohibiting certain end-uses and restrictions on trade with embargoed or sanctioned countries, such as Russia, and with denied parties; and     

natural disasters and epidemics.     

 Substantially all of our international sales are United States dollar-denominated. The continued strength and future increases in the value of the United States dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive in international markets. In the future, we may elect to invoice some of our international customers in local currency, which would expose us to fluctuations in exchange rates between the United States dollar and the particular local currency. If we do so, we may decide to engage in hedging transactions to minimize the risk of such fluctuations. 
 We have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to offset the impact of payment of operating expenses in local currencies to some of our operating foreign subsidiaries. However, if we are not successful in managing these foreign currency transactions, we could incur losses from these activities. 
 We expect the average selling price of our products to decrease, which is likely to reduce gross margin and/or revenue. 
 The network equipment industry has traditionally experienced an erosion of average selling prices due to a number of factors, including competitive pricing pressures, promotional pricing and technological progress. We anticipate the average selling prices of our products will decrease in the future in response to competitive pricing pressures, excess inventories, increased sales discounts and new product introductions by us or our competitors. We may experience decreases in future operating results due to the erosion of our average selling prices. To maintain our gross margin, we must develop and introduce on a timely basis new products and product enhancements and continually reduce our product costs. Our failure to do so will likely cause our revenue and gross margin to decline. 
 We purchase several key components for products from single or limited sources and could lose sales if these suppliers fail to meet our needs. 
 We currently purchase several key components used in the manufacturing of our products from single or limited sources and are dependent upon supply from these sources to meet our needs. Certain components such as tantalum capacitors, SRAM, DRAM, and printed circuit boards, have been in the past, and may in the future be, in short supply. We have encountered, and are likely in the future to encounter, shortages and delays in obtaining these or other components, and this could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer orders. Our principal sole-source components include: 

ASICs - merchant silicon, Ethernet switching, custom and physical interface;     

microprocessors;     

programmable integrated circuits;     

selected other integrated circuits;     

custom power supplies; and     

custom-tooled sheet metal.     

 36 

Our   principal limited-source components include:  

flash memory;     

DRAMs and SRAMs;     

printed circuit boards;     

CAMs;     

connectors; and     

timing circuits (crystals   clocks).     

 We use our forecast of expected demand to determine our material requirements. Lead times for materials and components we order vary significantly, and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at a given time. If forecasts exceed orders, we may have excess and/or obsolete inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. If orders exceed forecasts, we may have inadequate supplies of certain materials and components, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer delivery requirements and to recognize revenue. 
 Our top ten suppliers accounted for a significant portion of our purchases during the quarter. Given the significant concentration of our supply chain, particularly with certain sole or limited source providers, any significant interruption by any of the key suppliers or a termination of a relationship could temporarily disrupt our operations.  Additionally, our operations are materially dependent upon the continued market acceptance and quality of these manufacturers  products and their ability to continue to manufacture products that are competitive and that comply with laws relating to environmental and efficiency standards. Our inability to obtain products from one or more of these suppliers or a decline in market acceptance of these suppliers  products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Other than pursuant to an agreement with a key component supplier which includes pricing based on a minimum volume commitment, generally we do not have agreements fixing long-term prices or minimum volume requirements from suppliers. From time to time we have experienced shortages and allocations of certain components, resulting in delays in filling orders. Qualifying new suppliers to compensate for such shortages may be time-consuming and costly and may increase the likelihood of errors in design or production. In addition, during the development of our products, we have experienced delays in the prototyping of our chipsets, which in turn has led to delays in product introductions. Similar delays may occur in the future. Furthermore, the performance of the components as incorporated in our products may not meet the quality requirements of our customers. 
 Intense competition in the market for networking equipment could prevent us from increasing revenue and attaining profitability. 
 The market for network switching solutions is intensely competitive and dominated primarily by Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., Cisco Systems Inc., Dell, Hewlett-Packard Company, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. and Juniper Networks, Inc. Most of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, broader product lines and substantially greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources. As a result, these competitors are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products. In addition, they have larger distribution channels, stronger brand names, access to more customers, a larger installed customer base and a greater ability to make attractive offers to channel partners and customers than we do. Some of our customers may question whether we have the financial resources to complete their projects and future service commitments. 
 For example, we have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter in the future, many potential customers who are confident in and committed to the product offerings of our principal competitors. Accordingly, these potential customers may not consider or evaluate our products. When such potential customers have considered or evaluated our products, we have in the past lost, and expect in the future to lose, sales to some of these customers as large competitors have offered significant price discounts to secure these sales. 
 The pricing policies of our competitors impact the overall demand for our products and services. Some of our competitors are capable of operating at significant losses for extended periods of time, increasing pricing pressure on our products and services. If we do not maintain competitive pricing, the demand for our products and services, as well as our market share, may decline. From time to time, we may lower the prices of our products and services in response to competitive pressure. When this happens, if we are unable to reduce our component costs or improve operating efficiencies, our revenue and gross margins will be adversely affected. 
 37 

We may not fully realize the anticipated positive impacts   to future financial results from our restructuring efforts.  
 We have undertaken restructuring efforts in the past to streamline operations and reduce operating expenses. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from our restructuring efforts within expected time frames is subject to many estimates and assumptions and may vary materially based on factors such as market conditions and the effect of our restructuring efforts on our work force. These estimates and assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure that we will fully realize the anticipated positive impacts to future financial results from our current or future restructuring efforts. If our estimates and assumptions are incorrect or if other unforeseen events occur, we may not achieve the cost savings expected from such restructurings, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Industry consolidation may lead to stronger competition and may harm our operating results. 
 There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them with the ability to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the service provider market, rapid consolidation will lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. 
 We intend to invest in engineering, sales, services, marketing and manufacturing on a long term basis, and delays or inability to attain the expected benefits may result in unfavorable operating results. 
 While we intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term, we also intend to invest in personnel and other resources related to our engineering, sales, services, marketing and manufacturing functions as we focus on our foundational priorities, such as leadership in our core products and solutions and architectures for business transformation. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to continually introduce new products and features that achieve broad market acceptance. 
 The network equipment market is characterized by rapid technological progress, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer requirements and evolving industry standards. If we do not regularly introduce new products in this dynamic environment, our product lines will become obsolete. These new products must be compatible and inter-operate with products and architectures offered by other vendors. We have and may in the future experience delays in product development and releases, and such delays have and could in the future adversely affect our ability to compete and our operating results. 
 When we announce new products or product enhancements or end of sale existing products that have the potential to replace or shorten the life cycle of our existing products, customers may defer or cancel orders for our existing products. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results by unexpectedly decreasing sales, increasing inventory levels of older products and exposing us to greater risk of product obsolescence. 
 Even if we introduce new switching products, alternative technologies could achieve widespread market acceptance and displace the Ethernet technology on which we have based our product architecture. For example, developments in routers and routing software could significantly reduce demand for our products. As a result, we may not be able to achieve widespread market acceptance of our current or future products. 
 38 

If we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop products and product enhancements that meet those technological shift  s, needs and opportunities, or if those products are not made available in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer.  
 We cannot guarantee that we will be able to anticipate future technological shifts, market needs and opportunities or be able to develop new products or product enhancements to meet such technological shifts, needs or opportunities in a timely manner or at all. For example, the move from traditional network infrastructures towards SDN has been receiving considerable attention. In our view, it will take several years to see the full impact of SDN, and we believe the successful products and solutions in this market will combine hardware and software elements together.  If we fail to anticipate market requirements or fail to develop and introduce new products or product enhancements to meet those needs in a timely manner, it could cause us to lose customers, and such failure could substantially decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future products, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we are able to anticipate, develop and commercially introduce new products and enhancements, we cannot assure that new products or enhancements will achieve widespread market acceptance. 
 The cloud networking market is still in its early stages and is rapidly evolving. If this market does not evolve as we anticipate or our target end customers do not adopt our cloud networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer. 
  The cloud networking market is still in its early stages. The market demand for cloud networking solutions has increased in recent years as end customers have deployed larger networks and have increased the use of virtualization and cloud computing. Our success may be impacted by our ability to provide successful cloud networking solutions that address the needs of our channel partners and end customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies.  If the cloud networking solutions market does not develop in the way we anticipate, if our solutions do not offer significant benefits compared to competing legacy network switching products or if end customers do not recognize the benefits that our solutions provide, then our potential for growth in this cloud market could be adversely affected. 
 Claims of infringement by others may increase and the resolution of such claims may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patents, copyrights (including rights to  open source  software) and other intellectual property rights. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the networking field, the secrecy of some pending patents and the issuance of new patents at a rapid pace, it is not possible to determine in advance if a product or component might infringe the patent rights of others. Because of the potential for courts awarding substantial damages, the lack of predictability of such awards and the high legal costs associated with the defense of such patent infringement matters that would be expended to prove lack of infringement, it is not uncommon for companies in our industry to settle even potentially unmeritorious claims for very substantial amounts. Furthermore, the entities with whom we have or could have disputes or discussions include entities with extensive patent portfolios and substantial financial assets. These entities are actively engaged in programs to generate substantial revenue from their patent portfolios and are seeking or may seek significant payments or royalties from us and others in our industry. 
 Litigation resulting from claims that we are infringing the proprietary rights of others has resulted and could in the future result in substantial costs and a diversion of resources, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We previously received notices from entities alleging that we were infringing their patents and have been party to patent litigation in the past. 
 Without regard to the merits of these or any other claims, an adverse court order or a settlement could require us, among other actions, to: 

stop selling our products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property;     

obtain a royalty bearing license to sell or use the relevant technology, and that license may not be available on reasonable terms or available at all;     

pay damages;     

redesign those products that use the disputed technology; or     

face a ban on importation of our products into the United States.     

 39 

In addition, our products include so-called  open source  software. Open source software is typically licensed for use at no initial charge, but imposes on the user of the open source software certain requirements to license to others both the open   source software as well as modifications to the open source software under certain circumstances. Our use of open source software subjects us to certain additional risks for the following reasons:  

open source license terms may be ambiguous and may result in unanticipated obligations regarding the licensing of our products and intellectual property;     

open source software cannot be protected under trade secret law;     

suppliers of open-source software do not provide the warranty, support and liability protections typically provided by vendors who offer proprietary software; and     

it may be difficult for us to accurately determine the developers of the open source code and whether the acquired software infringes third-party intellectual property rights.     

 We believe even if we do not infringe the rights of others, we will incur significant expenses in the future due to defense of legal claims, disputes or licensing negotiations, though the amounts cannot be determined. These expenses may be material or otherwise adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our operating results may be negatively affected by defending or pursuing claims or lawsuits. 
 We have in the past, currently are and will likely in the future pursue or be subject to claims or lawsuits in the normal course of our business. In addition to the risks related to the intellectual property lawsuits described above, we are currently parties to other litigation as described in Note 8 to our Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements... Regardless of the result, litigation can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. An unfavorable resolution of a lawsuit in which we are a defendant could result in a court order against us or payments to other parties that would have an adverse affect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Even if we are successful in prosecuting claims and lawsuits, we may not recover damages sufficient to cover our expenses incurred to manage, investigate and pursue the litigation. In addition, subject to certain limitations, we may be obligated to indemnify our current and former customers, suppliers, directors, officers and employees in certain lawsuits. We may not have adequate insurance coverage to cover all of our litigation costs and liabilities. 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer. 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. However, we cannot ensure that the actions we have taken will adequately protect our intellectual property rights or that other parties will not independently develop similar or competing products that do not infringe on our patents. We generally enter into confidentiality, invention assignment or license agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties with whom we do business, and control access to and distribution of our intellectual property and other proprietary information. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise misappropriate or use our products or technology, which would adversely affect our business. 
 When our products contain undetected errors, we may incur significant unexpected expenses and could lose sales. 
 Network products frequently contain undetected errors when new products or new versions or updates of existing products are released to the marketplace. In the past, we have experienced such errors in connection with new products and product updates. We have experienced component problems in prior years that caused us to incur higher than expected warranty, service costs and expenses, and other related operating expenses. In the future, we expect that, from time to time, such errors or component failures will be found in new or existing products after the commencement of commercial shipments. These problems may have a material adverse effect on our business by causing us to incur significant warranty, repair and replacement costs, diverting the attention of our engineering personnel from new product development efforts, delaying the recognition of revenue and causing significant customer relations problems. Further, if products are not accepted by customers due to such defects, and such returns exceed the amount we accrued for defective returns based on our historical experience, our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 Our products must successfully inter-operate with products from other vendors. As a result, when problems occur in a network, it may be difficult to identify the sources of these problems. The occurrence of system errors, whether or not caused by our products, could result in the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products and any necessary revisions may cause us to incur significant expenses. The occurrence of any such problems would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 40 

Our dependence on a few manufacturers for our manufacturing requirements could harm our operating results.  
 We primarily rely on our manufacturing partners: Alpha Networks, Inc. headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan; Senao Networks, Inc. headquartered in Taoyuan, Taiwan; Benchmark Electronics headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama; and select other partners to manufacture our products. We have experienced delays in product shipments from our manufacturing partners in the past, which in turn delayed product shipments to our customers. These or similar problems may arise in the future, such as delivery of products of inferior quality, delivery of insufficient quantity of products, or the interruption or discontinuance of operations of a manufacturer, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, any natural disaster or business interruption to our manufacturing partners could significantly disrupt our business. While we maintain strong relationships with our manufacturing partners, our agreements with these manufacturers are generally of limited duration and pricing, quality and volume commitments are negotiated on a recurring basis. The failure to maintain continuing agreements with our manufacturing partners could adversely affect our business. We intend to introduce new products and product enhancements, which will require that we rapidly achieve volume production by coordinating our efforts with those of our suppliers and contract manufacturers. 
 As part of our cost-reduction efforts, we will need to realize lower per unit product costs from our manufacturing partners by means of volume efficiencies and the utilization of manufacturing sites in lower-cost geographies. However, we cannot be certain when or if such price reductions will occur. The failure to obtain such price reductions would adversely affect our operating results. 
 We must continue to develop and increase the productivity of our indirect distribution channels to increase net revenue and improve our operating results. 
 Our distribution strategy focuses primarily on developing and increasing the productivity of our indirect distribution channels. If we fail to develop and cultivate relationships with significant channel partners, or if these channel partners are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of our products may decrease and our operating results could suffer. Many of our channel partners also sell products from other vendors that compete with our products. Our channel partners may not continue to market or sell our products effectively or to devote the resources necessary to provide us with effective sales, marketing and technical support. We may not be able to successfully manage our sales channels or enter into additional reseller and/or distribution agreements. Our failure to do any of these could limit our ability to grow or sustain revenue. 
 Our operating results for any given period have and will continue to depend to a significant extent on large orders from a relatively small number of channel partners and other customers. For example, sales through our top three distributors accounted for 46% of our net sales in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. However, we do not have binding purchase commitments from any of them. A substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to a significant reseller, distributor or other customer could harm our business, operating results and financial condition because our expense levels are based on our expectations as to future revenue and to a large extent are fixed in the short term. Under specified conditions, some third-party distributors are allowed to return products to us and unexpected returns could adversely affect our results. 
 The sales cycle for our products is long and we may incur substantial non-recoverable expenses or devote significant resources to sales that do not occur when anticipated. 
 The purchase of our products represent a significant strategic decision by a customer regarding its communications infrastructure. The decision by customers to purchase our products is often based on the results of a variety of internal procedures associated with the evaluation, testing, implementation and acceptance of new technologies. Accordingly, the product evaluation process frequently results in a lengthy sales cycle, typically ranging from three months to longer than a year, and as a result, our ability to sell products is subject to a number of significant risks, including risks that: 

budgetary constraints and internal acceptance reviews by customers will result in the loss of potential sales;     

there may be substantial variation in the length of the sales cycle from customer to customer, making decisions on the expenditure of resources difficult to assess;     

we may incur substantial sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management time in an attempt to initiate or increase the sale of products to customers, but not succeed;     

if a sales forecast from a specific customer for a particular quarter is not achieved in that quarter, we may be unable to compensate for the shortfall, which could harm our operating results; and     

downward pricing pressures could occur during the lengthy sales cycle for our products.     

 41 

Failure to successfully expand our sales and support teams or educat  e them in regard to technologies and our product families may harm our operating results.  
 The sale of our products and services requires a concerted effort that is frequently targeted at several levels within a prospective customer's organization. We may not be able to increase net revenue unless we expand our sales and support teams in order to address all of the customer requirements necessary to sell our products. 
 We cannot assure that we will be able to successfully integrate employees into our company or to educate and train current and future employees in regard to rapidly evolving technologies and our product families. A failure to do so may hurt our revenue growth and operating results. 
 Failure of our products to comply with evolving industry standards and complex government regulations may adversely impact our business. 
 If we do not comply with existing or evolving industry standards and government regulations, we may not be able to sell our products where these standards or regulations apply. The network equipment industry in which we compete is characterized by rapid changes in technology and customers' requirements and evolving industry standards. As a result, our success depends on: 

the timely adoption and market acceptance of industry standards, and timely resolution of conflicting U.S. and international industry standards; and     

our ability to influence the development of emerging industry standards and to introduce new and enhanced products that are compatible with such standards.     

 In the past, we have introduced new products that were not compatible with certain technological standards, and in the future, we may not be able to effectively address the compatibility and interoperability issues that arise as a result of technological changes and evolving industry standards. 
 Our products must also comply with various U.S. federal government regulations and standards defined by agencies such as the Federal Communications Commission, standards established by governmental authorities in various foreign countries and recommendations of the International Telecommunication Union. In some circumstances, we must obtain regulatory approvals or certificates of compliance before we can offer or distribute our products in certain jurisdictions or to certain customers. Complying with new regulations or obtaining certifications can be costly and disruptive to our business. 
 If we do not comply with existing or evolving industry standards or government regulations, we will not be able to sell our products where these standards or regulations apply, which may prevent us from sustaining our net revenue or achieving profitability. 
 If we do not adequately manage and evolve our financial reporting and managerial systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business may be harmed. 
 Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with regulations requires an effective planning and management process. We need to continue improving our existing, and implement new, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. We need to ensure that any businesses acquired, including the Zebra Acquisition, are appropriately integrated in our financial systems. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the integration of acquired businesses, or delay and disruption in the transition to, new or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, could harm our ability to record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis, or to forecast future results. 
 Changes in the effective tax rate including from the release of the valuation allowance recorded against our net U.S. deferred tax assets, or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns or change in ownership, could adversely affect our results. 
 Our future effective tax rates may be volatile or adversely affected by changes in our business or U.S. or foreign tax laws, including: the partial or full release of the valuation allowance recorded against our net U.S. deferred tax assets; expiration of or lapses in the research and development tax credit laws; transfer pricing adjustments; tax effects of stock-based compensation; or costs related to restructuring. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. Although we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, there is no assurance that such determinations by us are in fact adequate. Changes in our effective tax rates or amounts assessed upon examination of our tax returns may have a material, adverse impact on our cash flows and our financial condition. 
 42 

Our future effective tax rate in particular could be adv  ersely affected by a change in ownership pursuant to U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 382. If a change in ownership occurs, it may limit our ability to utilize our net operating losses to offset our U.S. taxable income. If U.S. taxable income is greater   than the change in ownership limitation, we will pay a higher rate of tax with respect to the amount of taxable income that exceeds the limitation. This could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. On April 26, 2012, we adopted an Ame  nded and Restated Rights Agreement to help protect our assets (the  Rights Agreement ). In general, this does not allow a stockholder to acquire more than 4.95% of our outstanding common stock without a waiver from our board of directors, who must take int  o account the relevant tax analysis relating to potential limitation of our net operating losses. The Rights Agreement is effective through May 31, 2017.  
 Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law and our adoption of a stockholder rights plan may delay or prevent an acquisition of Extreme, which could decrease the value of our Common Stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Although we believe these provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law will provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some of our stockholders. 
 Our Rights Agreement provides that if a single stockholder (or group) acquires more than 4.95% of our outstanding common stock without a waiver from our Board of Directors, each holder of one share of our common stock (other than the stockholder or group who acquired in excess of 4.95% of our common stock) may purchase a fractional share of our preferred stock that would result in substantial dilution to the triggering stockholder or group. Accordingly, although this plan is designed to prevent any limitation on the utilization of our net operating losses by avoiding issues raised under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the Rights Agreement could also serve as a deterrent to stockholders wishing to effect a change of control. 
 Compliance with laws, rules and regulations relating to corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. 
 Federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ Stock Market rules and regulations, require companies to maintain extensive corporate governance measures, impose comprehensive reporting and disclosure requirements, set strict independence and financial expertise standards for audit and other committee members and impose civil and criminal penalties for companies and their Chief Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officers and directors for securities law violations. These laws, rules and regulations and the interpretation of these requirements are evolving, and we are making investments to evaluate current practices and to continue to achieve compliance, which investments may have a material impact on the Company s financial condition. 
 Our headquarters and some significant supporting businesses are located in Northern California and other areas subject to natural disasters that could disrupt our operations and harm our business. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Silicon Valley in Northern California. Historically, this region as well as our R D centers in North Carolina and New Hampshire have been vulnerable to natural disasters and other risks, such as earthquakes, fires, floods and tropical storms, which at times have disrupted the local economy and posed physical risks to our property. We have contract manufacturers located in Taiwan where similar natural disasters and other risks may disrupt the local economy and pose physical risks to our property and the property of our contract manufacturer. 
 In addition, the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries. If such disruptions result in delays or cancellations of customer orders for our products, our business and operating results will suffer. 
 We currently do not have redundant, multiple site capacity in the event of a natural disaster, terrorist act or other catastrophic event. In the event of such an occurrence, our business would suffer. 
 Our stock price has been volatile in the past and our stock price may significantly fluctuate in the future. 
 In the past, our common stock price has fluctuated significantly. This could continue as we or our competitors announce new products, our results or those of our customers or competition fluctuate, conditions in the networking or semiconductor industry change, or when investors, change their sentiment toward stocks in the networking technology sector. 
 43 

In addition, fluctuations in our stock price and our price-to-earnings multiple may make our stock attractive to momentum, hedge or day-trading investors who oft  en shift funds into and out of stock rapidly, exacerbating price fluctuations in either direction, particularly when viewed on a quarterly basis.  
 We rely on the availability of third-party licenses. 
 Some of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property, including open source software, licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of these products. There can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products.  Further, the failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. Our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could require us, if possible, to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 System security risks, data protection breaches, and cyber-attacks could compromise our proprietary information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our products, which could adversely affect our business. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners on our networks. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Increasingly, companies, including Extreme Networks, are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks on an ongoing basis. Despite our security measures, Extreme Networks' information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to penetration or attacks by computer programmers and hackers, or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks, creating system disruptions or slowdowns and exploiting security vulnerabilities of our products, and the information stored on our networks could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, which could subject us to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, and cause us reputational and financial harm. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our networks. 
 If an actual or perceived breach of network security occurs in our network or in the network of a customer of our networking products, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed. In addition, the economic costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software systems and security vulnerabilities could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure. Because the techniques used by computer programmers and hackers, many of whom are highly sophisticated and well-funded, to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until after they are used, we may be unable to anticipate or immediately detect these techniques. This could impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Market conditions and changes in the industry could lead to discontinuation of our products or businesses resulting in asset impairments. 
 In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any decision to limit investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses may result in the recording of special charges, such as inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Although in certain instances, our supply agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed, our loss contingencies may include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel with contract manufacturers and suppliers. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market conditions. 
 44 

If our products do not effectively inter-operate with our customers  networks and result in cancellations and delays of installations our business could be   harmed.  
 Our products are designed to interface with our customers  existing networks, each of which have different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards and products from other vendors. Many of our customers  networks contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time as these networks have grown and evolved. Our products must inter-operate with many or all of the products within these networks as well as future products in order to meet our customers  requirements. If we find errors in the existing software or defects in the hardware used in our customers  networks, we may need to modify our software networking solutions to fix or overcome these errors so that our products will inter-operate and scale with the existing software and hardware, which could be costly and could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if our products do not inter-operate with those of our customers  networks, demand for our products could be adversely affected or orders for our products could be canceled. This could hurt our operating results, damage our reputation, and seriously harm our business and prospects. 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the costs of certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products. 
 As a public company, we are subject to requirements under the  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, and the regulations adopted by the SEC as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, that will require us to perform certain reasonable country of origin inquiry and diligence exercises, and disclose and report on our diligence process and efforts to ascertain whether or not our products may contain  conflict minerals  mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries.  The implementation of these new requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of the materials used in the manufacture of components used in our products. In addition, we will incur additional costs to comply with these disclosure requirements, including costs related to conducting ongoing diligence procedures and, if applicable, potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such activities. We may also face reputational harm if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict-free or if we are unable to alter our products, processes or sources of supply to avoid such materials. In such an event, we may also face difficulties in satisfying customers if we are unable to verify that any conflict minerals used in our products are not sourced from the covered countries or are not done so by conflict free certified refiners and smelters. 
 We have liabilities for real estate leases in excess of what is necessary for our current business.  
 We have real estate leases that we are currently trying to sublease or that we have had to write-off their cost. Until such time that we are able to sublease these properties, or the current leases expire, we may incur financial liabilities for real estate leases significantly in excess of what is necessary for our current business.  
 The results of the United Kingdom's referendum on withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. 
 In June 2016, a majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union in a national referendum.  The referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last at least two years after the government of the United Kingdom formally initiates a withdrawal process.  Nevertheless, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, including with respect to the laws and regulations that will apply as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal.  The referendum has also given rise to calls for the governments of other European Union member states to consider withdrawal.  These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets.  Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our securities. 
 While the full effects of the referendum will not be known for some time, the referendum could cause disruptions to, and create uncertainty surrounding, our business with customers in the United Kingdom. One of the most immediate effects of the referendum to date includes the currency exchange rate fluctuations that have resulted in the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the U.K. Pound Sterling. The weaker U.K. Pound Sterling means that revenues earned in U.K. Pounds Sterling translate to lower reported U.S. Dollar revenues. The weaker U.K. Pound Sterling also means that expenses incurred in U.K. Pounds Sterling translate to lower reported U.S. Dollar expenses. In addition, the continued strength and future increases in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to the U.K. Pounds Sterling could make the sale of our products less competitive in the United Kingdom. 
 45 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     Not applicable 
   
       Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities -     Not applicable 
   
       Item 4.     Mine Safety Disc    losure - Not Applicable 
   
   Item 5.     Other Information 
 Change in Control Plan 
 On November 1, 2016 the Company amended and restated the Company s Executive Change in Control Severance Plan to provide that the accelerated vesting provisions under the amended and restated plan will only apply to awards which, at the time of acceleration, are subject to vesting based solely upon continued service.  Under the amended and restated plan, the vesting of equity awards is accelerated if the equity awards are not assumed, or substituted by, the acquirer or, if assumed or substituted for, the holder thereof experiences a termination of employment by the Company without cause or resigns for good reason within the twelve month period immediately following a change in control, in each case, as described in the amended and restated plan.  A copy of the amended and restated plan is filed as exhibit 10.5 to this Form 10-Q. 
 46 

Item 6.       E  xhibits  

(a)   
 
  Exhibits:     

Incorporated by Reference  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description of Document  

Form  

Filing Date  

Number  

Filed 
 Herewith  

2.1  

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2016, by and between Extreme Networks, Inc. and Zebra Technologies Corporation.  

8-K  

9/15/2016  

2.1  

10.1*  

Form of restricted stock unit award agreement under Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.  

X  

10.2*  

Form of performance based restricted stock unit award agreement under Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.  

X  

10.3*  

Form of option award agreement under Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.  

X 

10.4  

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto as lenders, and Silicon Valley Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent.  

X  

10.5*  

Extreme Networks, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan Amended and Restated November 1, 2016. 

X  

10.6  

Debt Commitment Letter, dated as of September 13, 2016, by and between Extreme Networks, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank.  

8-K      

9/15/2016       

10.1  

31.1  

Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.  

X  

31.2  

Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.  

X  

32.1  

Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.  

X  

32.2  

Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.  

X  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

X  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

X  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

X 

*Indicates management compensatory contract, plan or arrangement.  
   
 47 

**  Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for   purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; are deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and otherwise are not subject to liability under these sections.  
   
 48 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 (Registrant)  

/  S  /    B. DREW DAVIES  

B. Drew Davies  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer)  

November 2, 2016 
   
 49  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 extr-ex101_6.htm
 EX-10.1

extr-ex101_6.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF STOCK OPTION 
 (For U.S. Participants) 
   
 Extreme Networks, Inc. (the   Company  ) has granted to the Participant an option (the     Option    ) to purchase certain shares of Stock pursuant to the Extreme Networks, Inc.   2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the     Plan    ), as follows: 

Participant:  
 
 %%FIRST_NAME%-% %%LAST_NAME%-%  
 
 Employee ID:  
 
 %%EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER%-%  

Date of Grant:  
 
 %%OPTION_DATE%-%  

Number of Option Shares:  
 
 %%TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED%-%, subject to adjustment as provided by the Option Agreement.  

Exercise Price:  
 
 $%%OPTION_PRICE%-%  

Vesting Start Date:  
 
 %%VEST_BASE_DATE%-%  

Option Expiration Date:  
 
 The 7th anniversary of the Date of Grant  

Tax Status of Option:  
 
 %%OPTION_TYPE%-%   

Vested Shares:  
 
 Except as provided in the Option Agreement and provided the Participant s Service has not terminated prior to the applicable date, the number of Vested Shares (disregarding any resulting fractional share) as of any date is determined by multiplying the Number of Option Shares by the     Vested Ratio     determined as of such date as follows:  

Vested Ratio   

Prior to first anniversary of Vesting Start Date   

On first anniversary of Vesting Start Date (the   Initial Vesting Date  )   

Plus   

For each additional full month of the Participant s Service from Initial Vesting Date until the Vested Ratio equals 1/1, an additional   

Superseding Agreement:  

The terms and conditions of the foregoing Superseding Agreement to which the Participant is a party shall, notwithstanding any provision of the Option Agreement to the contrary, supersede any inconsistent term or condition set forth in the Option Agreement to the extent intended by such Superseding Agreement.  

By the Company s authorized signature below and the Participant s by electronic acceptance in a form authorized by the Company, the Company and the Participant agree that the Option is governed by this Grant Notice and by the provisions of the Option Agreement and the Plan, both of which are made a part of this document, and by the Superseding Agreement, if any.  The Participant acknowledges that copies of the Plan, the Option Agreement and the prospectus for the Plan are available on the Company s internal web site and may be viewed and printed by the Participant for attachment to the Participant s copy of this Grant Notice.  The Participant represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the provisions of the Option Agreement and the Plan, and hereby accepts the Option subject to all of their terms and conditions. 

ATTACHMENTS:   
 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to the Date of Grant; Stock Option Agreement, Exercise Notice and Plan Prospectus    

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC.  
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 (For U.S. Participants)  
 Extreme Networks, Inc. (the     Company    ) has granted to the Participant named in the  Notice of Grant of Stock Option  (the     Grant Notice    ) to which this Stock Option Agreement (the     Option Agreement    ) is attached an option (the     Option    ) to purchase certain shares of Stock upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Option Agreement.  The Option has been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and conditions of the Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the     Plan    ), as amended to the Date of Grant, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference.  By signing the Grant Notice, the Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of, and represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with, the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan and  a prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of shares issuable pursuant to the Option (the      Plan Prospectus     ) , (b) accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement and the Plan and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement or the Plan. 
  Definitions and Construction . 
 1.   Definitions  .   Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Grant Notice or the Plan. 
 2.   Construction  .   Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Option Agreement.  Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.  Use of the term  or  is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
  Tax Consequences . 
 1.   Tax Status of Option  .   This Option is intended to have the tax status designated in the Grant Notice. 
 1.1   Incentive Stock Option  .   If the Grant Notice so designates, this Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code, but the Company does not represent or warrant that this Option qualifies as such.  The Participant should consult with the Participant   s own tax advisor regarding the tax effects of this Option and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements.  (NOTE TO PARTICIPANT: If the Option is exercised more than three (3) months after the date on which you cease to be an Employee (other than by reason of your death or permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), the Option will be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option and not as an Incentive Stock Option to the extent required by Section 422 of the Code.) 
 1.2   Nonstatutory Stock Option.   If the Grant Notice so designates, this Option is intended to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option and shall not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code. 
     2.   ISO Fair Market Value Limitation.    If the Grant Notice designates this Option as an Incentive Stock Option,  then to the extent that the Option (together with all Incentive Stock  
 2 

Options granted to the Participant under all stock option plans of the Participating Company Group, including the Plan) be  comes exercisable for the first time during any calendar year for shares having a Fair Market Value greater than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), the portion of such options which exceeds such amount will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options.    For purposes of this Section   2.2  , options designated as Incentive Stock Options are taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market V  alue of stock is determined as of the time the option with respect to such stock is granted.  If the Code is amended to provide for a different limitation from that set forth in this Section   2.2  , such different limitation shall be deemed incorporated herein effective as of the date required or permitted by such amendment to the Code.  If the Option is treated as an Incentive Stock Option in part and as a Nonstatutory   Stock Option in part by reason of the limitation set forth in this Section   2.2  , the Participant may designate which portion of such Option the Participant is exercising.  In the absence of such designation, the Participant shall be deemed to have exercised the Incentive   Stock Option portion of the Option first.  Separate certificates representing each such portion shall be issued upon the exercise of the Option.  (NOTE TO PARTICIPANT: If the aggregate Exercise Price of the Option (that is, the Exercise Price multiplied by   the Number of Option Shares) plus the aggregate exercise price of any other Incentive Stock Options you hold (whether granted pursuant to the Plan or any other stock option plan of the Participating Company Group) is greater than $100,000, you should cont  act the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to ascertain whether the entire Option qualifies as an Incentive Stock Option.)  
  Administration . 
 All questions of interpretation concerning the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan or any other form of agreement or other document employed by the Company in the administration of the Plan or the Option shall be determined by the Committee.  All such determinations by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an interest in the Option, unless fraudulent or made in bad faith.  Any and all actions, decisions and determinations taken or made by the Committee in the exercise of its discretion pursuant to the Plan or the Option or other agreement thereunder (other than determining questions of interpretation pursuant to the preceding sentence) shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an interest in the Option.  Any Officer shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, or election. 
  Exercise of the Option . 
 1.   Right to Exercise  .   Except as otherwise provided herein, the Option shall be exercisable on and after the Initial Vesting Date and prior to the termination of the Option (as provided in Section 6) in an amount not to exceed the number of Vested Shares less the number of shares previously acquired upon exercise of the Option.  In no event shall the Option be exercisable for more shares than the Number of Option Shares, as adjusted pursuant to Section 9. 
     2.   Method of Exercise  .   Exercise of the Option shall be by means of electronic or written notice (the     Exercise Notice    ) in a form authorized by the Company.  An electronic Exercise Notice must be digitally signed or authenticated by the Participant in such manner as required by the notice and transmitted to the Company or an authorized representative of the Company (including a third-party administrator designated by the Company).  In the event that the Participant is not authorized or is unable to provide an electronic Exercise Notice, the Option shall be exercised by a written Exercise Notice addressed to the Company, which shall be signed by the Participant and delivered in person, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, by  
 3 

confirmed facsimile transmission, or by such other means as the Company may permit, to the Company, or an authorized representative of the Compan  y (including a third-party administrator designated by the Company).  Each Exercise Notice, whether electronic or written, must state the Participant s election to exercise the Option, the number of whole shares of Stock for which the Option is being exerc  ised and such other representations and agreements as to the Participant s investment intent with respect to such shares as may be required pursuant to the provisions of this Option Agreement.  Further, each Exercise Notice must be received by the Company   prior to the termination of the Option as set forth in Section   6   and must be accompanied by full payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of shares of   Stock being purchased.  The Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such electronic or written Exercise Notice and the aggregate Exercise Price.  
 3.   Payment of Exercise Price.  
 3.1   Forms of Consideration Authorized  .   Except as otherwise provided below, payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of shares of Stock for which the Option is being exercised shall be made (i) in cash, by check or in cash equivalent; (ii) if permitted by the Company and subject to the limitations contained in Section 4.3(b), by means of (1) a Cashless Exercise, (2) a Net-Exercise, or (3) a Stock Tender Exercise; or (iii) by any combination of the foregoing. 
   3.2   Limitations on Forms of Consideration.   The Company reserves, at any and all times, the right, in the Company s sole and absolute discretion, to establish, decline to approve or terminate any program or procedure providing for payment of the Exercise Price through any of the means described below, including with respect to the Participant notwithstanding that such program or procedures may be available to others. 
   (a)   Cashless Exercise.   A     Cashless Exercise     means the delivery of a properly executed Exercise Notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker in a form acceptable to the Company providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale or loan with respect to shares of Stock acquired upon the exercise of the Option in an amount not less than the aggregate Exercise Price for such shares (including, without limitation, through an exercise complying with the provisions of Regulation T as promulgated from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). 
   (b)   Net-Exercise.   A     Net-Exercise     means the delivery of a properly executed Exercise Notice electing a procedure pursuant to which (1) the Company will reduce the number of shares otherwise issuable to the Participant upon the exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of shares having a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares with respect to which the Option is exercised, and (2) the Participant shall pay to the Company in cash the remaining balance of such aggregate Exercise Price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued.  Following a Net-Exercise, the number of shares remaining subject to the Option, if any, shall be reduced by the sum of (1) the net number of shares issued to the Participant upon such exercise, and (2) the number of shares deducted by the Company for payment of the aggregate Exercise Price. 
   (c)   Stock Tender Exercise.   A     Stock Tender Exercise     means the delivery of a properly executed Exercise Notice accompanied by (1) the Participant s tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, in a form acceptable to the Company of whole shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares with respect to which the Option is exercised, and (2) the Participant s payment to the  
 4 

Company in cash of the remaining balance of such aggregate Exercise Price not satisfied by such shares  Fair Market Value.  A Stock Tender Exercise shall not be permitted if it would   constitute a violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company     s stock.  If required by the Company, the Option may not be exercised by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shar  es of Stock unless such shares either have been owned by the Participant for a period of time required by the Company (and not used for another option exercise by attestation during such period) or were not acquired, directly or indirectly, from the Compan  y.  
     4.   Tax Withholding  .  
 4.1   In General.   At the time the Option is exercised, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by a Participating Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including by means of a Cashless Exercise to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax (including any social insurance) withholding obligations of the Participating Company Group, if any, which arise in connection with the Option.  The Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Stock until the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company Group have been satisfied by the Participant. 
 4.2   Withholding in Shares  .   The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Participant to satisfy all or any portion of a Participating Company s tax withholding obligations upon exercise of the Option by deducting from the shares of Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant upon such exercise a number of whole shares having a fair market value, as determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the amount of such tax withholding obligations determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates. 
 5.   Beneficial Ownership of Shares; Certificate Registration  .   The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option.  Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the shares as to which the Option is exercised shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 
     6.   Restrictions on Grant of the Option and Issuance of Shares  .   The grant of the Option and the issuance of shares of Stock upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities.  The Option may not be exercised if the issuance of shares of Stock upon exercise would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed.  In addition, the Option may not be exercised unless (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act shall at the time of exercise of the Option be in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon exercise of the Option or (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the shares issuable upon exercise of the Option may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  THE PARTICIPANT IS CAUTIONED THAT THE OPTION MAY NOT BE EXERCISED UNLESS THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS ARE SATISFIED.  ACCORDINGLY, THE PARTICIPANT MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EXERCISE THE OPTION WHEN DESIRED EVEN THOUGH THE  
 5 

OPTION IS VESTED.  The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company     s legal coun  sel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares subject to the Option shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.  As   a condition to the exercise of the Option, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty   with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company.  
 7.   Fractional Shares  .   The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the exercise of the Option. 
    Nontransferability of the Option . 
 During the lifetime of the Participant, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative.  The Option shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  Following the death of the Participant, the Option, to the extent provided in Section 7, may be exercised by the Participant   s legal representative or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Participant   s will or under the then applicable laws of descent and distribution. 
    Termination of the Option . 
 The Option shall terminate and may no longer be exercised after the first to occur of (a) the close of business on the Option Expiration Date, (b) the close of business on the last date for exercising the Option following termination of the Participant   s Service as described in Section 7, or (c) a Change in Control to the extent provided in Section 8. 
    Effect of Termination of Service . 
     1.   Option Exercisability.   The Option shall terminate immediately upon the Participant s termination of Service to the extent that it is then unvested and shall be exercisable after the Participant s termination of Service to the extent it is then vested only during the applicable time period as determined below and thereafter shall terminate. 
 1.1   Disability  .   If the Participant   s Service terminates because of the Disability of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on the date on which the Participant   s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant   s guardian or legal representative) at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the date on which the Participant   s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 
 1.2   Death  .    If the Participant s Service terminates because of the death of the Participant, the Option,  to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares  on the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Participant s death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date.  The Participant s Service shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies within three (3) months after the Participant s termination of Service.  
 6 

1.3    Termination for Cause.    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Option Agreement   to the contrary, if the Participant s Service is   terminated for Cause or if, following the Participant s termination of Service and during any period in which the Option otherwise would remain exercisable, the Participant engages in any act that would constitute Cause, the Option shall terminate in its e  ntirety and cease to be exercisable immediately upon such termination of Service or act.  
 1.4   Other Termination of Service  .    If the Participant s Service terminates for any reason, except Disability, death or Cause, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares by the Participant on the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant at any time prior to the expiration of three (3) months after the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date.  
 2.   Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law  .   Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than termination of the Participant s Service for Cause, if the exercise of the Option within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 7.1 is prevented by the provisions of Section 4.6, the Option shall remain exercisable until the later of (a) thirty (30) days after the date such exercise first would no longer be prevented by such provisions, or (b) the end of the applicable time period under Section 7.1, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 
    Effect of Change in Control . 
   In the event of a Change in Control, except to the extent that the Committee determines to cash out the Option in accordance with Section 14.1(c) of the Plan, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the     Acquiror    ), may, without the consent of the Participant, assume or continue in full force and effect the Company s rights and obligations under all or any portion of the Option or substitute for all or any portion of the Option a substantially equivalent option for the Acquiror s stock.  For purposes of this Section, the Option or any portion thereof shall be deemed assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Option confers the right to receive, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, for each share of Stock subject to such portion of the Option immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Stock); provided, however, that if such consideration is not solely common stock of the Acquiror, the Committee may, with the consent of the Acquiror, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Option, for each share of Stock subject to the Option, to consist solely of common stock of the Acquiror equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock pursuant to the Change in Control.  The Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation of the Change in Control to the extent that the Option is neither assumed or continued by the Acquiror in connection with the Change in Control nor exercised as of the time of the Change in Control. 
    Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . 
   Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company and the requirements of Sections 409A and 424 of the Code to the extent applicable, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares,  
 7 

exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the s  tockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (excepting normal cash dividends) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock, appropriate and proportionate adjustments shall be made in the number, Exercise Price and kind o  f shares subject to the Option, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Participant s rights under the Option.  For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as  effected without rece  ipt of consideration by the Company.   Any fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the nearest whole cent.  In no event may the E  xercise Price be decreased to an amount less than the par value, if any, of the stock subject to the Option. The Committee in its sole discretion, may also make such adjustments in the terms of the Option to reflect, or related to, such changes in the capi  tal structure of the Company or distributions as it deems appropriate.  All adjustments pursuant to this Section shall be determined by the Committee, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.  
  Rights as a Stockholder, Director, Employee or Consultant . 
 The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares covered by the Option until the date of the issuance of the shares for which the Option has been exercised (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company).  No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date the shares are issued, except as provided in Section 9.  If the Participant is an Employee, the Participant understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in a separate, written employment agreement between a Participating Company and the Participant, the Participant   s employment is  at will  and is for no specified term.  Nothing in this Option Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of a Participating Company or interfere in any way with any right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the Participant   s Service as a Director, an Employee or Consultant, as the case may be, at any time. 
 8 

Notice of Sales Upon Disqualifying Disposition  .  
 The Participant shall dispose of the shares acquired pursuant to the Option only in accordance with the provisions of this Option Agreement.  In addition,  if the Grant Notice designates this Option as an Incentive Stock Option,  the Participant shall (a) promptly notify the Chief Financial Officer of the Company if the Participant disposes of any of the shares acquired pursuant to the Option within one (1) year after the date the Participant exercises all or part of the Option or within two (2) years after the Date of Grant and (b) provide the Company with a description of the circumstances of such disposition.  Until such time as the Participant disposes of such shares in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Option Agreement, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the Company, the Participant shall hold all shares acquired pursuant to the Option in the Participant   s name (and not in the name of any nominee) for the one-year period immediately after the exercise of the Option and the two-year period immediately after Date of Grant.  At any time during the one-year or two-year periods set forth above, the Company may place a legend on any certificate representing shares acquired pursuant to the Option requesting the transfer agent for the Company   s stock to notify the Company of any such transfers.  The obligation of the Participant to notify the Company of any such transfer shall continue notwithstanding that a legend has been placed on the certificate pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
  Legends . 
 The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of stock subject to the provisions of this Option Agreement.  The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares acquired pursuant to the Option in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section.  Unless otherwise specified by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 
  THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED BY THE CORPORATION TO THE REGISTERED HOLDER UPON EXERCISE OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 422 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED ( ISO   ).  IN ORDER TO OBTAIN THE PREFERENTIAL TAX TREATMENT AFFORDED TO ISOs, THE SHARES SHOULD NOT BE TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO [ INSERT DISQUALIFYING DISPOSITION DATE HERE ].  SHOULD THE REGISTERED HOLDER ELECT TO TRANSFER ANY OF THE SHARES PRIOR TO THIS DATE AND FOREGO ISO TAX TREATMENT, THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE SHARES SHALL NOTIFY THE CORPORATION IMMEDIATELY.  THE REGISTERED HOLDER SHALL HOLD ALL SHARES PURCHASED UNDER THE INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION IN THE REGISTERED HOLDER   S NAME (AND NOT IN THE NAME OF ANY NOMINEE) PRIOR TO THIS DATE OR UNTIL TRANSFERRED AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.  
   
  Miscellaneous Provisions . 
   1.   Termination or Amendment.   The Committee may terminate or amend the Plan or the Option at any time; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 8 in connection with a Change in Control, no such termination or amendment may have a materially adverse effect on the Option or any unexercised portion hereof without the consent of the Participant unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with any applicable law or government  
 9 

regulation.  No amendment or addition to this Option Agreement shall be effective unless in writing.  
 2.   Further Instruments.    The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Option Agreement.  
 3.   Binding Effect.   This Option Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the  Participant s  heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 4.   Delivery of Documents and Notices.   Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Option Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by a Participating Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address of such party set forth in the Grant Notice or at such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the other party. 
   4.1   Description of Electronic Delivery.   The Plan documents, which may include but do not necessarily include: the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan Prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company s stockholders, may be delivered to the Participant electronically.  In addition, if permitted by the Company, the Participant may deliver electronically the Grant Notice and Exercise Notice called for by Section 4.2 to the Company or to such third party involved in administering the Plan as the Company may designate from time to time.  Such means of electronic delivery may include but do not necessarily include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the Internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 
   4.2   Consent to Electronic Delivery.    The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read Section 13.4(a) of this Option Agreement and consents to the electronic delivery of the Plan documents and, if permitted by the Company, the delivery of the Grant Notice and Exercise Notice, as described in Section 13.4(a).  The Participant acknowledges that he or she may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost to the Participant by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing.  The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails.  Similarly, the Participant  u nderstands that the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails.  The Participant may revoke his or her consent to the electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.4(a) or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if the Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail.  Finally, the Participant understands that he or she is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.4(a).  
 10 

5.    Integrated Agreement.    The Grant Notice, this Option Agreement and the Plan, together with the Superseding Agreement, if any, shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Participant and the Participating Company Group wi  th respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to such subject matter.  To the extent   contemplated herein, the provisions of the Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan shall survive any exercise of the Option and shall remain in full force and effect.  
 6.   Applicable Law.   This Option Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of California. 
 7.   Counterparts.   The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
   
 11 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 extr-ex102_7.htm
 EX-10.2

extr-ex102_7.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
   
 EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS 
 (For U.S. Participants) 
   
 Extreme Networks, Inc. (the     Company    ) has granted to the Participant an award (the     Award    ) of certain units pursuant to the Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the     Plan    ), each of which represents the right to receive on the applicable Settlement Date one (1) share of Stock, as follows:  

Participant:  
 
 %%FIRST_NAME%-% %%LAST_NAME%-% 

Employee ID:  
 
 %%EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER%-%  

Date of Grant:  
 
 %%OPTION_DATE%-%  

Total Number of Units:  
 
 %%TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED%-%, subject to adjustment as provided by the Performance Stock Units Agreement.  

Settlement Date:  
 
 Except as provided by the Performance Stock Units Agreement, the date on which a Unit becomes a Vested Unit.  

Eligible Units:  
 
 The Total Number of Units will become Eligible Units on 
   
 %%PERFORMANCE TERMS%-% 

Vested Units:  
 
 Except as provided in the Performance Stock Units Agreement and provided that the Participant s Service has not terminated prior to the applicable date, Eligible Units shall become Vested Units as follows: 
  Vesting Date  Number of Units Vesting  
   
 Eligibility Date%%SHARES_PERIOD1%-% 
   
 %%VEST_DATE_PERIOD2%-%%%SHARES_PERIOD2%-% 
 %%VEST_DATE_PERIOD3%-%%%SHARES_PERIOD3%-% 

Superseding Agreement:  
 
 None  

By the Company s authorized signature below and the Participant s by electronic acceptance in a form authorized by the Company, the Company and the Participant agree that the Award is governed by this Grant Notice and by the provisions of the Performance Stock Units Agreement and the Plan, both of which are made a part of this document, and by the Superseding Agreement, if any.  The Participant acknowledges that copies of the Plan, the Performance Stock Units Agreement and the prospectus for the Plan are available on the Company s internal web site and may be viewed and printed by the Participant for attachment to the Participant s copy of this Grant Notice.  The Participant represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the provisions of the Performance Stock Units Agreement and the Plan, and hereby accepts the Award subject to all of their terms and conditions. 

ATTACHMENTS:   
 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to the Date of Grant; Performance Stock Units Agreement and Plan Prospectus    

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT 
 (For U.S. Participants)  
   
 1 

Extreme Networks, Inc. has granted to the Participant named in the   Notice of Grant of Performance Stock Units   (the      Grant   Notice     ) to which this Performance Stock Units Agreement (the      Agreement     ) is attached an Award consisting of Performance Stock Units (each a      Unit     ) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Agreement.  The Award has been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms con  ditions of the Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the      Plan     ), as amended to the Date of Grant, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference.  By signing the Grant Notice, the   Participant  : (a) acknowledges receipt of and rep  resents that the   Participant   has read and is familiar with the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan and   a prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the shares issuable pursuant to   the Award (the      Plan Prospectus     )  , (b) accepts the Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee   upon any questions arising under the Grant Notice, this Agreement or the Plan.  
 1.   Definitions and Construction  .  
 1.1   Definitions  .   Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Grant Notice or the Plan. 
 1.2   Construction  .   Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.  Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.  Use of the term  or  is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 2.   Administration  .  
 All questions of interpretation concerning the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan or any other form of agreement or other document employed by the Company in the administration of the Plan or the Award shall be determined by the Committee.  All such determinations by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an interest in the Award, unless fraudulent or made in bad faith.  Any and all actions, decisions and determinations taken or made by the Committee in the exercise of its discretion pursuant to the Plan or the Award or other agreement thereunder (other than determining questions of interpretation pursuant to the preceding sentence) shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an interest in the Award.  Any Officer shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, or election. 
 3.   The Award  .  
 3.1   Grant of Units.   On the Date of Grant, the Participant shall acquire, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Total Number of Units set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9.  Each Unit represents a right to receive on a date determined in accordance with the Grant Notice and this Agreement one (1) share of Stock. 
   3.2   No Monetary Payment Required.   The Participant is not required to make any monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding, if any) as a condition to receiving the Units or shares of Stock issued upon settlement of the Units, the consideration for which shall be past services actually rendered or future services to be rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if required by applicable law, the Participant shall  
 2 

furnish consideration in the form of cash or past services rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit havin  g a value not less than the par value of the shares of Stock issued upon settlement of the Units.  
 4.   Vesting of Units . 
 Units acquired pursuant to this Agreement shall become Vested Units as provided in the Grant Notice.  For purposes of determining the number of Vested Units following an Ownership Change Event, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after the Ownership Change Event. 
 5.   Company Reacquisition Right  .  
 5.1   Grant of Company Reacquisition Right.   Except to the extent otherwise provided by the Superseding Agreement, if any, in the event that the Participant   s Service terminates for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, the Participant shall forfeit and the Company shall automatically reacquire all Units which are not, as of the time of such termination, Vested Units (  Unvested Units   ) , and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment therefor (the   Company Reacquisition Right  ). 
 5.2   Ownership Change Event, Non-Cash Dividends, Distributions and Adjustments  .   Upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change Event, a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company paid in shares of Stock or other property, or any other adjustment upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 9, any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property (other than regular, periodic cash dividends paid on Stock pursuant to the Company s dividend policy) to which the Participant is entitled by reason of the Participant s ownership of Unvested Units shall be immediately subject to the Company Reacquisition Right and included in the terms  Units  and  Unvested Units  for all purposes of the Company Reacquisition Right with the same force and effect as the Unvested Units immediately prior to the Ownership Change Event, dividend, distribution or adjustment, as the case may be.  For purposes of determining the number of Vested Units following an Ownership Change Event, dividend, distribution or adjustment, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after any such event. 
   6.   Settlement of the Award  .  
 6.1   Issuance of Shares of Stock  .   Subject to the provisions of Section 6.3, the Company shall issue to the Participant on the Settlement Date with respect to each Vested Unit to be settled on such date one (1) share of Stock.  The Settlement Date with respect to a Unit shall be the date on which such Unit becomes a Vested Unit  as provided by the Grant Notice (an     Original Settlement Date    ); provided, however, that if the Original Settlement Date would occur on a date on which a sale by the Participant of the shares to be issued in settlement of the Vested Units would violate the Trading Compliance Policy of the Company, the Settlement Date for such Vested Units shall be deferred until the next day on which the sale of such shares would not violate the Trading Compliance Policy, but in any event on or before the 15th day of the third calendar month following calendar year of the Original Settlement Date.  Shares of Stock issued in settlement of Units shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer other than any such restriction as may be required pursuant to Section 6.3, Section 7 or the Company s Trading Compliance Policy. 
   6.2   Beneficial Ownership of Shares; Certificate Registration  .    The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit any or all shares   
 3 

acquired by the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Award with the Company s tra  nsfer agent, including any successor transfer agent, to be held in book entry form, or to deposit such shares for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice.  Except   as provided by the foregoing, a certificate for the shares acquired by the Participant shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant.  
   6.3   Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares  .   The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities.  No shares of Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed.  The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares subject to the Award shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.  As a condition to the settlement of the Award, the Company may require the  Participant  to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 
 6.4   Fractional Shares  .   The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the settlement of the Award. 
   7.   Tax Withholding  .  
 7.1   In General.   At the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by a Participating Company, the  Participant  hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the  Participant , and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax (including any social insurance) withholding obligations of the Participating Company, if any, which arise in connection with the Award, the vesting of Units or the issuance of shares of Stock in settlement thereof.  The Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Stock until the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company have been satisfied by the  Participant . 
 7.2   Assignment of Sale Proceeds.   Subject to compliance with applicable law and the Company s Trading Compliance Policy, if permitted by the Company, the Participant may satisfy the Participating Company s tax withholding obligations in accordance with procedures established by the Company providing for delivery by the Participant to the Company or a broker approved by the Company of properly executed instructions, in a form approved by the Company, providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale with respect to some or all of the shares being acquired upon settlement of Units. 
   7.3   Withholding in Shares.   The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Participant to satisfy all or any portion of a Participating Company s tax withholding obligations by deducting from the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant in settlement of the Award a number of whole shares having a fair market value, as determined by the Company as of the date on which the tax withholding obligations arise, not in excess of the amount of such tax withholding obligations determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates. 
 4 

8.    Effect of Change in Control  .  
 In the event of a Change in Control, except to the extent that the Committee determines to cash out the Award in accordance with Section 14.1(c) of the Plan, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the   Acquiror  ), may, without the consent of the Participant, assume or continue in full force and effect the Company s rights and obligations under all or any portion of the outstanding Units or substitute for all or any portion of the outstanding Units substantially equivalent rights with respect to the Acquiror s stock.  For purposes of this Section, a Unit shall be deemed assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Unit confers the right to receive, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled ( and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Stock) ; provided, however, that if such consideration is not solely common stock of the Acquiror, the Committee may, with the consent of the Acquiror, provide for the consideration to be received upon settlement of the Unit to consist solely of common stock of the Acquiror equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock pursuant to the Change in Control.  The Award shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation or the Change in Control to the extent that Units subject to the Award are neither assumed or continued by the Acquiror in connection with the Change in Control nor settled as of the time of the Change in Control. 
   9.   Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure  .  
 Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company and the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (other than regular, periodic cash dividends paid on Stock pursuant to the Company s dividend policy) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock, appropriate and proportionate adjustments shall be made in the number of Units subject to the Award and/or the number and kind of shares or other property to be issued in settlement of the Award, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Participant s rights under the Award.  For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as  effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.   Any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property (other than regular, periodic cash dividends paid on Stock pursuant to the Company s dividend policy) to which the Participant is entitled by reason of ownership of Units acquired pursuant to this Award will be immediately subject to the provisions of this Award on the same basis as all Units originally acquired hereunder.  Any fractional Unit or share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number.  Such adjustments shall be determined by the Committee, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 10.   Rights as a Stockholder, Director, Employee or Consultant  .  
   The  Participant  shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares which may be issued in settlement of this Award until the date of the issuance of such shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company).  No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights  
 5 

for which the record date is prior to the date the shares are issued, except as provided in Section   9  .  If the Participant is an Employee, the Participant understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in a separate, written employment agreement between a Participating C  ompany and the Participant, the Participant     s employment is  at will  and is for no specified term.  Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the   Participant   any right to continue in the Service of a Participating Company or interfere in any way with an  y right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the   Participant   s Service at any time.  
 11.   Legends  .  
 The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of stock issued pursuant to this Agreement.  The  Participant  shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares acquired pursuant to this Award in the possession of the  Participant  in order to carry out the provisions of this Section. 
 12.   Compliance with Section 409A  .  
 It is intended that any election, payment or benefit which is made or provided pursuant to or in connection with this Award that may result in Section 409A Deferred Compensation shall comply in all respects with the applicable requirements of Section 409A (including applicable regulations or other administrative guidance thereunder, as determined by the Committee in good faith) to avoid the unfavorable tax consequences provided therein for non compliance.  In connection with effecting such compliance with Section 409A, the following shall apply: 
 12.1   Separation from Service; Required Delay in Payment to Specified Employee.   Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Agreement on account of the Participant s termination of Service which constitutes a  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A of the Code (the     Section 409A Regulations    ) shall be paid unless and until the Participant has incurred a  separation from service  within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations.  Furthermore, to the extent that the Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations as of the date of the Participant s separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of the Participant s separation from service shall be paid to the Participant before the date (the     Delayed Payment Date    ) which is first day of the seventh month after the date of the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death following such separation from service.  All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 12.2   Other Changes in Time of Payment.   Neither the Participant nor the Company shall take any action to accelerate or delay the payment of any benefits under this Agreement in any manner which would not be in compliance with the Section 409A Regulations. 
   12.3   Amendments to Comply with Section 409A; Indemnification.   Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company is authorized to amend this Agreement, to void or amend any election made by the Participant under this Agreement and/or to delay the payment of any monies and/or provision of any benefits in such manner as may be determined by the Company, in its discretion, to be necessary or appropriate to comply with the Section 409A Regulations without prior notice to or consent of the Participant.  The Participant hereby releases and holds harmless the Company, its directors, officers and stockholders from any and all claims that may arise from or relate to any tax liability, penalties,  
 6 

interest, costs, fees or other liability incurred by the Participant in connection with the Award, including as a result of the application of Section 409A.  
 12.4   Advice of Independent Tax Advisor.   The Company has not obtained a tax ruling or other confirmation from the Internal Revenue Service with regard to the application of Section 409A to the Award, and the Company does not represent or warrant that this Agreement will avoid adverse tax consequences to the Participant, including as a result of the application of Section 409A to the Award.  The Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has been advised to seek the advice of his or her own independent tax advisor prior to entering into this Agreement and is not relying upon any representations of the Company or any of its agents as to the effect of or the advisability of entering into this Agreement. 
 13.   Miscellaneous Provisions  .  
 13.1   Termination or Amendment.   The Committee may terminate or amend the Plan or this Agreement at any time; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 8 in connection with a Change in Control, no such termination or amendment may have a materially adverse effect on the Participant s rights under this Agreement without the consent of the  Participant unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law or government regulation, including, but not limited to, Section 409A .  No amendment or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. 
 13.2   Nontransferability of the Award.   Prior to the issuance of shares of Stock on the applicable Settlement Date, neither this Award nor any Units subject to this Award shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 
 13.3   Further Instruments.   The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
 13.4   Binding Effect.   This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 13.5   Delivery of Documents and Notices.   Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by a Participating Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address of such party set forth in the Grant Notice or at such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the other party. 
     (a)   Description of Electronic Delivery.   The Plan documents, which may include but do not necessarily include: the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan Prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company s stockholders, may be delivered to the Participant electronically.  In addition, if permitted by the Company, the Participant may deliver electronically the Grant Notice to the Company or to such third party  
 7 

involve  d in administering the Plan as the Company may designate from time to time.  Such means of electronic delivery may include but do not necessarily include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the Internet site of a third party involved in adminis  tering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company.  
   (b)   Consent to Electronic Delivery.    The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read Section 13.5(a) of this Agreement and consents to the electronic delivery of the Plan documents and, if permitted by the Company, the delivery of the Grant Notice, as described in Section 13.5(a).  The Participant acknowledges that he or she may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost to the Participant by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing.  The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails.  Similarly, the Participant  u nderstands that the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails.  The Participant may revoke his or her consent to the electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.5(a) or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail.  Finally, the Participant understands that he or she is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.5(a).  
 13.6   Integrated Agreement.   The Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan, together with the Superseding Agreement, if any, shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the  Participant  and the Participating Company Group with respect to the subject matter contained herein or therein and supersede any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the  Participant  and the Participating Company Group with respect to such subject matter.  To the extent contemplated herein or therein, the provisions of the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan shall survive any settlement of the Award and shall remain in full force and effect. 
 13.7   Applicable Law.   This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of California. 
 13.8   Counterparts.   The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 extr-ex103_10.htm
 EX-10.3

extr-ex103_10.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
 EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 (For U.S. Participants) 
   
 Extreme Networks, Inc. (the     Company    ) has granted to the Participant an award (the     Award    ) of certain units pursuant to the Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the     Plan    ), each of which represents the right to receive on the applicable Settlement Date one (1) share of Stock, as follows:  

Participant:  
 
 %%FIRST_NAME%-% %%LAST_NAME%-% 

Employee ID:  
 
 %%EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER%-%  

Date of Grant:  
 
 %%OPTION_DATE%-%  

Total Number of Units:  
 
 %%TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED%-%, subject to adjustment as provided by the Restricted Stock Units Agreement.  

Settlement Date:  
 
 Except as provided by the Restricted Stock Units Agreement, the date on which a Unit becomes a Vested Unit.  

Vesting Start Date:  
 
 %%VEST_BASE_DATE%-%  

Vested Units:  
 
 Except as provided in the Restricted Stock Units Agreement and provided that the Participant s Service has not terminated prior to the applicable date, as follows: 
  Vesting Date  Number of Units Vesting  
   
 %%VEST_DATE_PERIOD1%-%%%SHARES_PERIOD1%-% 
 %%VEST_DATE_PERIOD2%-%%%SHARES_PERIOD2%-% 
 %%VEST_DATE_PERIOD3%-%%%SHARES_PERIOD3%-% 
 %%VEST_DATE_PERIOD4%-%%%SHARES_PERIOD4%-% 

Superseding Agreement:  
 
 Extreme Networks, Inc Restricted Stock Units Agreement  

The terms and conditions of the foregoing Superseding Agreement to which the Participant is a party shall, notwithstanding any provision of the Restricted Stock Units Agreement to the contrary, supersede any inconsistent term or condition set forth in the Restricted Stock Units Agreement to the extent intended by such Superseding Agreement. 

By the Company s authorized signature below and the Participant s by electronic acceptance in a form authorized by the Company, the Company and the Participant agree that the Award is governed by this Grant Notice and by the provisions of the Restricted Stock Units Agreement and the Plan, both of which are made a part of this document, and by the Superseding Agreement, if any.  The Participant acknowledges that copies of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units Agreement and the prospectus for the Plan are available on the Company s internal web site and may be viewed and printed by the Participant for attachment to the Participant s copy of this Grant Notice.  The Participant represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the provisions of the Restricted Stock Units Agreement and the Plan, and hereby accepts the Award subject to all of their terms and conditions. 

ATTACHMENTS:   
 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to the Date of Grant; Restricted Stock Units Agreement and Plan Prospectus    

1 

EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT 
 (For U.S. Participants)  
   
 Extreme Networks, Inc. has granted to the Participant named in the  Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units  (the     Grant Notice    ) to which this Restricted Stock Units Agreement (the     Agreement    ) is attached an Award consisting of Restricted Stock Units (each a     Unit    ) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Agreement.  The Award has been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms conditions of the Extreme Networks, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the     Plan    ), as amended to the Date of Grant, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference.  By signing the Grant Notice, the  Participant : (a) acknowledges receipt of and represents that the  Participant  has read and is familiar with the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan and  a prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the shares issuable pursuant to the Award (the      Plan Prospectus     ) , (b) accepts the Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Grant Notice, this Agreement or the Plan. 
 1.   Definitions and Construction  .  
 1.1   Definitions  .   Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Grant Notice or the Plan. 
 1.2   Construction  .   Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.  Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.  Use of the term  or  is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 2.   Administration  .  
 All questions of interpretation concerning the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan or any other form of agreement or other document employed by the Company in the administration of the Plan or the Award shall be determined by the Committee.  All such determinations by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an interest in the Award, unless fraudulent or made in bad faith.  Any and all actions, decisions and determinations taken or made by the Committee in the exercise of its discretion pursuant to the Plan or the Award or other agreement thereunder (other than determining questions of interpretation pursuant to the preceding sentence) shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons having an interest in the Award.  Any Officer shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, or election. 
 3.   The Award  .  
 3.1   Grant of Units.   On the Date of Grant, the Participant shall acquire, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Total Number of Units set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9.  Each Unit represents a right to receive on a date determined in accordance with the Grant Notice and this Agreement one (1) share of Stock. 
 2 

3.2    No Monetary Payment Required.    The Partici  pant is not required to make any monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding, if any) as a condition to receiving the Units or shares of Stock issued upon settlement of the Units, the consideration for which shall be past services actually rend  ered or future services to be rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if required by applicable law, the Participant shall furnish consideration in the form of cash or past services rendered to a Participatin  g Company or for its benefit having a value not less than the par value of the shares of Stock issued upon settlement of the Units.  
 4.   Vesting of Units . 
 Units acquired pursuant to this Agreement shall become Vested Units as provided in the Grant Notice.  For purposes of determining the number of Vested Units following an Ownership Change Event, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after the Ownership Change Event. 
 5.   Company Reacquisition Right  .  
 5.1   Grant of Company Reacquisition Right.   Except to the extent otherwise provided by the Superseding Agreement, if any, in the event that the Participant   s Service terminates for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, the Participant shall forfeit and the Company shall automatically reacquire all Units which are not, as of the time of such termination, Vested Units (  Unvested Units   ) , and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment therefor (the   Company Reacquisition Right  ). 
 5.2   Ownership Change Event, Non-Cash Dividends, Distributions and Adjustments  .   Upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change Event, a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company paid in shares of Stock or other property, or any other adjustment upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 9, any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property (other than regular, periodic cash dividends paid on Stock pursuant to the Company s dividend policy) to which the Participant is entitled by reason of the Participant s ownership of Unvested Units shall be immediately subject to the Company Reacquisition Right and included in the terms  Units  and  Unvested Units  for all purposes of the Company Reacquisition Right with the same force and effect as the Unvested Units immediately prior to the Ownership Change Event, dividend, distribution or adjustment, as the case may be.  For purposes of determining the number of Vested Units following an Ownership Change Event, dividend, distribution or adjustment, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after any such event. 
   6.   Settlement of the Award  .  
   6.1   Issuance of Shares of Stock  .   Subject to the provisions of Section 6.3, the Company shall issue to the Participant on the Settlement Date with respect to each Vested Unit to be settled on such date one (1) share of Stock.  The Settlement Date with respect to a Unit shall be the date on which such Unit becomes a Vested Unit  as provided by the Grant Notice (an     Original Settlement Date    ); provided, however, that if the Original Settlement Date would occur on a date on which a sale by the Participant of the shares to be issued in settlement of the Vested Units would violate the Trading Compliance Policy of the Company, the Settlement Date for such Vested Units shall be deferred until the next day on which the sale of such shares would not violate the Trading Compliance Policy, but in any event on or before the 15th day of the third calendar month  
 3 

following calendar year of the Original Settlement Date.  Shares of Stock issued in settlement of Units shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer other than any such restriction as may be required pursuant to Section   6.3  , Section   7   or the Company s Trading Compliance P  olicy.  
 6.2   Beneficial Ownership of Shares; Certificate Registration  .    The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit any or all shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Award with the Company s transfer agent, including any successor transfer agent, to be held in book entry form, or to deposit such shares for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice.  Except as provided by the foregoing, a certificate for the shares acquired by the Participant shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant.  
   6.3   Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares  .   The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities.  No shares of Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed.  The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares subject to the Award shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.  As a condition to the settlement of the Award, the Company may require the  Participant  to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 
 6.4   Fractional Shares  .   The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the settlement of the Award. 
   7.   Tax Withholding  .  
 7.1   In General.   At the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by a Participating Company, the  Participant  hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the  Participant , and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax (including any social insurance) withholding obligations of the Participating Company, if any, which arise in connection with the Award, the vesting of Units or the issuance of shares of Stock in settlement thereof.  The Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Stock until the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company have been satisfied by the  Participant . 
 7.2   Assignment of Sale Proceeds.   Subject to compliance with applicable law and the Company s Trading Compliance Policy, if permitted by the Company, the Participant may satisfy the Participating Company s tax withholding obligations in accordance with procedures established by the Company providing for delivery by the Participant to the Company or a broker approved by the Company of properly executed instructions, in a form approved by the Company, providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale with respect to some or all of the shares being acquired upon settlement of Units. 
     7.3   Withholding in Shares.   The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Participant to satisfy all or any portion of a Participating Company s tax  
 4 

withholding obligations by deducting from the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant in settlement of the Award a number of whole shares having a fair market value, as determined by the Company a  s of the date on which the tax withholding obligations arise, not in excess of the amount of such tax withholding obligations determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates.  
   8.   Effect of Change in Control  .  
 In the event of a Change in Control, except to the extent that the Committee determines to cash out the Award in accordance with Section 14.1(c) of the Plan, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the   Acquiror  ), may, without the consent of the Participant, assume or continue in full force and effect the Company s rights and obligations under all or any portion of the outstanding Units or substitute for all or any portion of the outstanding Units substantially equivalent rights with respect to the Acquiror s stock.  For purposes of this Section, a Unit shall be deemed assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Unit confers the right to receive, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled ( and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Stock) ; provided, however, that if such consideration is not solely common stock of the Acquiror, the Committee may, with the consent of the Acquiror, provide for the consideration to be received upon settlement of the Unit to consist solely of common stock of the Acquiror equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock pursuant to the Change in Control.  The Award shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation or the Change in Control to the extent that Units subject to the Award are neither assumed or continued by the Acquiror in connection with the Change in Control nor settled as of the time of the Change in Control. 
   9.   Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure  .  
 Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company and the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the extent applicable, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (other than regular, periodic cash dividends paid on Stock pursuant to the Company s dividend policy) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock, appropriate and proportionate adjustments shall be made in the number of Units subject to the Award and/or the number and kind of shares or other property to be issued in settlement of the Award, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Participant s rights under the Award.  For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as  effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.   Any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property (other than regular, periodic cash dividends paid on Stock pursuant to the Company s dividend policy) to which the Participant is entitled by reason of ownership of Units acquired pursuant to this Award will be immediately subject to the provisions of this Award on the same basis as all Units originally acquired hereunder.  Any fractional Unit or share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number.  Such adjustments shall be determined by the Committee, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 5 

10.    Rights as a Stockholder, Director, Employee or Consultant  .  
 The  Participant  shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares which may be issued in settlement of this Award until the date of the issuance of such shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company).  No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date the shares are issued, except as provided in Section 9.  If the Participant is an Employee, the Participant understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in a separate, written employment agreement between a Participating Company and the Participant, the Participant   s employment is  at will  and is for no specified term.  Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the  Participant  any right to continue in the Service of a Participating Company or interfere in any way with any right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the  Participant  s Service at any time. 
 11.   Legends  .  
 The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of stock issued pursuant to this Agreement.  The  Participant  shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares acquired pursuant to this Award in the possession of the  Participant  in order to carry out the provisions of this Section. 
 12.   Compliance with Section 409A  .  
 It is intended that any election, payment or benefit which is made or provided pursuant to or in connection with this Award that may result in Section 409A Deferred Compensation shall comply in all respects with the applicable requirements of Section 409A (including applicable regulations or other administrative guidance thereunder, as determined by the Committee in good faith) to avoid the unfavorable tax consequences provided therein for non compliance.  In connection with effecting such compliance with Section 409A, the following shall apply: 
 12.1   Separation from Service; Required Delay in Payment to Specified Employee.   Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Agreement on account of the Participant s termination of Service which constitutes a  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A of the Code (the     Section 409A Regulations    ) shall be paid unless and until the Participant has incurred a  separation from service  within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations.  Furthermore, to the extent that the Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations as of the date of the Participant s separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of the Participant s separation from service shall be paid to the Participant before the date (the     Delayed Payment Date    ) which is first day of the seventh month after the date of the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death following such separation from service.  All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 12.2   Other Changes in Time of Payment.   Neither the Participant nor the Company shall take any action to accelerate or delay the payment of any benefits under this Agreement in any manner which would not be in compliance with the Section 409A Regulations. 
 6 

12.3    Amendments to Comply with Section 409A; Indemnification.    Notwithstandin  g any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company is authorized to amend this Agreement, to void or amend any election made by the Participant under this Agreement and/or to delay the payment of any monies and/or provision of any benefit  s in such manner as may be determined by the Company, in its discretion, to be necessary or appropriate to comply with the Section 409A Regulations without prior notice to or consent of the Participant.    The Participant hereby releases and holds harmless t  he Company, its directors, officers and stockholders from any and all claims that may arise from or relate to any tax liability, penalties, interest, costs, fees or other liability incurred by the Participant in connection with the Award, including as a re  sult of the application of Section 409A.  
 12.4   Advice of Independent Tax Advisor.   The Company has not obtained a tax ruling or other confirmation from the Internal Revenue Service with regard to the application of Section 409A to the Award, and the Company does not represent or warrant that this Agreement will avoid adverse tax consequences to the Participant, including as a result of the application of Section 409A to the Award.  The Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has been advised to seek the advice of his or her own independent tax advisor prior to entering into this Agreement and is not relying upon any representations of the Company or any of its agents as to the effect of or the advisability of entering into this Agreement. 
 13.   Miscellaneous Provisions  .  
 13.1   Termination or Amendment.   The Committee may terminate or amend the Plan or this Agreement at any time; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 8 in connection with a Change in Control, no such termination or amendment may have a materially adverse effect on the Participant s rights under this Agreement without the consent of the  Participant unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law or government regulation, including, but not limited to, Section 409A .  No amendment or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. 
 13.2   Nontransferability of the Award.   Prior to the issuance of shares of Stock on the applicable Settlement Date, neither this Award nor any Units subject to this Award shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 
 13.3   Further Instruments.   The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
 13.4   Binding Effect.   This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
   13.5   Delivery of Documents and Notices.   Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by a Participating Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a  
 7 

nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address of such party set forth in the Grant Notice or at such other address as such party may   designate in writing from time to time to the other party.  
   (a)   Description of Electronic Delivery.   The Plan documents, which may include but do not necessarily include: the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan Prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company s stockholders, may be delivered to the Participant electronically.  In addition, if permitted by the Company, the Participant may deliver electronically the Grant Notice to the Company or to such third party involved in administering the Plan as the Company may designate from time to time.  Such means of electronic delivery may include but do not necessarily include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the Internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 
   (b)   Consent to Electronic Delivery.    The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read Section 13.5(a) of this Agreement and consents to the electronic delivery of the Plan documents and, if permitted by the Company, the delivery of the Grant Notice, as described in Section 13.5(a).  The Participant acknowledges that he or she may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost to the Participant by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing.  The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails.  Similarly, the Participant  u nderstands that the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails.  The Participant may revoke his or her consent to the electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.5(a) or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail.  Finally, the Participant understands that he or she is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.5(a).  
 13.6   Integrated Agreement.   The Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan, together with the Superseding Agreement, if any, shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the  Participant  and the Participating Company Group with respect to the subject matter contained herein or therein and supersede any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the  Participant  and the Participating Company Group with respect to such subject matter.  To the extent contemplated herein or therein, the provisions of the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan shall survive any settlement of the Award and shall remain in full force and effect. 
 13.7   Applicable Law.   This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of California. 
 13.8   Counterparts.   The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8 

9  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 extr-ex104_370.htm
 EX-10.4

extr-ex104_370.htm

Exhibit 10.4 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
   
 SILICON VALLEY BANK 
 $140,500,000 SENIOR SECURED CREDIT FACILITIES 
   
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 28, 2016, 
 among 
 extreme networks, inc., 
 as the Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO, 
 and 
 SILICON VALLEY BANK, 
 as Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender 
   
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. ,  
 as Sole Syndication Agent, 
 CADENCE BANK, N.A. ,  
 as Sole Documentation Agent, 
 SILICON VALLEY BANK, 
 as Sole Book Manager 
 and 
 SILICON VALLEY BANK  and  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. ,  
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

Table of Contents 
 Page 

-i-  

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

-ii-  

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

-iii-  

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

-iv-  

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
    SCHEDULES  

Schedule 1.1A:  

Commitments  

Schedule 1.1B:  

Existing Letters of Credit  

Schedule 4.4:  

Governmental Approvals, Consents, Authorizations, Filings and Notices  

Schedule 4.5:  

Requirements of Law  

Schedule 4.6:  

Litigation  

Schedule 4.15:  

Subsidiaries  

Schedule 4.17:  

Environmental Matters  

Schedule 4.19(a):  

Financing Statements and Other Filings  

Schedule 7.2(d):  

Existing Indebtedness  

Schedule 7.3(f):  

Existing Liens  

Schedule 7.8  

Existing Investments  

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A:  

Form of Guarantee and Collateral Agreement  

Exhibit B:  

Form of Compliance Certificate  

Exhibit C:  

Form of Secretary s Certificate  

Exhibit D:  

Form of Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate  

Exhibit E:  

Form of Assignment and Assumption  

Exhibits F-1   F-4:  

Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates  

Exhibit G:  

Form of Addendum  

Exhibit H-1:  

Form of Revolving Loan Note  

Exhibit H-2:  

Form of Swingline Loan Note  

Exhibit H-3:  

Form of Term Loan Note  

Exhibit I:  

Form of Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent  

Exhibit J:  

Reserved  

Exhibit K:  

Form of Notice of Borrowing  

Exhibit L:  

Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation  

-vi-  

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT  
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ), dated as of October 28, 2016, is entered into by and among EXTREME NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the   Borrower  ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (each a   Lender   and, collectively, the   Lenders  ), SILICON VALLEY BANK, as the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender (as such terms are defined below), and SILICON VALLEY BANK (  SVB  ), as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the   Administrative Agent  ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS,  the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and SVB, in its capacity as  Administrative Agent  thereunder, are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2013, as amended prior to the date hereof (as so amended, the    Existing Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the lenders party thereto provided both term loan and revolving loan credit facilities (the    Existing Credit Facilities   ) to the Borrower, and the credit facilities under such Existing Credit Agreement were used by the Borrower, in part, to acquire the Equity Interests of Enterasys Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Enterasys     
 WHEREAS , the Borrower desires to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Agreement and, in connection therewith, to obtain financing (a) to finance all or a portion of the consideration payable by the Borrower in connection with the acquisition by the Borrower of certain assets held by Zebra Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   Zebra Technologies   ) and certain of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined below) and the other Asset Acquisition Documents (as such term is defined below) (such transaction being the    Asset Acquisition   ), (b) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Asset Acquisition and the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, (c) to finance Permitted Acquisitions, (d) to provide ongoing working capital, and (e) for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;   
 WHEREAS , the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement and the Lenders have agreed to extend certain credit facilities to the Borrower, upon the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $140,500,000, consisting of a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $90,500,000, a revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $50,000,000, a letter of credit sub-facility in the aggregate availability amount of $10,000,000 (as a sublimit of the revolving loan facility), and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate availability amount of $5,000,000 (as a sublimit of the revolving loan facility);  
 WHEREAS , this Agreement amends, restates, supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement, and is not intended to, and will not, act as a novation of the Obligations and other indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Borrower thereunder; and  
 WHEREAS , each of the Guarantors has evidenced its guarantee of the Secured Obligations of the Loan Parties and secured such guaranteed Secured Obligations by granting to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority lien (subject to Liens permitted by the Loan Documents) in substantially all of such Guarantor s personal property assets (other than any Excluded Assets) pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and the other Security Documents.  
 1 

NOW, THEREFORE  , the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:  
   Section 1   DEFINITIONS 
   1.1 Defined Terms  .  As used in this Agreement (including the recitals hereof), the terms listed in this   Section 1.1   shall have the respective meanings set forth in this   Section 1.1  .  
  2013 Closing Date  :  October 31, 2013, the date of the advance of the initial loans under the Existing Credit Agreement.  
     2013 Collateral Information Certificate   :  the Collateral Information Certificate executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to on or about the 2013 Closing Date pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement.  
   2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition  :  the acquisition by the Borrower of the stock of Enterasys, as more fully described in the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Agreement. 
   2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Agreement  :  that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2013, between the Borrower and Enterprise (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof). 
   2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation  : collectively, the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Agreement and all schedules, exhibits and annexes thereto and all side letters and agreements affecting the terms thereof or entered into in connection therewith. 
   ABR  :  for any day, a rate per annum equal to the  highest  of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day  plus  0.50%, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate  plus  1%;  provided  that in no event shall the ABR be deemed to be less than 0%.  Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Eurodollar Rate, as the case may be, shall be effective as of the opening of business on the effective day of the change in such rate.  
   ABR Loans  :  Loans, the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the ABR. 
   Account Debtor  :  any Person who may become obligated to any Person under, with respect to, or on account of, an Account, chattel paper or general intangible (including a payment intangible).  Unless otherwise stated, the term  Account Debtor,  when used herein, shall mean an Account Debtor in respect of an Account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
   Accounts  :  all  accounts  (as defined in the UCC) of a Person, including, without limitation, accounts, accounts receivable, monies due or to become due and obligations in any form (whether arising in connection with contracts, contract rights, instruments, general intangibles, or chattel paper), in each case whether arising out of goods sold or services rendered or from any other transaction and whether or not earned by performance, now or hereafter in existence, and all documents of title or other documents representing any of the foregoing, and all collateral security and guaranties of any kind, now or hereafter in existence, given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing.  Unless otherwise stated, the term  Account,  when used herein, shall mean an Account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
   Acquired Assets  :  collectively, the assets acquired by the Borrower from Zebra Technologies pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement and in connection with the Asset Acquisition. 
 2 

Acquired Assets Lien Perfection Qualification   :  has the meaning specified in   Section 5.1(f)(ii)  .  
   Addendum  :  an instrument, substantially in the form of  Exhibit G , by which a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement. 
   Administrative Agent  :  SVB, as the administrative agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with any of its successors in such capacity. 
   Affected Lender  :  as defined in  Section 2.23 . 
   Affiliate  :  with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
   Agent Parties  :  is defined in  Section 10.2(d)(ii) . 
   Aggregate Exposure  :  with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the  sum  of (a) the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Term Loans, (b) the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment then in effect (as decreased pursuant to  Section 2.10 ) or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding, and (c) without duplication of clause (b), the L/C Commitment of such Lender then in effect (as a sublimit of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender). 
   Aggregate Exposure Percentage  :  with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
   Aggregate Outstanding Amount  :  is, at any time, the aggregate amount of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans at such time, plus (c) the aggregate principal balance of any Revolving Loans and any Swingline Loans outstanding at such time, plus (d) the aggregate principal balance of any Term Loans outstanding at such time. 
   Agreement  :  as defined in the preamble hereto. 
   Agreement Currency  :  as defined in  Section 10.19 . 
   Amended and Restated Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement  :  that certain Amended and Restated Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, of near or even date herewith, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which  Amended and Restated Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement  amends and restates in its entirety the Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement. 
   Amended and Restated Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement  :  that certain Amended and Restated Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, of near or even date herewith, between Enterasys and the Administrative Agent, which  Amended and Restated Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement  amends and restates in its entirety the Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement. 
     Amendment and Restatement Date  : the date on which all conditions precedent set forth in  Section 5.1  are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent and, as applicable, the Lenders or the  
 3 

Required Lenders;   provided  ,   however  , that the Amendment and Restatement Date must occur on or prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline, or this Agreement and the Commitments will terminate pursuant to   Section 10.21  .  
   Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate  :  the Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate, dated the Amendment and Restatement Date, delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 5.1(l) , which Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate shall be in substantially the form of  Exhibit D . 
   APA Material Adverse Effect  : has the meaning specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement, as such definition appeared in the most recent draft of the Asset Purchase Agreement reviewed by the Administrative Agent prior to its execution of the Commitment Letter;  provided  that the interpretation of such definition for purposes of determining whether such an  APA Material Adverse Effect  has occurred with respect to the Acquired Assets as of the Amendment and Restatement Date shall be determined under Delaware law (which is the law specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement as governing the Asset Purchase Agreement). 
   APA Representations and Warranties  :  collectively, such of the representations and warranties made by Zebra Technologies in respect of the Acquired Assets in the Asset Purchase Agreement as are material to the interests of the Secured Parties, but only to the extent that the Borrower has the right to terminate the Borrower s obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement (or to decline to consummate the Asset Acquisition) as a result of the breach of any such representation and warranty in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
   Applicable Margin  :   with effect from and after the Amendment and Restatement Date and with respect to each Eurodollar Loan, each ABR Loan (including each Swingline Loan) and each Letter of Credit, the applicable rates per annum set forth under the relevant column heading below:   
 TERM LOANS and revolving LOANS 

SWINGLINE LOANS 

4 

LETTERS OF CREDIT  

***** 
   
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) until the delivery of the Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to  Section 6.2(b)  in connection with the delivery by the Borrower of the consolidated financial statements required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 6.1  in respect of  the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or about September 30, 2016 , the Applicable Margin shall be the rates corresponding to Level III in the foregoing table, (b) if the Borrower fails to deliver the financial statements required by  Section 6.1  and the related Compliance Certificate required by  Section 6.2(b)  by the respective date required thereunder after the end of any related fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the Applicable Margin shall be the rates corresponding to Level III in the foregoing table until such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered (after which delivery the Applicable Margin shall be determined with reference to such financial statements and Compliance Certificate), and (c) no reduction of the Applicable Margin shall become effective at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Loan Parties or for any other reason, the Administrative Agent determines that (x) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date and with reference to any applicable period then ended was inaccurate and (y) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of such date and with reference to such period would have resulted in different pricing for any period, then (i) if the proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall automatically and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Lenders, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent, an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period; and (ii) if the proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in lower pricing for such period, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to repay any interest or fees to the Borrower, nor shall the Borrower or any other Loan Party have any right of offset against any subsequent payment due and payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document by reason of such lower pricing for such period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth in any Loan Document, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any amounts pursuant to this paragraph as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Loan Parties that occurs after the Discharge of Obligations. 
   Application  :  an application, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting the Issuing Lender to issue a Letter of Credit. 
   Approved Fund  :  any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
   Asset Acquisition  :  has the meaning specified in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 5 

Asset Acquisition Consideration   :  the aggregate amount of the consideration paid by the Borrower to or for the benefit of Zebra Technologies pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement and in connection with the Asset Acquisition.  
   Asset Acquisition Deadline  :  the date occurring 90 days after the effective date of the Commitment Letter. 
   Asset Acquisition Documents  :  collectively, the Asset Purchase Agreement, the German Regulatory Approval, and all schedules, exhibits and annexes thereto and all side letters and agreements affecting the terms thereof or entered into in connection therewith. 
   Asset Purchase Agreement  :  that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2016, between the Borrower and Zebra Technologies (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof). 
   Asset Sale  :  any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property (excluding any such Disposition of property permitted by clauses (a) through (n) of  Section 7.5 ) that yields Net Cash Proceeds to any Group Member (valued at the initial principal amount thereof in the case of non-cash proceeds consisting of notes or other debt securities and valued at fair market value in the case of other non-cash proceeds) in excess of $750,000, for purposes of  Section 6.8(e) . 
   Assignment and Assumption  :  an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by  Section 10.6 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent (to the extent required by  Section 10.6 ), in substantially the form of  Exhibit E , or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
   Assumption Agreement  :  any Assumption Agreement delivered pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Available Revolving Commitments  :  at any time, an amount equal to (a) the Total Revolving Commitments in effect at such time (as decreased pursuant to  Section 2.10 ),  minus  (b) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time,  minus  (c) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans at such time,  minus  (d) the aggregate principal balance of any Revolving Loans outstanding at such time;  provided  that for purposes of calculating any Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit for the purpose of determining such Lender s available Revolving Commitment pursuant to  Section 2.9(b) , the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding shall be deemed to be zero. 
   Average Unused Total Revolving Commitments  :  has the meaning specified in  Section 2.9(b) . 
   Bail-In Action   means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
   Bail-In Legislation   means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
      Bank Services   :   any products, credit services and/or financial accommodations previously, now, or hereafter provided to any Group Member by any Bank Services Provider, including any letters of  
 6 

credit (other than any Letters of Credit provided for the account of the Borrower hereunder), cash management services (including merchant services, direct deposit payroll, business credit cards and check cashing services), interest rate swap arrangements (other than to the extent constituting Specified Swap Agreements), and foreign exchange services (including with respect to FX Contracts), as any such products or services may be identified in such Lender s various agreements related thereto (each, a    Bank Services Agreement   ).  
  Bank Services Agreement  :  as defined in the definition of  Bank Services .  
  Bank Services Provider  :  any Person that (a) at the time that it enters into a Bank Services Agreement or an FX Contract, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a Bank Services Agreement or an FX Contract, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract.   
   Bankruptcy Code  :  Title 11 of the United States Code entitled  Bankruptcy.  
   Benefitted Lender  :  as defined in  Section 10.7(a) . 
   Blocked Person  :  as defined in  Section 7.25 . 
   Board  :  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
   Borrower  :  as defined in the preamble hereto. 
   Borrower Copyright Security Agreement  :  is the Copyright Security Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2015, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), executed pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement  :  is the Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2015, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), executed pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Borrowing Date  :  any Business Day specified by the Borrower in a Notice of Borrowing as a date on which the Borrower requests the relevant Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
   Business  :  as defined in  Section 4.17(b) . 
   Business Day  :  a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of California are authorized or required by law to close;  provided  that with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Eurodollar Loans, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar deposits in the interbank eurodollar market. 
   Capital Lease Obligations  :  as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 7 

Capital Stock   :  any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing from such Person;   provided  ,   however  , that any Indebtedness convertible into Equity Interests shall not constitute Capital Stock prior to the date of any applicable conversion.  
   Cash Collateralize  :  to deposit in a Controlled Account or to pledge and deposit with or deliver to (a) with respect to Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender and one or more of the Lenders, as applicable, as collateral for L/C Exposure or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect thereof, cash or Deposit Account balances having an aggregate value of at least 105% of the L/C Exposure or, if the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Lender; (b) with respect to Obligations arising under any Bank Services Agreement in connection with Bank Services, the applicable Bank Services Provider for its own benefit, as provider of such Bank Services or FX Contracts, cash or Deposit Account balances having an aggregate value of at least 105% of the aggregate amount of the Obligations of the Group Members arising under all such Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts evidencing such Bank Services and FX Contracts; or (c) with respect to Obligations in respect of any Specified Swap Agreements, the applicable Qualified Counterparty, as Collateral for such Obligations, cash or Deposit Account balances or, if such Qualified Counterparty shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to such Qualified Counterparty.    Cash Collateral   shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
   Cash Equivalents  :  (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition; (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued (i) by any Lender or (ii) by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof having combined capital and surplus of not less than $250,000,000; (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at least A-1 by S P or P-1 by Moody s, or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, and maturing within six months from the date of acquisition; (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender or of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than 30 days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government; (e) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by S P or A by Moody  (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition; (g) money market mutual or similar funds that invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition; or (h) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000. 
   Casualty Event  :  any damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking by any Governmental Authority of any property of the Loan Parties. 
 8 

Certificated Securities   :  as defined in   Section 4.19  .  
   Change of Control  :  (a) at any time, any  person  or  group  (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), shall become, or obtain rights (whether by means or warrants, options or otherwise) to become, the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d) 5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 35 % or more  of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Borrower (determined on a fully diluted basis); (b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body, or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; or (c)  at any time, the Borrower shall cease to own and control, of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100% of each class of outstanding Capital Stock of each Guarantor free and clear of all Liens (except Liens permitted by  Section 7.3 ), other than as a result of a Disposition permitted by  Section 7.5  or a merger, consolidation or amalgamation permitted by  Section 7.4 , in any such case, as a result of which any applicable Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary. 
   Charge Over Bank Accounts  :  any Charge Over Bank Accounts executed and delivered by a Loan Party to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Loan Party charges the deposit(s) held in the nominated deposit account(s) held by such Loan Party at SVB s branch located in the United Kingdom. 
    Code  :  the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
   Collateral  :  all property of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired (and including any Acquired Assets to the extent not constituting Excluded Assets), upon which a Lien is purported to be created by any Security Document.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any contrary provision contained herein or in any other Loan Document, no Excluded Asset (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) shall constitute  Collateral.  
     Collateral Information Certificate   :  the Collateral Information Certificate relating to the Acquired Assets and executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to   Section 5.1   on or about the Amendment and Restatement Date, which certificate shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
   Collateral-Related Expenses  :  all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent paid or incurred in connection with any sale, collection or other realization on the Collateral, including reasonable compensation to the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and reimbursement for all other costs, expenses and liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith (including as described in  Section 6.6  of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), and all amounts for which the Administrative Agent is entitled to indemnification under the Security Documents and all advances made by the Administrative Agent under the Security Documents for the account of any Loan Party. 
   Commitment  :  as to any Lender, the  sum  of its Term Commitment and its Revolving Commitment. 
 9 

Commitment Fee   :  as defined in   Section 2.9(b)  .  
   Commitment Fee Rate  :  the rate per annum set forth under the relevant column heading below:  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) until the delivery of the Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to  Section 6.2(b)  in connection with the delivery by the Borrower of the consolidated financial statements required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 6.1  in respect of  the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or about September 30, 2016 , the Commitment Fee Rate shall be the rates corresponding to Level III in the foregoing table, (b) if the Borrower fails to deliver the financial statements required by  Section 6.1  and the related Compliance Certificate required by  Section 6.2(b)  by the respective date required thereunder after the end of any related fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the Commitment Fee Rate shall be the rate corresponding to Level III in the foregoing table until such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered (after which delivery the Commitment Fee Rate shall be determined with reference to such financial statements and Compliance Certificate), and (c) no reduction of the Commitment Fee Rate shall become effective at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
   Commitment Letter  :  that certain Second Amended and Restated Commitment letter agreement (including the Summary of Terms attached thereto), dated September 21, 2016, between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and certain Lenders that were party thereto, which amended and restated in its entirety that certain Amended and Restated Commitment Letter, dated September 13, 2016, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that were party thereto. 
   Commodity Exchange Act  :  the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. section 1  et seq. ), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
   Communications  :  is defined in  Section 10.2(d)(ii) . 
   Compliance Certificate  :  a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of  Exhibit B . 
   Connection Income Taxes  :  Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
     Consolidated Capital Expenditures  :  for any period, with respect to the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or other consideration or accrued as a liability and including that portion of Capital Lease Obligations which is capitalized on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower) by such Group Members during such period for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capital lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period) that, in conformity with GAAP, are included in  additions to property, plant or equipment  or comparable items reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower;  provided  that  Consolidated Capital Expenditures  shall not include (a) expenditures in respect of normal replacements and maintenance  
 10 

which are properly charged to current operations, (b) expenditures made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of assets to the extent financed (i) from insurance proceeds paid on account of the loss of or damage to the assets being replaced or restored or (ii) with awards of compensation arising from the taking by eminent domain or condemnation of the assets being replaced, (c) expenditures made as a tenant as leasehold improvements during such period to the extent reimbursed by the landlord during such period, or (d) expenditures made in connection with Permitted Acquisitions.  
   Consolidated Current Liabilities  :  at any date, the  sum  of (a) all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption  total current liabilities  (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date,  plus  (b) without duplication, the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements outstanding as of such date,  plus  (c) without duplication, the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding as of such date,  plus  (d) without duplication, the face amount of each undrawn Letter of Credit outstanding as of such date,  plus  (e) without duplication, an amount equal to the current portion of the Term Loan as of such date. 
     Consolidated EBITDA  :  with respect to the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for any period, (a) the  sum , without duplication, of the amounts for such period of (i) Consolidated Net Income,  plus  (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense,  plus  (iii) provisions for taxes based on income,  plus  (iv) total depreciation expense,  plus  (v) total amortization expense,  plus  (vi) fees and out-of-pocket transaction costs and expenses incurred by the Loan Parties in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Asset Acquisition,  provided  that the aggregate amount of all such fees, costs and expenses shall not exceed $2,000,000 for purposes of this definition,  plus  (vii) fees and out-of-pocket transaction costs and expenses incurred by the Loan Parties in connection with Permitted Acquisitions (whether or not consummated),  provided  that the aggregate amount of all such fees, costs and expenses considered for purposes of this definition shall not exceed (A) $1,250,000 with respect to any particular Permitted Acquisition and (B) $3,750,000 in the aggregate with respect to all Permitted Acquisitions undertaken during the term of this Agreement,  plu s (viii) without duplication, other cash and non cash items (for the avoidance of doubt this shall include share based payments) reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non cash item to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period) and other items approved by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders in writing as an  add back  to Consolidated Net Income,  plus  (ix) acquisition and integration costs associated with the Asset Acquisition and actually expensed by the Borrower during any fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or prior to September 30, 2017;  provided  that (A) not more than $11,500,000 of such acquisition and integration costs may be added back to Consolidated Net Income pursuant to this clause (ix) in respect of any four consecutive fiscal quarter period of the Borrower, and (B) any such costs actually expensed and added-back to Consolidated Net Income pursuant to this clause (ix) must be identifiable and verifiable to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent,  plus  (x) an amount equal to the aggregate amount of costs allocated by Zebra Technologies to the Acquired Assets in respect of the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016;  provided  that (A) not more than $4,500,000 of such allocated costs actually expensed during such fiscal quarter may be added back to Consolidated Net Income pursuant to this clause (x) in respect of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended September 30, 2016, and (B) any such allocated costs actually expensed and added-back to Consolidated Net Income pursuant to this clause (x) must be identifiable and verifiable to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent;  minus  (b) the  sum , without duplication of the amounts for such period of (i) other non cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period (excluding any such non cash item to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential cash item in any prior period),  plus  (ii) interest income;  provided  that Consolidated EBITDA for any period shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions or any disposition of any business or assets consummated during such period, in each case as if such transaction occurred on the first day of such  
 11 

period.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (1) Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended September 30, 2015 shall be deemed to be $12,230,000 for all purposes under this Agreement, (2) Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended December 31, 2015 shall be deemed to be $12,380,000 for all purposes under this Agreement, (3) Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended March 31, 2016 shall be deemed to be $4,750,000 for all purposes under this Agreement, and (4) Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended June 30, 2016 shall be deemed to be $13,200,000 for all purposes under this Agreement  .  
   Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  :  with respect to the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for any period, the ratio of (a) the  sum  of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such period  minus  (ii) the portion of taxes based on income actually paid in cash (net of any cash refunds received) during such period;  minus  (iii) Consolidated Capital Expenditures (excluding the principal amount funded with the Loans) incurred in connection with such expenditures;  to  (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such period.  Each of the financial performance measures specified in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) of this definition shall be calculated as follows for purposes of testing the Borrower s compliance with  Section 7.1(a)  as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower:  each such financial performance measure shall mean an amount equal to the amount of such financial performance measure for the four fiscal quarter period then ended. 
   Consolidated Fixed Charges  :  with respect to the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for any period ending on any determination date (the   determination date  ), the  sum  (without duplication) of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period,  plus  (b) scheduled payments made during such period on account of principal of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including scheduled principal payments in respect of the Term Loans but excluding Loans under the Revolving Commitments to the extent the Borrower has the right to continue or convert such Loans pursuant to  Section 2.13 ). 
   Consolidated Interest Expense  :  for any period, total interest expense (including that portion of any Capital Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP) of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of such Persons (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers  acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), but excluding the amortization of any deferred financing costs in connection with such Indebtedness. 
   Consolidated Leverage Ratio  :  as at the last day of any period, the  ratio  of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness as of the last day of such period,  to  (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such period;  provided  that for purposes of this definition, Consolidated EBITDA for any period shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Permitted Acquisitions or any disposition of any business or assets consummated during such period, in each case as if such transaction occurred on the first day of such period.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in each of the definitions of  Applicable Margin  and  Commitment Fee Rate , Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated as follows for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin and the Commitment Fee Rate and testing the Borrower s compliance with  Section 7.1(c)  as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower:  Consolidated EBITDA shall mean an amount equal to Consolidated EBITDA for the four fiscal quarter period then ended. 
     Consolidated Net Income  :  for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP;  provided  that there shall be excluded from the calculation of  Consolidated Net Income  (a) the  
 12 

income (or deficit) of any such Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, (b) the income (or deficit) of any such Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower) in which the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions, and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any Contractual Obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or any Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary or any owner of Capital Stock of such Subsidiary.  
   Consolidated Quick Assets  :  as of any date of determination, the  sum  of (a) all unrestricted cash, Cash Equivalents and other Investments made in accordance with  Section 7.8(b)(ii)  that (i) are maintained in a Deposit Account or a Securities Account subject to a Control Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), and (ii) would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP,  plus  (b) all net accounts receivable that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
   Consolidated Quick Ratio  :  as of the last day of any period, the  ratio  of (a) Consolidated Quick Assets as of such day  to  (b) the  sum  of (i) Consolidated Current Liabilities for such period  less  (ii) the aggregate amount of Deferred Revenue of the Borrower as of such day (to the extent included in Consolidated Current Liabilities as of such day). 
   Consolidated Tangible Net Worth  :  as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the  difference  between Shareholders  Equity of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on such date (determined in accordance with GAAP)  minus  (b) the Intangible Assets of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on such date;  provided ,  however , that there shall be excluded from the calculation of  Consolidated Tangible Net Worth  any effects resulting from the application of FASB ASC No. 715:  Compensation Retirement Benefits.  
   Consolidated Total Indebtedness  :  at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries at such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding any liabilities referred to in clauses (f) and (g) of the definition of  Indebtedness.   
   Contractual Obligation  :  as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
   Control  :  the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.    Controlling   and   Controlled   have meanings correlative thereto. 
   Control Agreement  :  any account control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which a Loan Party maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary at which a Loan Party maintains a Securities Account, such Loan Party, and the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the Administrative Agent obtains control (within the meaning of the UCC or any other applicable law) over such Deposit Account or Securities Account. 
     Controlled Account  :  each Deposit Account and Securities Account that is subject to a Control Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing  
 13 

Lender.  
   Copyright License  :  any written agreement which (a) names a Loan Party as licensor or licensee (including those listed on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), or (b) grants any right under any Copyright to a Loan Party, including any right to manufacture, distribute, exploit and sell materials derived from any Copyright. 
   Copyrights  :  (a) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, together with the underlying works of authorship (including titles), whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished (including those listed on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), all computer programs, computer databases, computer program flow diagrams, source codes, object codes and all tangible property embodying or incorporating any copyrights, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including all registrations, recordings and applications in the USCRO, and (b) the right to obtain any renewals thereof. 
   Credit Facility Representations and Warranties  :  all of the representations and warranties of each Loan Party specified in the Loan Documents, excluding any representation and warranties concerning the Asset Acquisition and the Acquired Assets. 
   Debtor Relief Laws  : the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
   Default  :  any of the events specified in  Section 8.1 , whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
   Default Rate  :  as defined in  Section 2.15(c) . 
     Defaulting Lender  :  subject to  Section 2.24(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder ( provided  that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization  
 14 

or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action;   provided   that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to   Section 2.24(b)  ) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Lender.  
   Deferred Revenue  :  all amounts received or invoiced in advance of performance under contracts and not yet recognized as revenue in accordance with GAAP. 
   Deposit Account  :  any  deposit account  as defined in the UCC with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
   Deposit Account Control Agreement  :  any Control Agreement entered into by the Administrative Agent, a Loan Party and a financial institution holding a Deposit Account of such Loan Party pursuant to which the Administrative Agent is granted  control  (for purposes of the UCC) over such Deposit Account. 
   Designated Jurisdiction  :   any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction.  
   Determination Date  :  as defined in the definition of  Pro Forma Basis . 
   Discharge of Obligations  :  subject to  Section 10.8 , the satisfaction of the Obligations (including all such Obligations relating to Bank Services and FX Contracts) by the payment in full, in cash (or, as applicable, Cash Collateralization in accordance with the terms hereof) of the principal of and interest on or other liabilities relating to each Loan and any previously provided Bank Services and FX Contracts, all fees and all other expenses or amounts payable under any Loan Document and any Bank Services Agreement and FX Contract (other than inchoate indemnification obligations and any other obligations which pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document or any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract specifically survive repayment of the Loans for which no claim has been made), and other Obligations under or in respect of Specified Swap Agreements and Bank Services and FX Contracts, to the extent (a) no default or termination event shall have occurred and be continuing thereunder, (b) any such Obligations in respect of Specified Swap Obligations and/or Bank Services and FX Contracts have, if required by the applicable Bank Services Provider or any applicable Qualified Counterparties, as applicable, been Cash Collateralized, (c) no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding (or, as applicable, each outstanding and undrawn Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof), (d) no Obligations in respect of any Bank Services or FX Contracts are outstanding (or, as applicable, all such outstanding Obligations in respect of Bank Services and FX Contracts have been Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof), and (e) the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders are terminated.  
     Disposition  :  with respect to any property (including, without limitation, any Capital Stock of any Person), any sale, lease, Sale Leaseback Transaction, assignment, conveyance, transfer, encumbrance or other disposition thereof and any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.   
 15 

The terms    Dispose    and    Disposed of    shall have correlative meanings.  
   Dollars   and  $ :  dollars in lawful currency of the United States. 
   Domestic Subsidiary  :  any Subsidiary of any Loan Party organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States. 
   EEA Financial Institution   means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
   EEA Member Country   means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
   EEA Resolution Authority   means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
   Eligible Assignee  :  any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under  Section 10.6(b)(iii) , (v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under  Section 10.6(b)(iii) ). 
   Enterasys  :  has the meaning specified in the recitals to this Agreement. 
   Enterasys Copyright Security Agreement  :  is the Copyright Security Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2015, between Enterasys and the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), executed pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement  :  is the Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2015, between Enterasys and the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), executed pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Enterprise  :  means Enterprise Networks Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
   Environmental Laws  :  any and all foreign, Federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees, requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health or the environment, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect. 
     Environmental Liability :  any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) a violation of an Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Materials of Environmental Concern, (c) exposure to any Materials of Environmental Concern, (d) the release or threatened release of any Materials of Environmental Concern into the environment, or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is  
 16 

assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.  
   Equity Interests  :  with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
   ERISA  :  the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, including (unless the context otherwise requires) any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
   ERISA Affiliate  :  each business or entity which is, or within the last six years was, a member of a  controlled group of corporations,  under  common control  or an  affiliated service group  with any Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c) or (m) of the Code, required to be aggregated with any Loan Party under Section 414(o) of the Code, or is, or within the last six years was, under  common control  with any Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA. 
     ERISA Event  :  any of (a) a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC by regulation has waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event; (b) the applicability of the requirements of Section 4043(b) of ERISA with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, to any Pension Plan where an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur with respect to such plan within the following 30 days; (c) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Pension Plan or the termination of any Pension Plan resulting in liability under Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (d) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate thereof in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Section 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefor, or the receipt by any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any ERISA Affiliate thereof of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA;  (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the imposition of liability on any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof pursuant to Sections 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (g) the failure by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof to make any required contribution to a Pension Plan, or the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (h) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered to critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (i) an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (j) the imposition of any liability under Title I or Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof; (k) an application for a funding waiver under Section 303 of ERISA or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the  
 17 

Code with respect to any Pension Plan; (l) the occurrence of a non   exempt prohibited transaction under Sections 406 or 407 of ERISA for which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof may be directly or indirectly liable; (m) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Sections 409, 502(c), (i) or (1) or 4071 of ERISA; (n) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Pension Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof in connection with any such Pension Plan; (o) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to fail to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; or (p) the imposition of any lien (or the fulfillment of the conditions for the imposition of any lien) on any of the rights, properties or assets of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV, including Section 302(f) or 303(k) of ERISA or to Section 401(a)(29) or 430(k) of the Code.  
   ERISA Funding Rules  :  the rules regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans, as set forth in Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, with respect to Plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Protection Act of 2006, and thereafter, as set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
   EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule   means the EU Legislation Bail-In Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
   Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements  :  for any day as applied to a Eurodollar Loan, the aggregate (without duplication) of the maximum rates (expressed as a decimal fraction) of reserve requirements in effect on such day (including basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves) under any regulations of the Board or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as  Eurocurrency Liabilities  in Regulation D of the Board) maintained by a member bank of the Federal Reserve System. 
   Eurodollar Base Rate  :  with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by reference to the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any successor thereto if the ICE Benchmark Administration is no longer making a London Interbank Offered Rate available) as the LIBOR Rate (  LIBOR  ) for deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period in Dollars, determined as of approximately 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period (as set forth by Bloomberg Information Service or any successor thereto or any other commercially available service selected by the Administrative Agent which provides quotations of LIBOR);  provided  that the Eurodollar Base Rate shall not be less than 0%.  In the event that the Administrative Agent determines that LIBOR is not available, the  Eurodollar Base Rate  shall be determined by reference to the rate per annum equal to the offered quotation rate to first class banks in the London interbank market by SVB for deposits (for delivery on the first day of the relevant Interest Period) in Dollars of amounts in same day funds comparable to the principal amount of the applicable Loan of the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as a Lender, for which the Eurodollar Base Rate is then being determined with maturities comparable to such period, as of approximately 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period; provided that, in all events, such Eurodollar Base Rate shall not be less than 0%. 
   Eurodollar Loans  :  Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Eurodollar Rate. 
 18 

Eurodollar Rate   :  with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, a rate per annum determined for such day in accordance with the following formula:  

Eurodollar Base Rate  

1.00 - Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements  

The Eurodollar Rate shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements which affect Eurodollar Loans to be made as of, and ABR Loans to be converted into Eurodollar Loans, in any such case, at the beginning of the next applicable Interest Period. 
   Eurodollar Tranche  :  the collective reference to Eurodollar Loans under a particular Facility (other than the L/C Facility), the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
   Event of Default  :  any of the events specified in  Section 8.1 ;  provided  that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 
   Exchange Act  :  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
   Excluded Assets  :  as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Excluded Foreign Subsidiary  :  in respect of any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of such Loan Party (a) that is a  controlled foreign corporation  as defined in Section 957 of the Code, (b) that is a Subsidiary (whether direct or indirect) of a  controlled foreign corporation  as defined in Section 957 of the Code, or (c) substantially all of the assets of which are Equity Interests (or Equity Interests and debt interests) in one or more  controlled foreign corporations  as defined in Section 957 of the Code. 
   Excluded Swap Obligations  :  with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee Obligation of such Guarantor with respect to, or the grant by such Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an  eligible contract participant  as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 2.6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and any other  keepwell, support or other agreement  provided for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time such Guarantee Obligation of such Guarantor, or the grant by such Guarantor of such Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation.  If such a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee Obligation or Lien is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
     Excluded Taxes  :  any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in any such case (i) to the extent imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), or (ii) to the extent otherwise constituting Other Connection Taxes; (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for  
 19 

the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under   Section 2.23  ) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to   Section 2.20  , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with   Section 2.20(f)  ; and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA  .  
   Existing Credit Agreement  :  has the meaning specified in the recitals to this Agreement. 
   Existing Credit Facilities  :  has the meaning specified in the recitals to this Agreement. 
   Existing Letters of Credit  :  the letters of credit described on  Schedule 1.1B . 
   Existing Loan Documents  :  collectively, the  Loan Documents  defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
  Existing Revolving Loan  :  has the meaning specified in   Section 2.4(b)   of this Agreement.  
  Existing Term Loan  :  has the meaning specified in   Section 2.1(b)   of this Agreement.  
   Facility and Facilities  :  each or all of (as applicable) (a) the Term Facility, (b) the L/C Facility (which is a subfacility of the Revolving Facility), and (c) the Revolving Facility. 
   FASB ASC  :  the Accounting Standards certification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
   FATCA  :  collectively, Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantially comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States with respect to the foregoing and any law, regulation, or practice adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement. 
   Federal Funds Effective Rate  :  for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for the day of such transactions received by SVB from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
   Fee Letter  :  that certain Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated September 21, 2016, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which  Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter  amended and restated in its entirety that certain Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated September 13, 2016, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
   First Tier Foreign Subsidiary  :  at any date of determination with respect to a Loan Party, each direct Foreign Subsidiary in which such Loan Party owns directly more than 50%, in the aggregate, of the Voting Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary. 
 20 

First Tier Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company   :  at any date of determination with respect to any Loan Party, each direct Domestic Subsidiary of such Loan Party substantially all of the assets of which consist of Equity Interests (or Equity Interests and debt interests) of Foreign Subsidiaries and assets incidental thereto.  
   Flood Insurance Documents  :  collectively, (a) notices to (and confirmations of receipt by) the Borrower as to the existence of a special flood hazard with respect to any improved real property of any Loan Party that constitutes Collateral and, if applicable, the unavailability of flood hazard insurance in respect thereof under the National Flood Insurance Program and (b) evidence of applicable flood insurance covering any improved real property of any Loan Party that constitutes Collateral, if available, in each case in such form, on such terms and in such amounts as are required by the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 or as otherwise required by the Administrative Agent. 
   Flow of Funds Agreement  :  the letter agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent regarding the disbursement of Loan proceeds on the Amendment and Restatement Date (which shall include (i) any proposed disbursements by the Administrative Agent to repay the outstanding loans of lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement that are either not Lenders under this Agreement or whose Commitment and/or Loans under this Agreement are less than the outstanding commitments and/or loans held by such Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement, and (ii) any proposed disbursements by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement in respect of the payment for the Acquired Assets at the request and on behalf of the Borrower), the funding and the payment of the Administrative Agent s reasonable and documented expenses and the reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent s counsel and the Borrower s counsel, and such other matters as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
   Foreign Currency  :  lawful money of a country other than the United States. 
   Foreign Investment Limit  :  at any time, with respect to all of the Loan Parties and in respect of all Investments made in, intercompany Indebtedness incurred by, Restricted Payments made to, and Dispositions to or mergers with, Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, including Investments in Foreign Subsidiaries, intercompany Indebtedness incurred by Foreign Subsidiaries, Restricted Payments made to Foreign Subsidiaries, Dispositions to Foreign Subsidiaries, and mergers by any Domestic Subsidiaries into Foreign Subsidiaries, an aggregate amount not exceeding 10% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (measured as of the date of the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 6.1 ).  
   Foreign Law Pledge Agreement  :  in respect of the grant by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) of a Lien on certain of the Equity Interests in any First Tier Foreign Subsidiary owned by such Loan Party, any pledge agreement (however designated) reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to be prepared under the laws of the foreign jurisdiction in which such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary is organized and executed by such Loan Party (and, as applicable, such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary) for the purpose of creating, perfecting and otherwise protecting such Lien to the maximum extent possible under the laws of such foreign jurisdiction. 
   Foreign Lender  :  (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
      Foreign Pledge Documents  :  collectively, in respect of the grant by any Loan Party to the  
 21 

Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) of a Lien on certain of the Equity Interests in any First Tier Foreign Subsidiary owned by such Loan Party, any related Foreign Law Pledge Agreement, any related filings, an opinion delivered by local counsel in the foreign jurisdiction in which such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary is organized and addressing the effectiveness of the pledge by such Loan Party to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) of the pledged Equity Interests in such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary having been issued to such Loan Party, any related authorizing resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors (or equivalent) of such Loan Party in connection with such pledge, any amendments to the organizational documents of such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary required by the Administrative Agent to facilitate the pledge by such Loan Party to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) of such pledged Equity Interests, and any other agreements, documents, instruments, notices, filings or other items reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to be executed and/or delivered in connection with any of the foregoing.  
   Foreign Subsidiary  :  in respect of any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is not a Domestic Subsidiary of such Loan Party. 
   Fronting Exposure  : at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, as applicable, (a) with respect to the Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender s L/C Percentage of the outstanding L/C Exposure other than L/C Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Percentage of outstanding Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 
   Fund  : any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person)) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
   Funding Office  :  the Revolving Loan Funding Office or the Term Loan Funding Office, as the context requires. 
  FX Contract :   is any foreign exchange contract by and between the Borrower or another Group Member, on the one hand, and any Bank Services Provider, on the other hand, under which the Borrower or such other Group Member, as applicable, commits to purchase from or sell to such Bank Services Provider a specific amount of a currency other than Dollars on a specified date.  
     GAAP  :  generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, except that for purposes of  Section 7.1 , GAAP shall be determined on the basis of such principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the most recent audited financial statements referred to in  Section 4.1(b) .  In the event that any  Accounting Change  (as defined below) shall occur and such change results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms in this Agreement, then each party to this Agreement agrees to enter into negotiations to amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s financial condition shall be the same after such Accounting Changes as if such Accounting Changes had not been made.  Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed as if such Accounting Changes had not occurred.    Accounting Changes   refers to changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of  
 22 

Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC.  
   German Regulatory Approval  :  has the meaning given to such term in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
   Governmental Approval  :  any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the German Regulatory Approval). 
   Governmental Authority  :  the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
   Group Members  :  the collective reference to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.   
   Guarantee and Collateral Agreement  :  the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2013, executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Guarantor, substantially in the form of  Exhibit A , and as the same is amended from time to time, as reaffirmed by Enterasys pursuant to the Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent and as reaffirmed by the Borrower pursuant to  Section 10.22 . 
   Guarantee Obligation  : as to any Person (the   guaranteeing person  ), any obligation, including a reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, of the guaranteeing person that guarantees or in effect guarantees, or which is given to induce the creation of a separate obligation by another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) that guarantees or in effect guarantees, any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the   primary obligations  ) of any other third Person (the   primary obligor  ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof;  provided  that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
     Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent  :  a Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent, in substantially the form set forth in  Exhibit I , executed by Enterasys for the purpose of indicating the  
 23 

acknowledgment and consent of Enterasys to the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, the execution and delivery by the Borrower of this Agreement, and the consummation of the Asset Acquisition.  
   Guarantors  : a collective reference to the Borrower, Enterasys and each other Material Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower which has become a Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement.   Notwithstanding the foregoing or any contrary provision herein or in any other Loan Document, no Excluded Foreign Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor. 
   Immaterial Subsidiary  :  at any date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated in writing as such by the Borrower after the Amendment and Restatement Date and which as of such date holds assets representing 10% or less of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as of such date (determined in accordance with GAAP), or which has generated 10% or less of the Borrower s consolidated total revenues (determined in accordance with GAAP) for the four fiscal quarter period ending on the last day of the most recent period for which financial statements have been delivered after the Amendment and Restatement Date pursuant to  Section 6.1(a)  or  (b) ;  provided  that all Domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are individually  Immaterial Subsidiaries  shall not have aggregate consolidated total assets that would represent 10% or more of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as of such date or have generated 10% or more of the Borrower s consolidated total revenues for such four fiscal quarter period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP.  
   Incurred  :  as defined in the definition of  Pro Forma Basis . 
   Indebtedness  :  of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations and all Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or applicant under or in respect of acceptances, letters of credit, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (g) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above, (h) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation (but only to the extent of such Lien if such Indebtedness is non-recourse), and (i) the net obligations of such Person in respect of Swap Agreements.  The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
   Indemnified Taxes  :  (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
   Indemnitee  :  is defined in  Section 10.5(b) . 
     Informational Materials  :  collectively, all information provided to the Administrative Agent or  
 24 

any Lender by the Borrower, Enterasys or any of their respective agents and advisors, in any such case in respect of or in connection with the Asset Acquisition, the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation or the Transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.  
   Insider Indebtedness  :  any Indebtedness owing by any Loan Party to any Group Member or officer, director, shareholder or employee of any Group Member. 
   Insider Subordinated Indebtedness  :  is any Insider Indebtedness which is also Subordinated Indebtedness. 
   Insolvency  :  with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 
   Insolvency Proceeding  : is (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of any Person s creditors generally or any substantial portion of such Person s creditors, in each case undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including any Debtor Relief Law. 
   Insolvent  :  pertaining to a condition of Insolvency. 
   Intangible Assets  :  assets that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP, including customer lists, goodwill, computer software, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises, licenses, unamortized deferred charges, unamortized debt discount and capitalized research and development costs. 
   Intellectual Property  :  the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including Copyrights, Copyright Licenses, Patents, Patent Licenses, Trademarks, Trademark Licenses, technology, know-how and processes, and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 
   Intellectual Property Security Agreement  :  an intellectual property security agreement entered into between a Loan Party and the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement (including, without limitation, the Borrower Copyright Security Agreement, the Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, the Amended and Restated Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, the Enterasys Copyright Security Agreement, the Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, and the Amended and Restated Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement), together with each other intellectual property security agreement and supplement thereto delivered pursuant to  Section 6.12 , in each case as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Interest Payment Date  :  (a) as to any ABR Loan (including any Swingline Loan), the first Business Day of each calendar month to occur while such Loan is outstanding and the final maturity date of such Loan, (b) as to any Eurodollar Loan having an Interest Period of three months or less, the last Business Day of such Interest Period, (c) as to any Eurodollar Loan having an Interest Period longer than three months, each day that is three months (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day next succeeding such date) after the first day of such Interest Period and the last Business Day of such Interest Period, and (d) as to any Loan (other than any Revolving Loan that is an ABR Loan and any Swingline Loan), the date of any repayment or prepayment made in respect thereof. 
 25 

Interest Period   :  as to any Eurodollar Loan, (a) initially, the period commencing on the borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurodollar Loan and ending one, two, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation, as the case may be, given with respect thereto; and (b) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar Loan and ending one, two, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower by irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation not later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, on the date that is three Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto;   provided   that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following:  
 (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day;  
 (ii) the Borrower may not select an Interest Period under a particular Facility that would extend beyond the Revolving Termination Date (in the case of Revolving Facility) or beyond the Term Loan Maturity Date (in the case of Term Loans);  
 (iii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of a calendar month; and  
 (iv) the Borrower shall select Interest Periods so as not to require a payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Loan during an Interest Period for such Loan.  
   Interest Rate Agreement  :  with respect to any Person, any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement, each of which is (a) for the purpose of hedging the interest rate exposure associated with such Person s operations, (b) approved by Administrative Agent, and (c) not for speculative purposes. 
   Inventory  :  all  inventory,  as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party, wherever located, and in any event including inventory, merchandise, goods and other personal property that are held by or on behalf of any Loan Party for sale or lease or are furnished or are to be furnished under a contract of service, or that constitutes raw materials, work in process, finished goods, returned goods, or materials or supplies of any kind used or consumed or to be used or consumed in such Loan Party s business or in the processing, production, packaging, promotion, delivery or shipping of the same, including all supplies and embedded software. 
   Investments  :  as defined in  Section 7.8 . 
   IRS  :  the Internal Revenue Service, or any successor thereto. 
   ISP  :  with respect to any Letter of Credit, the  International Standby Practices 1998  published by the Institute of International Banking Law   Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
     Issuing Lender  :  as the context may require, (a) SVB or any Affiliate thereof, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, each Existing Letter of Credit), and (b) any  
 26 

other Lender that may become an Issuing Lender pursuant to   Section 3.11   or   3.12  , with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Lender.  The Issuing Lender may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Lender or other financial institutions, in which case the term  Issuing Lender  shall include any such Affiliate or other financial institution with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate or other financial institution.  
   Issuing Lender Fees  :  as defined in  Section 3.3(a) . 
   JPM Lien Release Documents  :  collectively, any UCC-3 Amendment Statement and lien release documents (however designated) executed and delivered and/or filed, or authorized to be filed, by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in connection with the release of its Lien in certain of the Acquired Assets (which Lien was granted to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as  administrative agent , pursuant to and for the ratable benefit of the lenders party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2014, among Zebra Technologies, the several lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (as  administrative agent  for such lenders) and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 
   Judgment Currency  :  as defined in  Section 10.19 . 
   L/C Advance  :  each L/C Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Disbursement in accordance with its L/C Percentage of the L/C Commitment. 
   L/C Commitment  :  as to any L/C Lender, the obligation of such L/C Lender, if any, to purchase an undivided interest in the Issuing Lenders  obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit (including to make payments with respect to draws made under any Letter of Credit pursuant to  Section 3.5(b) ) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading  L/C Commitment  opposite such L/C Lender s name on  Schedule 1.1A  or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such L/C Lender becomes a party hereto, as the amount of any such obligation may be (i) changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, or (ii) limited by restrictions on availability set forth herein (including  Sections 2.4  and  3.1(a) ). For the avoidance of doubt, (x) the original amount of the Total L/C Commitments is $10,000,000, subject to the availability limitations set forth herein, (y) the Total L/C Commitments are a sublimit of, and not in addition to, the Total Revolving Commitments, and (z) the aggregate amount of the respective L/C Commitments of the Lenders shall not exceed the amount of the Total L/C Commitments at any time.  
   L/C Disbursements  :  a payment or disbursement made by the Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
   L/C Exposure  :  at any time, the  sum  of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time,  plus  (b) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed  or converted into Revolving Loans  at such time.  The L/C Exposure of any L/C Lender at any time shall equal its L/C Percentage of the aggregate L/C Exposure at such time. 
   L/C Facility  :  the L/C Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder. 
   L/C Fee Payment Date  :  as defined in  Section 3.3(a) . 
   L/C Lender  :  a Lender with an L/C Commitment. 
   L/C Percentage  :  as to any L/C Lender at any time, the percentage of the Total L/C Commitments represented by such L/C Lender s L/C Commitment, as such percentage may be adjusted as provided in  Section 2.23 . 
 27 

L/C-Related Documents   :  collectively, each Letter of Credit (including any Existing Letter of Credit), all applications for any Letter of Credit (and applications for the amendment of any Letter of Credit) submitted by the Borrower to the Issuing Lender and any other document, agreement and instrument relating to any Letter of Credit, including any of the Issuing Lender s standard form documents for letter of credit issuances.  
   Lenders  :  as defined in the preamble hereto;  provided  that unless the context otherwise requires, each reference herein to the Lenders shall be deemed to include the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender. 
   Letter of Credit  :  as defined in  Section 3.1(a) ;  provided  that such term shall include each Existing Letter of Credit. 
   Letter of Credit Availability Period  :  the period from and including the Amendment and Restatement Date to but excluding the Letter of Credit Maturity Date. 
   Letter of Credit Fees  :  as defined in  Section 3.3(a) . 
   Letter of Credit Fronting Fees  :  as defined in  Section 3.3(a) . 
   Letter of Credit Maturity Date  :  the date occurring 15 days prior to the Revolving Termination Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
   LIBOR  :  as defined in the definition of  Eurodollar Base Rate.  
   Lien  :  any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
   Loan  :  any loan made or maintained by any Lender pursuant to this Agreement and, as the context may require, any Existing Term Loan and any Existing Revolving Loan having been made pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement but deemed to be a Loan outstanding hereunder as of the Amendment and Restatement Date. 
   Loan Documents  :  this Agreement, each Security Document, each Assignment and Assumption, each Addendum, each Note, the Fee Letter, the Flow of Funds Agreement, the Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate, the 2013 Collateral Information Certificate, the Collateral Information Certificate, each L/C-Related Document, the Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent, each Compliance Certificate, each Notice of Borrowing, each Notice of Conversion/Continuation, each Bank Services Agreement, each FX Contract, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of  Section 3.10 , and any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the foregoing. 
   Loan Parties  :  each Group Member that is a party to a Loan Document.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any contrary provision herein or in any other Loan Document, no Excluded Foreign Subsidiary shall be a Loan Party.  
     Majority Revolving Lenders  :  at any time, (a) if only one Revolving Lender holds the Total Revolving Commitments at such time, such Revolving Lender, both before and after the termination of  
 28 

such Total Revolving Commitments; and (b) if more than one Revolving Lender holds the Total Revolving Commitments, at least two Revolving Lenders who hold more than 50% of such Total Revolving Commitments (including, without duplication, the L/C Commitments) or, at any time after the termination of the Revolving Commitments when such Revolving Commitments were held by more than one Revolving Lender, at least two Revolving Lenders who hold more than 50% of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (including, without duplication, any L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans at such time));   provided   that the Revolving Commitments of, and the portion of the Revolving Loans, L/C Commitments and participations in L/C Exposure and Swingline Loans held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Majority Revolving Lenders.  
   Majority Term Lenders  :  at any time, (a) if only one Term Lender holds the Term Loan, such Term Lender; and (b) if more than one Term Lender holds the Term Loan, at least two Term Lenders who hold more than 50% of the principal sum of all Term Loans outstanding;  provided  that the portion of the Term Loans held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Majority Term Lenders. 
   Material Adverse Effect  :  the occurrence of any of (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the operations, business, assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Borrower, individually, or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Agent or the Lenders under any Loan Document, or of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its respective Obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (d) a material impairment, not caused by any action of the Agent or any Lender, in (i) the perfection or priority of the Agent s Lien in the Collateral (held for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties), or (ii) the value of the Collateral pledged by any Loan Party pursuant to any Security Document;  provided  that, on the Amendment and Restatement Date, the occurrence of any APA Material Adverse Effect shall not be considered for purposes of determining whether any Material Adverse Effect has occurred. 
   Material Domestic Subsidiary  :  any Material Subsidiary which is also a Domestic Subsidiary.  
   Material First Tier Foreign Subsidiary  :  any Material Foreign Subsidiary which is also a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary. 
   Material Foreign Subsidiary  : any Material Subsidiary which is also a Foreign Subsidiary. 
   Material Subsidiary  :  any Subsidiary that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary.    
   Materials of Environmental Concern  :  any substance, material or waste that is defined, regulated, governed or otherwise characterized under any Environmental Law as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant (or by words of similar meaning and regulatory effect), any petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea-formaldehyde insulation, molds or fungus, and radioactivity, radiofrequency radiation at levels known to be hazardous to human health and safety. 
   Minority Lender  :  as defined in  Section 10.1(b) . 
   Moody s  :  Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
     Multiemployer Plan  :  a  multiemployer plan  (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA) to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof makes, is making, or is obligated or has ever  
 29 

been obligated to make, contributions.  
   Net Cash Proceeds  :  (a) in connection with any Asset Sale undertaken by any Person, the proceeds thereof in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received), net of attorneys  fees, accountants  fees, investment banking fees, amounts required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien expressly permitted hereunder on any asset that is the subject of such Asset Sale (other than any Lien pursuant to a Security Document) and other customary costs, fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and net of taxes paid and such Person s reasonable and good faith estimate of income, franchise, sales, and other applicable taxes required to be paid by such Person in connection with such Asset Sale in the taxable year that such Asset Sale is consummated, the computation of which shall, in each such case, take into account the reduction in tax liability resulting from any available operating losses and net operating loss carryovers, tax credits, and tax credit carry forwards, and similar tax attributes, and (b) in connection with any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or any incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys  fees, investment banking fees, accountants  fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary costs, fees and expenses actually incurred (or reasonably expected to be incurred) in connection therewith. 
   Non-Consenting Lender  :  any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all (or all affected) Lenders in accordance with the terms of  Section 10.1  and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
   Non-Defaulting Lender  :  at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
   Note  :  a Term Loan Note, a Revolving Loan Note or a Swingline Loan Note. 
   Notice of Borrowing  :  a notice substantially in the form of  Exhibit K . 
   Notice of Conversion/Continuation  :  a notice substantially in the form of  Exhibit L . 
     Obligations  :  (a) the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Loan Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities of the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, any other Lender, any Bank Services Provider (in its or their capacity as provider of Bank Services and/or FX Contracts), and any Qualified Counterparty party to a Specified Swap Agreement, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Bank Services Agreement), the Letters of Credit, any Specified Swap Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, payment obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, any other Lender, any Bank Services Provider, to the extent that any applicable Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract requires the reimbursement by any applicable Group Member of any such expenses), and any Qualified Counterparty party to a Specified Swap Agreement that are required to be paid by any Loan Party pursuant any Loan Document, Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract or otherwise, and (b) any obligations of any other Group Member arising in connection with any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations shall not include solely with respect to any Guarantor that is not a Qualified ECP Guarantor,  
 30 

any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor.   
   OFAC   :  the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury and any successor thereto.  
   Operating Documents  :  for any Person as of any date, such Person s constitutional documents, formation documents and/or certificate of incorporation (or equivalent thereof), as certified (if applicable) by such Person s jurisdiction of formation as of a recent date, and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws or memorandum and articles of association (or equivalent thereof) in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 
    Other Connection Taxes  :  with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
   Other Taxes  :  all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to  Section 2.23 ). 
   Participant  :  as defined in  Section 10.6(d) . 
   Participant Register  :  as defined in  Section 10.6(d) . 
   Patent License  :  any written agreement which (a) names a Loan Party as licensor or licensee and (b) grants to such Loan Party any right under a Patent, including the right to manufacture, use or sell any invention covered in whole or in part by such Patent, including any such agreements referred to on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Patents  :  (a) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof and all goodwill associated therewith, including any of the foregoing referred to on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, (b) all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, including, without limitation, any of the foregoing referred to on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, and (c) all rights to obtain any reissues or extensions of the foregoing. 
   Patriot Act  :  the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001. 
   PBGC  :  the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
     Pension Plan  :  an employee pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Sections 412 and 430 of the  
 31 

Code or Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA and in respect of which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof is (or if such plan were terminated would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) a  contributing sponsor  as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA.  
   Permitted Acquisition  :  as defined in  Section 7.8(o) . 
   Permitted Encumbrance  :  is, with respect to each fee-owned or leasehold real property of any Group Member (or similar property interests under local law), any lien, encumbrance or other matter affecting title, zoning, building codes, land use and other similar Requirements of Law and municipal ordinances and other similar items, which in any such case, do not impair, in any material respect, the use or ownership of such property for its intended purpose, in the ordinary course of business. 
   Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness  :  Indebtedness of any Person (  Refinancing Indebtedness  ) issued or incurred by such Person (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) to refinance, refund, extend, renew or replace existing Indebtedness of such Person (  Refinanced Indebtedness    provided  that (a) the principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness is not greater than the principal amount of such Refinanced Indebtedness  plus  the amount of any premiums or penalties and accrued and unpaid interest paid thereon and reasonable fees and expenses, in each case associated with such Refinancing Indebtedness, (b) such Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity that is no sooner than, and a weighted average life to maturity that is no shorter than, such Refinanced Indebtedness, (c) if such Refinanced Indebtedness or any Guarantee Obligation thereof or any security therefor are subordinated to the Obligations, such Refinancing Indebtedness and any Guarantee Obligations thereof and any security therefor remain so subordinated on terms no less favorable to the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, (d) the obligors in respect of such Refinanced Indebtedness immediately prior to such refinancing, refunding extension, renewal or replacement are the only obligors on such Refinancing Indebtedness and (e) any Guarantee Obligations which constitute all or a portion of such Refinancing Indebtedness, taken as a whole, are determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of such Person to be no less favorable to such Person and the Lenders and the other Secured Parties in any material respect than the covenants and events of default or Guarantee Obligations, if any, applicable to such Refinanced Indebtedness. 
   Person  :  any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
   Platform  :  is defined in  Section 10.2(d)(i) . 
   Pledged Stock  :  as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Pledge Supplement  :  any Pledge Supplement delivered pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Preferred Stock  :  the preferred Capital Stock of any Loan Party. 
   Prime Rate  :  the rate of interest per annum from time to time published in the money rates Section of the Wall Street Journal or any successor publication thereto as the  prime rate  then in effect;  provided  that if such rate of interest, as set forth from time to time in the money rates Section of the Wall Street Journal, becomes unavailable for any reason as determined by the Administrative Agent, the  Prime Rate  shall mean the rate of interest per annum announced by SVB as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in the State of California (such SVB announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by SVB in connection with extensions of credit to debtors). 
 32 

Pro Forma Basis   :  with respect to any calculation or determination for a Loan Party for any period, in making such calculation or determination on the specified date of determination (the    Determination Date   ) means:  
  (a)     pro forma   effect will be given (i) to any Indebtedness incurred (   Incurred   ) by such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (including by assumption of then outstanding Indebtedness or by a Person becoming a Subsidiary after the beginning of the applicable period and on or before the Determination Date to the extent the Indebtedness is outstanding or is to be Incurred on the Determination Date, as if such Indebtedness had been Incurred on the first day of such period, and (ii) to the application of the proceeds of any such Indebtedness;  
  (b)     pro forma   calculations of interest on Indebtedness bearing a floating interest rate will be made as if the rate in effect on the Determination Date (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to the Indebtedness) had been the applicable rate for the entire reference period;  
  (c)   Consolidated Fixed Charges related to any Indebtedness no longer outstanding or to be repaid or redeemed on the Determination Date, except for Consolidated Interest Expense accrued during the reference period under a revolving credit to the extent of the commitment thereunder (or under any successor revolving credit) in effect on the Determination Date, will be excluded as if such Indebtedness was no longer outstanding or was repaid or redeemed on the first day of such period; and  
  (d)     pro forma   effect will be given to: (i) the acquisition or disposition of companies, divisions or lines of businesses by such Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, including any acquisition or disposition of a company, division or line of business since the beginning of the reference period by a Person that became a Subsidiary after the beginning of the applicable period; and (ii) the discontinuation of any discontinued operations but, in the case of Consolidated Fixed Charges, only to the extent that the obligations giving rise to Consolidated Fixed Charges will not be obligations of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries following the Determination Date; in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), that have occurred since the beginning of the applicable period and before the Determination Date as if such events had occurred, and, in the case of any disposition, the proceeds thereof applied, on the first day of such period. To the extent that   pro forma   effect is to be given to an acquisition or disposition of a company, division or line of business, the   pro forma   calculation will be calculated in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of such Loan Party in accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act based upon the most recent four full fiscal quarters for which the relevant financial information is available.  
     Pro Forma Financial Model   :  the most recent financial projection model information delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date and approved by the Administrative Agent.  
   Projections  :  as defined in  Section 6.2(c) . 
   Properties  :  as defined in  Section 4.17(a) . 
   Qualified Counterparty  :  with respect to any Specified Swap Agreement, any counterparty thereto that, at the time such Specified Swap Agreement was entered into or as of the 2013 Closing Date, was the Administrative Agent or a Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or a Lender. 
     Qualified ECP Guarantor  :  in respect of any Swap Obligation, (a) each Guarantor that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee Obligation of such Guarantor provided in respect of, or the Lien granted by such Guarantor to secure, such Swap Obligation (or guaranty thereof) becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation, and (b) any other Guarantor  
 33 

that (i) constitutes an  eligible contract participant  under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder, or (ii) can cause another Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Guarantor not then constituting a  Qualified ECP Guarantor ) to qualify as an  eligible contract participant  at such time by entering into a  keepwell, support, or other agreement  as contemplated by Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.  
   Quality of Earnings Report  :  the quality of earnings report (however designated) prepared by BDO USA, LLP in respect of the Acquired Assets. 
   Recipient  :  the Administrative Agent or a Lender, as applicable. 
   Refunded Swingline Loans  :  as defined in  Section 2.7(b) . 
   Register  :  is defined in  Section 10.6(c) . 
   Regulation U  :  Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. 
   Related Parties  :  with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
   Reorganization  :  with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA. 
   Replacement Lender  :  as defined in  Section 2.23 . 
   Required Lenders  :  at any time, (a) if only one Lender holds the outstanding Term Loans and the Total Revolving Commitments, such Lender; and (b) if more than one Lender holds the outstanding Term Loans and the Total Revolving Commitments, then at least two Lenders who hold more than 50% of the  sum  of (i) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding, and (ii) the Total Revolving Commitments (including, without duplication, the L/C Commitments) then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding;  provided  that for the purposes of this clause (b), the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by any Defaulting Lender and the Revolving Commitments of, and the portion of the Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Exposure and Swingline Loans held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
   Requirement of Law  :  as to any Person, (a) the Operating Documents of such Person, (b) any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and any successor thereto or similar authority or successor thereto), and (c) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, and any rules, regulations, interpretations, guidelines or directives promulgated thereunder in each case (a), (b) and (c), applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
     Responsible Officer  :  the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, controller or comptroller of an applicable Loan Party, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, treasurer, controller or comptroller of such Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to  Section 2 , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent.  Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,  
 34 

partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.  
   Restricted Payments  :  as defined in  Section 7.6 . 
   Revolving Commitment  :  as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Revolving Loans and to participate in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading  Revolving Commitment  opposite such Lender s name on  Schedule 1.1A  or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as the amount of any such obligation may be (a) changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof (including in connection with assignments permitted hereunder and including pursuant to  Section 2.10 ), or (b) limited by restrictions on availability set forth herein (including in  Section 2.4 ). 
   Revolving Commitment Period  :  the period from and including the 2013 Closing Date to the Revolving Termination Date. 
   Revolving Extensions of Credit  :  as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the  sum  of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding,  plus  (b) such Lender s L/C Percentage of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including any Existing Letters of Credit) at such time,  plus  (c) such Lender s L/C Percentage of the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans at such time,  plus  (d) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. 
   Revolving Facility  :  the Revolving Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder. 
   Revolving Lender  :  each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or that holds Revolving Loans. 
   Revolving Loan Conversion  :  as defined in  Section 3.5(b) . 
   Revolving Loan Funding Office  :  the office of the Administrative Agent specified in  Section 10.2  or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
   Revolving Loan Note  :  a promissory note in the form of  Exhibit H-1 , as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Revolving Loans  :  as defined in  Section 2.4(a) . 
   Revolving Percentage  :  as to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Revolving Commitment then constitutes of the Total Revolving Commitments or, at any time after the Revolving Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding;  provided  that in the event that the Revolving Loans are paid in full prior to the reduction to zero of the Total Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Percentages shall be determined in a manner designed to ensure that the other outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit shall be held by the Revolving Lenders on a comparable basis. 
     Revolving Termination Date  :  is the date occurring on the five year anniversary of the  
 35 

Amendment and Restatement Date.  
   S P  :  Standard   Poor s Ratings Services. 
   Sale Leaseback Transaction  :  any arrangement with any Person or Persons, whereby in contemporaneous or substantially contemporaneous transactions a Loan Party sells substantially all of its right, title and interest in any property and, in connection therewith, acquires, leases or licenses back the right to use all or a material portion of such property. 
   Sanction(s)   :  any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority.  
   SEC  :  the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
   Secured Obligations  :  as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Secured Parties  :  the collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders (including any Issuing Lender in its capacity as Issuing Lender and any Swingline Lender in its capacity as Swingline Lender), any Bank Services Provider (in its or their respective capacities as providers of Bank Services or FX Contracts), and any Qualified Counterparties. 
   Securities Account  :  any  securities account  as defined in the UCC with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
   Securities Account Control Agreement  :  any Control Agreement entered into by the Administrative Agent, a Loan Party and a securities intermediary holding a Securities Account of such Loan Party pursuant to which the Administrative Agent is granted  control  (for purposes of the UCC) over such Securities Account. 
   Securities Act  :  the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time and any successor statute. 
   Security Documents  :  the collective reference to (a) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, (b) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (c) each SVB Deposit Account Control Agreement, (d) the SVB Securities Securities Account Control Agreement, (e) each Deposit Account Control Agreement, (f) each Securities Account Control Agreement, (g) each Foreign Pledge Document, (h) each Charge Over Bank Accounts, (i) all other security documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the Obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document, (j) all other security documents hereafter delivered to any Bank Services Provider granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the Obligations of any Group Member arising under any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract, (k) each Pledge Supplement, (l) each Assumption Agreement, and (m) all financing statements, fixture filings, Patent, Trademark and Copyright filings, assignments, acknowledgments and other filings, documents and agreements made or delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing. 
    Shareholders  Equity  :  as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders  equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
     Solvent  :  when used with respect to any Person, means that, as of any date of determination,  
 36 

(a) the amount of the  fair value  of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all  liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise,  as of such date, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (b) the  present fair saleable value  of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (c) such Person will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business, and (d) such Person will be able to pay its debts as they mature.  For purposes of this definition, (i)  debt  means liability on a  claim,  and (ii)  claim  means any (x) right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured or (y) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured or unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured.  
   Specified Swap Agreement  :  any Swap Agreement entered into by the Borrower and any Qualified Counterparty (or any Person who was a Qualified Counterparty as of the 2013 Closing Date or as of the date such Swap Agreement was entered into) in respect of interest rates to the extent permitted under  Section 7.13 . 
   Subordinated Debt Document  :  any agreement, certificate, document or instrument executed or delivered by any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries and evidencing Indebtedness of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary which is subordinated to the payment of the Obligations in a manner approved in writing by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, and any renewals, modifications, or amendments thereof which are approved in writing by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 
   Subordinated Indebtedness  :  Indebtedness of a Loan Party subordinated to the Obligations or the Guaranteed Obligations, as applicable, pursuant to subordination terms (including payment, lien and remedies subordination terms, as applicable) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
   Subsidiary  :  as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.  Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a  Subsidiary  or to  Subsidiaries  in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower.   
    Surety Indebtedness  :  as of any date of determination, indebtedness (contingent or otherwise) owing to sureties arising from surety bonds issued on behalf of any Loan Party or its respective Subsidiaries as support for, among other things, their contracts with customers, whether such indebtedness is owing directly or indirectly by such Loan Party or any such Subsidiary. 
   SVB  :  as defined in the preamble hereto. 
     SVB Deposit Account Control Agreement  :  any of (a) the Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated October 28, 2016, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and SVB, (b) the Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated October 28, 2016, among Enterasys, the Administrative  
 37 

Agent and SVB, and (c) any other Control Agreement entered into among any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and SVB.   
   SVB Securities Securities Account Control Agreement  :  the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated October 29, 2013, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, SVB Securities and Apex Clearing Corporation.     
   Swap Agreement  :  any agreement with respect to any swap, hedge, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement (including without limitation, any Interest Rate Agreement) involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions;  provided  that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a  Swap Agreement.  
   Swap Obligation  :  with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation of such Guarantor to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a  swap  within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
   Swap Termination Value  :  in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date any such Swap Agreement has been closed out and termination value determined in accordance therewith, such termination value, and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount determined as the mark-to-market value for such Swap Agreement, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Qualified Counterparty). 
   Swingline Commitment  :  the obligation of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans pursuant to  Section 2.6  in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed $5,000,000 (as such amount may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof).  
   Swingline Lender  :  SVB, in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans. 
   Swingline Loan Note  :  a promissory note in the form of  Exhibit H-2 , as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Swingline Loans  :  as defined in  Section 2.6 . 
   Swingline Participation Amount  :  as defined in  Section 2.7(c) . 
   Synthetic Lease Obligation  :  the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease or (b) an agreement for the use of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
   Taxes  :  all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 38 

Term Commitment   :  as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make a Term Loan to the Borrower under this Agreement in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading  Term Commitment  opposite such Lender s name on   Schedule 1.1A  .  The original aggregate amount of the Term Commitments as of the Amendment and Restatement Date is $90,500,000.  
   Term Facility  :  the Term Commitments and the Term Loans made thereunder. 
   Term Lender  :  each Lender that has a Term Commitment or that holds a Term Loan. 
   Term Loan  :  any of the term loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to  Section 2.1 . 
   Term Loan Funding Office  :  the office of the Administrative Agent specified in  Section 10.2  or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
   Term Loan Maturity Date  :  is the date occurring on the five year anniversary of the Amendment and Restatement Date. 
   Term Loan Note  :  a promissory note in the form of  Exhibit H-3 , as the same may be amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Term Percentage  :  as to any Term Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Term Commitment then constitutes of the aggregate Term Commitments at such time (or, at any time from and after the Amendment and Restatement Date, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Term Loans then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding). 
   Total Credit Exposure  :  is, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments, Revolving Extensions of Credit and outstanding Term Loans of such Lender at such time. 
   Total L/C Commitments  :  at any time, the sum of all L/C Commitments at such time, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.10  or  3.5(b) .  The initial amount of the Total L/C Commitments on the Amendment and Restatement Date is $10,000,000, which Total L/C Commitments are part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Commitments. 
   Total Revolving Commitments  :  at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments then in effect.  For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of the Total Revolving Commitments in effect as of the Amendment and Restatement Date is $50,000,000, subject to the availability limitations set forth herein, and the Total L/C Commitments and the Swingline Commitment are sublimits of, and not in addition to, the Total Revolving Commitments. 
   Total Revolving Extensions of Credit  :  at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit outstanding at such time. 
   Trade Date  : is defined in  Section 10.6(b)(i)(B) . 
   Trademark License  :  any written agreement which (a) names a Loan Party as licensor or licensee and (b) grants to such Loan Party any right to use any Trademark, including any such agreement referred to on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
 39 

Trademarks   :  (a) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, Internet domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the USPTO or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common-law rights related thereto, including any of the foregoing referred to on Schedule 6 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, and (b) the right to obtain all renewals thereof.  
  Transactions :   collectively, the Asset Acquisition, the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement by the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the funding of any Loans hereunder (including for the purpose of financing any portion of the Asset Acquisition Consideration and the refinancing of outstanding loans under the Existing Credit Agreement).  
   Transferee  :  any Eligible Assignee or Participant. 
   Type  :  as to any Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan or a Eurodollar Loan. 
   UBS Securities Account Control Agreement   :   is that certain Account Control Agreement for Corporate Cash Management Accounts, of near or even date herewith, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and UBS Financial Services Inc. 
   Unfriendly Acquisition  :  any acquisition that has not, at the time of the first public announcement of an offer relating thereto, been approved by the board of directors (or other legally recognized governing body) of the Person to be acquired;  except  that with respect to any acquisition of a non-U.S. Person, an otherwise friendly acquisition shall not be deemed to be unfriendly if it is not customary in such jurisdiction to obtain such approval prior to the first public announcement of an offer relating to a friendly acquisition. 
   Uniform Commercial Code   or   UCC  :  the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent legislation) as in effect from time to time in the State of California, or as the context may require, any other applicable jurisdiction. 
   United States   and   U.S.  :  the United States of America. 
   USCRO  :  the US Copyright Office. 
   U.S. Person  :  any Person that is a  United States person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
   USPTO  :  the US Patent and Trademark Office. 
   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate  :  as defined in  Section 2.20(f) . 
   Voting Stock  :  as to any Person, the capital stock of any class or classes or other equity interests (however designated and including general partnership interests in a partnership) of such Person having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or similar governing body of such Person. 
   Wholly Owned Subsidiary  :  as to any Person, any other Person all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors  qualifying shares required by law) is owned by such Person directly and/or through other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 
 40 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary Guarantor   :  any Guarantor that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Loan Party.  
   Withholding Agent  :  any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, as the context may require. 
   Write-Down and Conversion Powers   means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
   Zebra Technologies  :  has the meaning specified in the recitals to this Agreement. 
   1.2 Other Definitional Provisions  .  
 (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto.  
 (b) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (i) accounting terms relating to any Group Member not defined in   Section 1.1  and accounting terms partly defined in  Section 1.1 , to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP, (ii) the words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation,  (iii) the word  incur  shall be construed to mean incur, create, issue, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist (and the words  incurred  and  incurrence  shall have correlative meanings), (iv) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights, and (v) references to agreements (including this Agreement and each other Loan Document) or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, supplemented, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (i), for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of any Group Member shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 (c) The words  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.  The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.   Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (ii) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (iii) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.  
 (d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  
     Section 2    
 41 

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS  
   2.1 Term Commitments  .    
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (and including   Section 2.1(b)  below), each Term Lender severally agrees to make a Term Loan to the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement Date in an amount equal to the amount of the Term Commitment of such Lender in effect as of the Amendment and Restatement Date.  The Term Loans may from time to time be Eurodollar Loans or ABR Loans, as determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with  Sections 2.2  and  2.13 , and once repaid in accordance with the provisions hereof may not be reborrowed.   
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (i) with respect to the outstanding principal amount of any Term Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) that were advanced to the Borrower by any Lender prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date (an    Existing Term Loan  ), the amount of the Term Loan actually funded by such Lender to the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement Date shall be net of the outstanding principal amount of the Existing Term Loan of such Lender on the Amendment and Restatement Date (after giving effect to any payment of the principal amount of such Existing Term Loan on the Amendment and Restatement Date); and (ii) all such Existing Term Loans having been made by any Lender pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and outstanding thereunder immediately prior to the occurrence of the Amendment and Restatement Date (A) shall be deemed for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be Term Loans having been made by such Lender as a Term Lender hereunder (in accordance with the final and allocated Term Commitments of the Lenders specified in  Schedule 1.1A ), (B) shall be deemed to constitute a portion of the Term Commitment of such Lender as a Term Lender as specified in such  Schedule 1.1A  (in accordance with the final and allocated Term Commitments of the Lenders specified in  Schedule 1.1A ), and (C) shall be subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  
   2.2 Procedure for Term Loan Borrowing  .  The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent an irrevocable Notice of Borrowing (which must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, one Business Day prior to the anticipated Amendment and Restatement Date (with originals to follow within three Business Days)) requesting that the Term Lenders make Term Loans on the Amendment and Restatement Date and specifying the amount to be borrowed.  Upon receipt of any such Notice of Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Term Lender thereof.  Not later than 12:00 P.M., Pacific time, on the Amendment and Restatement Date, each Term Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent at the Term Loan Funding Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to the Term Loan or Term Loans to be funded by such Lender on the Amendment and Restatement Date (subject, however, to   Section 2.1(b)  ).  The Administrative Agent shall credit the account of the Borrower on the books of such office of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Term Lenders in immediately available funds.  
   2.3 Repayment of Term Loans  .  Beginning on December 31, 2016, the Term Loans of each Term Lender shall be repaid in consecutive quarterly installments, each of which shall be in an amount equal to such Lender s Term Percentage multiplied by the amount set forth below opposite such installment:   

42 

To the extent not previously paid, all then outstanding Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of payment.   
   2.4 Revolving Commitments  .  
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make revolving credit loans (each, a    Revolving Loan   and, collectively, the   Revolving Loans  ) to the Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount with respect to all such Revolving Loans at any one time outstanding which, when added to the aggregate principal amount of any then outstanding Revolving Loans, any Swingline Loans, the aggregate undrawn amount of all then outstanding Letters of Credit, and the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans, incurred on behalf of the Borrower and owing to such Lender, does not exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment.  In addition, the amount of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit outstanding after giving effect to any requested borrowing of Revolving Loans shall not exceed the Available Revolving Commitments then in effect.  During the Revolving Commitment Period, the Borrower may use the Available Revolving Commitments by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.  The Revolving Loans may from time to time be Eurodollar Loans or ABR Loans, as determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with  Sections 2.5  and  2.13 .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, during the existence of an Event of Default, no Revolving Loan may be borrowed as, converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Loan. 
   (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Existing Credit   
 43 

Agreement or in any other Loan Document, all  Revolving Loans  (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) having been made by any Lender pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and outstanding thereunder immediately prior to the occurrence of the Amendment and Restatement Date (after giving effect to any payment of the principal amount of such Revolving Loans on the Amendment and Restatement Date) (an    Existing Revolving Loan   ) (a) shall be deemed for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be Revolving Loans having been made by the Revolving Lenders hereunder (in accordance with the final and allocated Revolving Commitments of the Lenders specified in   Schedule 1.1A  ), (b) shall be deemed to constitute a portion of the Revolving Commitments of the Revolving Lenders specified in such   Schedule 1.1A   (in accordance with the final and allocated Revolving Commitments of the Lenders specified in   Schedule 1.1A  ), and (c) shall be subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.   
 (c) The Borrower shall repay all outstanding Revolving Loans on the Revolving Termination Date.  
   2.5 Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing  .  The Borrower may borrow up to the Available Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Commitments during the Revolving Commitment Period on any Business Day;   provided   that the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent an irrevocable Notice of Borrowing (which must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, (a) three Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, or (b) one Business Day prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans (in each case, with originals to follow within three Business Days)) (  provided   that any such Notice of Borrowing of ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility to finance payments under   Section 3.5(a)   may be given not later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, on the date of the proposed borrowing), in each such case specifying (i) the amount and Type of Revolving Loans to be borrowed, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date, (iii) in the case of Eurodollar Loans, the respective amounts of each such Type of Loan and the respective lengths of the initial Interest Period therefor, and (iv) instructions for remittance of the proceeds of the applicable Loans to be borrowed.  Each borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of a Eurodollar Loan shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if the then aggregate Available Revolving Commitments are less than $1,000,000, such lesser amount).  Except as provided in   Sections 3.5(b)    and   2.7(b)  , each borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof (or, if the then aggregate Available Revolving Commitments are less than $500,000, such lesser amount).  Upon receipt of any such Notice of Borrowing from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof.  Each Revolving Lender will make the amount of its pro rata share of each such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Borrower at the Revolving Loan Funding Office prior to 12:00 P.M., Pacific time, on the Borrowing Date requested by the Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent.  Such borrowing will then be made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent crediting such account as is designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent.  No Revolving Loan which constitutes a Eurodollar Loan will be funded on the Amendment and Restatement Date.   
     2.6 Swingline Commitment  .  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender agrees to make available a portion of the credit accommodations otherwise available to the Borrower under the Revolving Commitments from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period by making swing line loans (each a    Swingline Loan    and, collectively, the    Swingline Loans   ) to the Borrower;   provided   that (a) the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Swingline Commitment then in effect, (b) the Borrower shall not request, and the Swingline Lender shall not make, any Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to the making of such   
 44 

Swingline Loan, the aggregate amount of the Available Revolving Commitments would be less than zero, and (c) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any then outstanding Swingline Loan.  During the Revolving Commitment Period, the Borrower may use the Swingline Commitment by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.  Swingline Loans shall be ABR Loans only and shall be made only in Dollars.  To the extent not otherwise required by the terms hereof to be repaid prior thereto, the Borrower shall repay to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the Revolving Termination Date.  
   2.7 Procedure for Swingline Borrowing; Refunding of Swingline Loans  .  
 (a) Whenever the Borrower desires that the Swingline Lender make Swingline Loans the Borrower shall give the Swingline Lender irrevocable telephonic notice (which telephonic notice must be received by the Swingline Lender not later than 12:00 P.M., Pacific time, on the proposed Borrowing Date) confirmed promptly in writing by a Notice of Borrowing, specifying (i) the amount to be borrowed, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date (which shall be a Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period), and (iii) instructions for the remittance of the proceeds of such Loan.  Each borrowing under the Swingline Commitment shall be made in whole multiples of $1,000,000.  Promptly thereafter, on the Borrowing Date specified in a notice in respect of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender shall make available to the Borrower an amount in immediately available funds equal to the amount of the Swingline Loan to be made by depositing such amount in the account designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower.  Unless a Swingline Loan is sooner refinanced by the advance of a Revolving Loan pursuant to   Section 2.7(b) , such Swingline Loan shall be repaid by the Borrower no later than five (5) Business Days after the advance of such Swingline Loan. 
 (b) The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion, may, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably directs the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), on one Business Day s telephonic notice given by the Swingline Lender no later than 12:00 P.M., Pacific time, and promptly confirmed in writing, request each Revolving Lender to make, and each Revolving Lender hereby agrees to make, a Revolving Loan, in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage of the aggregate amount of such Swingline Loan (each a    Refunded Swingline Loan  ) outstanding on the date of such notice, to repay the Swingline Lender.  Each Revolving Lender shall make the amount of such Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent at the Revolving Loan Funding Office in immediately available funds, not later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, one Business Day after the date of such notice.  The proceeds of such Revolving Loan shall immediately be made available by the Administrative Agent to the Swingline Lender for application by the Swingline Lender to the repayment of the Refunded Swingline Loan.  The Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to charge the Borrower s accounts with the Administrative Agent (up to the amount available in each such account) immediately to pay the amount of any Refunded Swingline Loan to the extent amounts received from the Revolving Lenders are not sufficient to repay in full such Refunded Swingline Loan. 
   (c) If prior to the time that the Borrower has repaid the Swingline Loans pursuant to   Section 2.7(a)  or a Revolving Loan has been made pursuant to  Section 2.7(b) , one of the events described in  Section 8.1(f)  shall have occurred or if for any other reason, as determined by the Swingline Lender in its reasonable discretion, Revolving Loans may not be made as contemplated by  Section 2.7(b) , each Revolving Lender shall, on the date such Revolving Loan was to have been made pursuant to the notice referred to in  Section 2.7(b)  or on the date requested by the Swingline Lender (with at least one Business Day s notice to the Revolving Lenders), purchase for cash an undivided participating interest in the then outstanding Swingline Loans by paying to the Swingline Lender an amount (the   Swingline Participation Amount  ) equal to (i) such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage  times  (ii) the aggregate principal  
 45 

amount of the outstanding Swingline Loans that were to have been repaid with such Revolving Loans.  
 (d) Whenever, at any time after the Swingline Lender has received from any Revolving Lender such Lender s Swingline Participation Amount, the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of the Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Swingline Participation Amount (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s participating interest was outstanding and funded and, in the case of principal and interest payments, to reflect such Lender s pro rata portion of such payment if such payment is not sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on all Swingline Loans then due);   provided  that in the event that such payment received by the Swingline Lender is required to be returned, such Revolving Lender will return to the Swingline Lender any portion thereof previously distributed to it by the Swingline Lender. 
 (e) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make the Loans referred to in   Section 2.7(b)  and to purchase participating interests pursuant to  Section 2.7(c)  shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Revolving Lender or the Borrower may have against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in  Section 5 , (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Revolving Lender, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 (f) The Swingline Lender may resign at any time by giving 30 days  prior notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower.  After the resignation of the Swingline Lender hereunder, (i) the retiring Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to make any additional Swingline Loans, and (ii) another Lender may be appointed as the new Swingline Lender hereunder so long as (A) each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders agree in writing and in their reasonable discretion to such appointment and (B) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders execute and deliver any such Swingline Loan Note and amendments to the Loan Documents as are reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative agent to give effect to such appointment.   
   2.8 Reserved  .  
   2.9 Fees  .  
 (a)   Upfront Fee .  On or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent an upfront fee in the amount specified in the Fee Letter. 
   (b)   Commitment Fee .  As additional compensation for the Total Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, a fee for the Borrower s non-use of available funds under the Revolving Facility (the   Commitment Fee  ), payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter prior to the Revolving Termination Date, and on the Revolving Termination Date, in an amount equal to the Commitment Fee Rate  multiplied by  the average unused portion of the Total Revolving Commitments, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent.  The average unused portion of the Total Revolving Commitments measured as of any date and for any period ending on such date (the   Average Unused   
 46 

Total Revolving Commitments    as of such date and for such period), for purposes of this calculation, shall equal the   difference   between (i) the Total Revolving Commitments as of such date (as the same shall be reduced from time to time pursuant to   Section 2.10  ), and (ii) the   sum   of (A) the average for such period of the daily closing balance of the Revolving Loans outstanding, (B) the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding as of such date, and (C) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed or converted into Revolving Loans as of such date.  For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Swingline Loans at any time outstanding during such period shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Total Revolving Commitments for purposes of determining the Commitment Fee.  
 (c)   Fee Letter Fees .  Without duplication of  Section 2.9(a) , the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the fees in the amounts and on the dates specified in the Fee Letter, and to perform any other obligations contained therein. 
 (d)   Fees Nonrefundable .  All fees payable under this  Section 2.9  shall be fully earned on the date paid and nonrefundable. 
   2.10 Termination or Reduction of Total Revolving Commitments; Total L/C Commitments  .  
 (a)   Termination or Reduction of Total Revolving Commitments .  The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three Business Days  written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Total Revolving Commitments or from time to time to reduce the amount of the Total Revolving Commitments;  provided  that no such termination or reduction shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans to be made on the effective date thereof the amount of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding would exceed the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect.  Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to $5,000,000, or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or if less, not less than an amount equal to the remaining outstanding Total Revolving Extensions of Credit), and shall reduce permanently the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect;  provided  that, if in connection with any such reduction or termination of the Total Revolving Commitments a Eurodollar Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to  Section 2.21 .  Any reduction of the Total Revolving Commitments shall be applied to the Revolving Commitments of each Lender according to its respective Revolving Percentage.  Any reduction of the Total Revolving Commitments shall be applied to the Revolving Commitments of each Lender according to its respective Revolving Percentage.  All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Total Revolving Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 (b)   Termination or Reduction of Total L/C Commitments .  The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three Business Days  written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Total L/C Commitments available to the Borrower or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Total L/C Commitments available to the Borrower;  provided  that, in any such case, no such termination or reduction of the Total L/C Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto, the Total L/C Commitments shall be reduced to an amount that would result in the aggregate L/C Exposure exceeding the Total L/C Commitments (as so reduced).  Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to $5,000,000, or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and shall reduce permanently the Total L/C Commitments then in effect.  Any reduction of the Total L/C Commitments shall be applied to the L/C Commitments of each Lender according to its respective L/C Percentage.  All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Total L/C Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 47 

2.11  Optional Loan Prepayments  .  
 (a)   Prepayments Generally .  The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Loans, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, upon irrevocable notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, three Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, and no later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, one Business Day prior thereto, in the case of ABR Loans, which notice shall specify the date and amount of the proposed prepayment;  provided  that if a Eurodollar Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to  Section 2.21 ;  provided   further  that if such notice of prepayment indicates that such prepayment is to be funded with the proceeds of a refinancing or in connection with the consummation of a specified transaction, such notice of prepayment may be revoked if the financing or specified transaction is not consummated.  Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof.  If any such notice is given and not revoked, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans and Swingline Loans) accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid.  Partial prepayments of Term Loans and Revolving Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.  Partial prepayments of Swingline Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $100,000 or a whole multiple thereof.  Prepayments of the Term Loans made pursuant to this  Section 2.11  shall be applied to the prepayment of installments due in respect of the Term Loans in reverse order of maturity and in accordance with  Section 2.3  and  2.18(b) . 
   2.12 Reserved  .    
   2.13 Conversion and Continuation Options  .  
 (a) The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Eurodollar Loans to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation of such election no later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, on the Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date;   provided  that any such conversion of Eurodollar Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto.  Subject to  Section 2.17 , the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar Loans by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation of such election no later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, on the third Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date (which notice shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor);  provided  that no ABR Loan may be converted into a Eurodollar Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 
 (b) Subject to   Section 2.17 , any Eurodollar Loan may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the Borrower giving irrevocable notice in a Notice of Conversion/Continuation to the Administrative Agent by no later than 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, on the date occurring three Business Days preceding the proposed continuation date and otherwise in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term  Interest Period  set forth in  Section 1.1 , of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans;  provided  that no Eurodollar Loan may be continued as such when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;  provided   further  that if the Borrower shall fail to give any required notice as described above in this paragraph or if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso, such Loans shall automatically be converted to ABR Loans on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period.  Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 
     2.14 Limitations on Eurodollar Tranches  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   
 48 

Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Eurodollar Loans and all selections of Interest Periods shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Eurodollar Loans comprising each Eurodollar Tranche shall be equal to $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof, and (b) no more than seven Eurodollar Tranches shall be outstanding at any one time.  
   2.15 Interest Rates and Payment Dates  .  
 (a) Each Eurodollar Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to (i) the Eurodollar Rate determined for such day   plus  (ii) the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) Each ABR Loan (including any Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (i) the ABR   plus  (ii) the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, all outstanding Loans shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section   plus  2.00% (the   Default Rate    provided  that the Default Rate shall apply to all outstanding Loans automatically and without any Required Lender consent therefor upon the occurrence of any Event of Default arising under  Section 8.1(a)  or  Section 8.1(f) .  
 (d) Interest on the outstanding principal amount of each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date;   provided  that interest accruing pursuant to  Section 2.15(c)  shall be payable from time to time on demand. 
   2.16 Computation of Interest and Fees  .  
 (a) Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed, except that, with respect to ABR Loans the rate of interest on which is calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate (or, as applicable, on the basis of the Eurodollar Rate), the interest thereon shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed.  The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders of each determination of a Eurodollar Rate (and, as applicable, of the determination of the Eurodollar Rate applicable to such ABR Loan).  Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the ABR or the Eurocurrency Reserve Requirements shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective.  The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate.  
 (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error.  The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to   Section 2.16(a) . 
     2.17 Inability to Determine Interest Rate  .  If prior to the first day of any Interest Period (or, as applicable, on any day on which an ABR Loan bearing interest determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate, is outstanding), the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower) in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Loan, a request for an ABR Loan to bear interest with reference to the Eurodollar Rate, or a conversion to or a continuation of either of the foregoing that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant market,   
 49 

(a) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such requested Loan or conversion or continuation, as applicable, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period, or (c) the Eurodollar Rate determined or to be determined for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (as conclusively certified by such Lenders) of making or maintaining their affected Loans during such Interest Period, then, in any such case (a), (b) or (c), the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders thereof as soon as practicable thereafter.  Any such determination shall specify the basis for such determination and shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes.  Thereafter, (i) any Eurodollar Loans under the relevant Facility requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period shall be made as ABR Loans, (ii) any such requested ABR Loans which were to have utilized the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the ABR shall not utilize a Eurodollar Rate component in determining the ABR applicable to such requested ABR Loan, (iii) any Loans under the relevant Facility that were to have been converted on the first day of such Interest Period to Eurodollar Loans shall be continued as ABR Loans and (iv) any outstanding Eurodollar Loans under the relevant Facility shall be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to ABR Loans.  Until such notice has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent, no further Eurodollar Loans under the relevant Facility shall be made or continued as such, nor shall the Borrower have the right to convert Loans under the relevant Facility to Eurodollar Loans, and the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining ABR shall be suspended.  
   2.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments  .  
 (a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from the Lenders hereunder, each payment by the Borrower on account of any commitment fee and any reduction of the Commitments shall be made pro rata according to the respective Term Percentages, L/C Percentages or Revolving Percentages, as the case may be, of the relevant Lenders.  
 (b) Except as otherwise provided herein, each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Term Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Term Loans then held by the Term Lenders.  The amount of each principal prepayment of the Term Loans shall be applied to reduce the then remaining installments of the Term Loans pro rata based upon the respective then remaining principal amounts thereof.  Any prepayment of Loans shall be applied to the then outstanding Term Loans on a pro rata basis regardless of type.  Amounts prepaid on account of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed.  
 (c) Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Revolving Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Revolving Loans then held by the Revolving Lenders.  
   (d) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff and shall be made prior to 10:00 A.M., Pacific time, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the applicable Funding Office, in Dollars and in immediately available funds.  The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Lenders promptly upon receipt in like funds as received.  Any payment received by the Administrative Agent after 10:00 A.M. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurodollar Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day.  If any payment on a Eurodollar Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to   
 50 

the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.  In the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension.    
 (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to the date of any borrowing that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date in accordance with   Section 2 , and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  If such amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, on demand, such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date on which such amount is made available to the Borrower but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, a rate equal to the  greater  of (A) the Federal Funds Effective Rate, and (B) a rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans under the relevant Facility.  If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period.  If such Lender pays its share of the applicable borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such borrowing.  Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower is making such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of Administrative Agent or any Lender against any Loan Party.  
 (g) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this   Section 2 , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable extension of credit set forth in  Section 5.1  or  Section 5.2  are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
   (h) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to (i) make Term Loans, (ii) make Revolving Loans, (iii) to fund its participations in L/C Disbursements in accordance with its respective L/C Percentage, (iv) to fund its respective Swingline Participation Amount of any Swingline Loan, and (v) to make payments pursuant to   Section 9.7 , as applicable, are several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any such Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any such payment under  
 51 

Section 9.7   on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under   Section 9.7  .  
 (i) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.  
 (j) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i)   first , toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii)  second , toward payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
   (k) If any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the principal of or interest on any Loan made by it, its participation in the L/C Exposure or other obligations hereunder, as applicable (other than pursuant to a provision hereof providing for non-pro rata treatment), in excess of its Term Percentage, Revolving Percentage or L/C Percentage, as applicable, of such payment on account of the Loans or participations obtained by all of the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith advise the Administrative Agent of the receipt of such payment, and within five Business Days of such receipt purchase (for cash at face value) from the other Term Lenders, Revolving Lenders or L/C Lenders, as applicable (through the Administrative Agent), without recourse, such participations in the Term Loans or Revolving Loans made by them and/or participations in the L/C Exposure held by them, as applicable, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of the other Lenders in accordance with their respective Term Percentages, Revolving Percentages or L/C Percentages, as applicable;   provided ,  however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered by or on behalf of the Borrower from such purchasing Lender, the purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.  The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this  Section 2.18(k)  may exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.  No documentation other than notices and the like referred to in this  Section 2.18(k)  shall be required to implement the terms of this  Section 2.18(k) .  The Administrative Agent shall keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased pursuant to this  Section 2.18(k)  and shall in each case notify the Term Lenders, the Revolving Lenders or the L/C Lenders, as applicable, following any such purchase.  The provisions of this  Section 2.18(k)  shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (ii) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in  Section 3.10 , or (iii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or sub-participations in any L/C Exposure to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply unless such assignment is consented to by the Required Lenders).  The Borrower consents on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Loan Party in the amount of such participation.  For the avoidance of doubt, no amounts received by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Guarantor that is not a Qualified ECP Guarantor shall  
 52 

be applied in partial or complete satisfaction of any Excluded Swap Obligations.  
 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion at any time or from time to time, without the Borrower s request and even if the conditions set forth in   Section 5.2  would not be satisfied, make a Revolving Loan in an amount equal to the portion of the Obligations constituting overdue interest and fees and Swingline Loans from time to time due and payable to itself, any Revolving Lender, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Lender, and apply the proceeds of any such Revolving Loan to those Obligations;  provided  that after giving effect to any such Revolving Loan, the aggregate outstanding Revolving Loans will not exceed the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect. 
   2.19 Illegality; Requirements of Law  .  
 (a)   Illegality .  If any Lender determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined with reference to the Eurodollar Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the ABR, the interest on such ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the ABR, in each case, until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid the illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the ABR), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loans, and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall, during the period of such suspension, compute the ABR applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the ABR until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest based on the Eurodollar Rate.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 (b)   Requirements of Law .  If the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction or the making or issuance of any request, rule, guidance or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof: 
 (i) shall subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its Loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;  
   (ii) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit,   
 53 

compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate); or  
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;  
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining Loans determined with reference to the Eurodollar Rate or of maintaining its obligation to make such Loans, or to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of issuing, maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce any amount receivable or received by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder in respect thereof (whether in respect of principal, interest or any other amount), then, in any such case, upon the request of such Lender or other Recipient (which request shall include an explanation of the basis for such request), the Borrower shall promptly pay such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable.  If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this paragraph, it shall promptly notify the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. 
 (c) If any Lender determines that any change in any Requirement of Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such change in such Requirement of Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, upon the request of such Lender (which request shall include an explanation of the basis for such request) the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered.  
 (d) For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, or directives in connection therewith are deemed to have gone into effect and been adopted after the date of this Agreement, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  change in any Requirement of Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.  
   (e) A reasonably detailed written certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to paragraphs (b), (c), or (d) of this Section submitted by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt of such certificate.  Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 2.19 , the Borrower shall not be required to  
 54 

compensate a Lender pursuant to this   Section 2.19   for any amounts incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the change in the Requirement of Law giving rise to such increased costs and reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor;   provided   that if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such nine-month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect.  The obligations of the Borrower arising pursuant to this   Section 2.19   shall survive the Discharge of Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent.  
   2.20 Taxes  .  For purposes of this   Section 2.20  , the term  Lender  includes the Issuing Lender and the term  applicable law  includes FATCA.  
 (a)   Payments Free of Taxes .  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law and the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party, to comply with the requirements set forth in this  Section 2.20 .  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b)   Payment of Other Taxes .  The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party to, timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes applicable to such Loan Party. 
 (c)   Evidence of Payments .  As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this  Section 2.20 , the Borrower shall, or shall cause such other Loan Party to, deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d)   Indemnification by Loan Parties .  The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party to, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, (which demand shall include an explanation of the basis for such demand) for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this  Section 2.20 ) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto (including any recording and filing fees with respect thereto or resulting therefrom and any liabilities with respect to, or resulting from, any delay in paying such Indemnified Taxes), whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  If any Loan Party fails to pay any Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence, such Loan Party shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for any incremental taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of any such failure. 
 55 

(e)    Indemnification by Lenders  .  Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of   Section 10.6   relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).  
 (f)   Status of Lenders . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Sections 2.20(f)(ii)(A) ,  (ii)(B)  and  (ii)(D)  below) shall not be required if the Lender is not legally entitled to complete, execute or deliver such documentation or, in the Lender s reasonable judgment, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,  
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), copies of executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:  
   (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, copies of executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E   
 56 

establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty;  
 (2) copies of executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI;  
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit F-1  to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate  ) and (y) copies of executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, copies of executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit F-2  or  Exhibit F-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;  provided  that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of  Exhibit F-4  on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), copies of executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and  
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  
   (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.  Each Foreign Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower at any time it determines that it is no   
 57 

longer in a position to provide any previously delivered certificate to the Borrower (or any other form of certification adopted by the U.S. taxing authorities for such purpose).  Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, a Foreign Lender shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this paragraph that such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver.  
 (iv) For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Amendment and Restatement Date, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement and the Obligations as not qualifying as a  grandfathered obligation  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i).  
 (g)   Treatment of Certain Refunds .  If any party determines, in its reasonable discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this  Section 2.20  (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this  Section 2.20 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (h)   Survival .  Each party s obligations under this  Section 2.20  shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, and the Discharge of Obligations. 
     2.21 Indemnity  .  The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) a default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) a default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, or (c) for any reason, the making of a prepayment of Eurodollar Loans on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto.  Such losses and expenses shall be equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or not so borrowed, reduced, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, reduce, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, reduce, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest or other return for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any), over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodollar market.  A   
 58 

certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.  This covenant shall survive the Discharge of Obligations.  
   2.22 Change of Lending Office  .  Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of   Section 2.19(b)  ,   Section 2.19(c)  ,   Section 2.20(a)  ,   Section 2.20(b)   or   Section 2.20(d)   with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans affected by such event or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, in each case, with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event;   provided   that such designation is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal, regulatory or other disadvantage;   provided     further   that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to   Section 2.19(b)  ,   Section 2.19(c)  ,   Section 2.20(a)  ,   Section 2.20(b)   or   Section 2.20(d)  .  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment made at the request of the Borrower.  
   2.23 Substitution of Lenders  .  Upon the receipt by the Borrower of any of the following (or in the case of clause (a) below, if the Borrower is required to pay any such amount), with respect to any Lender (any such Lender described in clauses (a) through (c) below being referred to as an    Affected Lender    hereunder):  
 (a) a request from a Lender for payment of Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts under   Section 2.20  or of increased costs pursuant to  Section 2.19  (and, in any such case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with  Section 2.22  or is a Non-Consenting Lender); 
 (b) a notice from the Administrative Agent under   Section 10.1(b)  that one or more Minority Lenders are unwilling to agree to an amendment or other modification approved by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent; or 
 (c) notice from the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender;  
   then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the Administrative Agent and such Affected Lender:  (i) request that one or more of the other Lenders acquire and assume all or part of such Affected Lender s Loans and Commitments; or (ii) designate a replacement lending institution (which shall be an Eligible Assignee) to acquire and assume all or a ratable part of such Affected Lender s Loans and Commitments (the replacing Lender or lender in (i) or (ii) being a   Replacement Lender    provided ,  however , that the Borrower shall be liable for the payment upon demand of all costs and other amounts arising under  Section 2.21  that result from the acquisition of any Affected Lender s Loan and/or Commitments (or any portion thereof) by a Lender or Replacement Lender, as the case may be, on a date other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Loans then outstanding.  The Affected Lender replaced pursuant to this  Section 2.23  shall be required to assign and delegate, without recourse, all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to one or more Replacement Lenders that so agree to acquire and assume all or a ratable part of such Affected Lender s Loans and Commitments upon payment to such Affected Lender of an amount (in the aggregate for all Replacement Lenders) equal to 100% of the outstanding principal of the Affected Lender s Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from such Replacement Lenders (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the  
 59 

Borrower (in the case of all other amounts, including amounts under   Section 2.21   hereof).  Any such designation of a Replacement Lender shall be effected in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the assignment provisions contained in   Section 10.6   (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Borrower in such instance), and, if such Replacement Lender is not already a Lender hereunder or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any assignment pursuant to this   Section 2.23  , (a) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under   Section 2.19   or payments required to be made pursuant to   Section 2.20  , such assignment shall result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; (b) such assignment shall not conflict with applicable law and (c) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender being a Minority Lender referred to in clause (b) of this   Section 2.23  , the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Affected Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Affected Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.  
   2.24 Defaulting Lenders  .  
 (a)   Adjustments .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
 (i)   Waivers and Amendments .  Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in  Section 10.1  and in the definitions of Majority Revolving Lenders, Majority Term Lenders and Required Lenders. 
   (ii)   Defaulting Lender Waterfall .  Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to  Section 8  or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to  Section 10.7 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:  first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;  second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Lender or to the Swingline Lender hereunder;  third , to be held as Cash Collateral for the funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit;  fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent;  fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement, and (y) be held as Cash Collateral for the future funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender of any participation in any future Letter of Credit;  sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to any L/C Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any L/C Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;  seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and  eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;  provided  that if (A) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Advances in  
 60 

respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (B) such Loans or L/C Advances were made at a time when the conditions set forth in   Section 5.2   were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Advances owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Advances owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Advances and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable Facility without giving effect to   Section 2.24(a)(iv)  .  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this   Section 2.24(a)(ii)   shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.  
 (iii)   Certain Fees . 
 (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee pursuant to   Section 2.9(b)  for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender). 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit Fees as provided in   Section 3.3(d) . 
 (C) With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such Letter of Credit Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to the Issuing Lender and to the Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee or Letter of Credit Fee, as applicable, otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the Issuing Lender s or the Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee or Letter of Credit Fee, as applicable.  
   (iv)   Reallocation of Pro Rata Share to Reduce Fronting Exposure .  During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to  Section 3.4  or in Swingline Loans pursuant to  Section 2.7(c) , the L/C Percentage of each Non-Defaulting Lender of any such Letter of Credit and the Revolving Percentage of each Non-Defaulting Lender of any such Swingline Loan, as the case may be, shall be computed without giving effect to the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender;  provided  that, (A) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (B) the aggregate obligations of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Revolving Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender  minus  (2) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Revolving Loans of that Lender plus the aggregate amount of that Lender s L/C Percentage of then outstanding Letters of Credit  plus  the aggregate amount of that Lender s Revolving Percentage of then outstanding Swingline Loans that have not been converted into Revolving Loans, and (C) the conditions set forth in  Section 5.2  are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time).  Subject to  Section 10.23 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such  
 61 

reallocation.  
 (v)   Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans .  If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure, and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in  Section 3.10 . 
 (b)   Defaulting Lender Cure .  If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Lender agree in writing in their reasonable discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Percentages, L/C Percentages and Term Percentages, as applicable (without giving effect to  Section 2.24(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;  provided  that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and  provided   further  that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (c)   New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit .  So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) no Issuing Lender shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit after giving effect thereto. 
 (d)   Termination of Defaulting Lender .  The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of any Revolving Lender that is a Defaulting Lender upon not less than ten Business Days  prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof), and in such event the provisions of  Section 2.24(a)(ii)  will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts);  provided  that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Bank or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 
   2.25 Notes  .  If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person who is an assignee of such Lender pursuant to   Section 10.6  ) (promptly after the Borrower s receipt of such notice) a Note or Notes to evidence such Lender s Loans.  
   Section 3   LETTERS OF CREDIT 
   3.1 L/C Commitment  .  
 62 

(a)  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Lender agrees to issue letters of credit (each, a    Letter of Credit        and, collectively,     the    Letters of Credit   ) for the account of the Borrower on any Business Day during the Letter of Credit Availability Period in such form as may reasonably be approved from time to time by the Issuing Lender;   provided   that the Issuing Lender shall have no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, either the L/C Exposure would exceed the Total L/C Commitments or the Available Revolving Commitments would be less than zero.  Each Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in Dollars, and (ii) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the Letter of Credit Maturity Date,   provided   that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above).  For the avoidance of doubt, no commercial letters of credit shall be issued by the Issuing Lender to any Person under this Agreement.   
 (b) The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if:  
 (i) such issuance would conflict with, or cause the Issuing Lender or any L/C Lender to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law;  
 (ii) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Lender from issuing, amending or reinstating such Letter of Credit, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Issuing Lender or any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Lender shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Lender refrain from, the issuance, amendment, renewal or reinstatement of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Lender with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Lender is not otherwise compensated) not in effect on the  Amendment and Restatement Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Lender any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Amendment and Restatement Date and which the Issuing Lender in good faith deems material to it; 
 (iii) the Issuing Lender has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or reinstatement of such Letter of Credit, that one or more of the applicable conditions contained in   Section 5.2  shall not then be satisfied (which notice shall contain a description of any such condition asserted not to be satisfied); 
 (iv) any requested Letter of Credit is not in form and substance acceptable to the Issuing Lender, or the issuance, amendment or renewal of a Letter of Credit shall violate any applicable laws or regulations or any applicable policies of the Issuing Lender;  
 (v) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions providing for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder;  
 (vi) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, such Letter of Credit is in an initial face amount less than $500,000; or  
   (vii) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the Issuing Lender has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral pursuant to   Section 3.10 , satisfactory to the Issuing Lender (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Defaulting Lender to eliminate the Issuing Lender s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to  
 63 

Section 2.24(a)(iv)  ) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or such Letter of Credit and all other L/C Exposure as to which the Issuing Lender has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.  
   3.2 Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit  .  The Borrower may from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower by delivering to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, completed to the satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Issuing Lender may request.  Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender will process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its customary procedures and shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall the Issuing Lender be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower.  The Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof.  The Issuing Lender shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Lenders, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof).  
   3.3 Fees and Other Charges  .  
 (a) The Borrower agrees to pay, with respect to each Existing Letter of Credit and each outstanding Letter of Credit issued for the account of (or at the request of) the Borrower, (i) at all times during which more than one Lender is party to this Agreement, a fronting fee of 0.125% per annum on the daily amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit to the Issuing Lender for its own account (a    Letter of Credit Fronting Fee  ), (ii) a letter of credit fee equal to the Applicable Margin relating to Letters of Credit  multiplied  by the daily amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit on the drawable amount of such Letter of Credit to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the L/C Lenders (determined in accordance with their respective L/C Percentages) (a   Letter of Credit Fee  ), and (iii) the Issuing Lender s standard and reasonable fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit issued for the account of (or at the request of) the Borrower or processing of drawings thereunder (the fees in this clause (iii), collectively, the   Issuing Lender Fees  ).  The Issuing Lender Fees shall be paid when required by the Issuing Lender, and the Letter of Credit Fronting Fee and the Letter of Credit Fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the Letter of Credit Maturity Date (each, an   L/C Fee Payment Date  ) after the issuance date of such Letter of Credit.  All Letter of Credit Fronting Fees and Letter of Credit Fees shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days. 
 (b) In addition to the foregoing fees, the Borrower shall pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit.  
 (c) The Borrower shall furnish to the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to any requested Letter of Credit issuance, amendment or renewal, including any L/C-Related Documents, as the Issuing Lender or the Administrative Agent may require.  This Agreement shall control in the event of any conflict with any L/C-Related Document (other than any Letter of Credit).  
 64 

(d)  Any Letter of Credit Fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory to the Issuing Lender pursuant to   Section 3.10   shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to the other L/C Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective L/C Percentages allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to   Section 2.23(a)(iv)  , with the balance of such Letter of Credit Fees, if any, payable to the Issuing Lender for its own account.  
 (e) All fees payable pursuant to this   Section 3.3  shall be fully-earned on the date paid and shall not be refundable for any reason. 
   3.4 L/C Participations; Existing Letters of Credit  .  
 (a)   L/C Participations .  The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Lender, and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit, each L/C Lender irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L/C Lender s own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Lender s L/C Percentage in the Issuing Lender s obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder.  Each L/C Lender agrees with the Issuing Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which the Issuing Lender is not reimbursed in full by the Borrower pursuant to  Section 3.5(a) , such L/C Lender shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Lender s L/C Percentage of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed.  Each L/C Lender s obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Lender may have against the Issuing Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in  Section 5.2 , (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other L/C Lender, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 (b)   Existing Letters of Credit .  On and after the Amendment and Restatement Date, each Existing Letter of Credit shall be deemed for all purposes, including for purposes of the fees to be collected pursuant to  Sections 3.3(a)  and  (b) , reimbursement of costs and expenses to the extent provided herein and for purposes of being secured by the Collateral, a Letter of Credit outstanding under this Agreement and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall be governed by the applications and agreements pertaining thereto and by this Agreement (which shall control in the event of a conflict). 
   3.5 Reimbursement  .  
 (a) If the Issuing Lender shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof and the Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid to the Issuing Lender an amount equal to the entire amount of such L/C Disbursement not later than (i) the immediately following Business Day if the Issuing Lender issues such notice before 10:00 a.m. Pacific time on the date of such L/C Disbursement, or (ii) on the second following Business Day if the Issuing Lender issues such notice at or after 10:00 a.m. Pacific time on the date of such L/C Disbursement.  Each such payment shall be made to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices referred to herein in Dollars and in immediately available funds.  
 65 

(b)  If the Issuing Lender shall not have received from the Borrower the payment that it is required to make pursuant to   Section 3.5(a)   with respect to a Letter of Credit within the time specified in such Section, the Issuing Lender will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of the L/C Disbursement and the Administrative Agent will promptly notify each L/C Lender of such L/C Disbursement and its L/C Percentage thereof, and each L/C Lender shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Lender s L/C Percentage of such L/C Disbursement (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) and upon such payment pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Lender for any L/C Disbursement, the Borrower shall be required to reimburse the L/C Lenders for such payments (including interest accrued thereon from the date of such payment until the date of such reimbursement at the rate applicable to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans plus 2% per annum) on demand;   provided   that if at the time of and after giving effect to such payment by the L/C Lenders, the conditions to borrowings and Revolving Loan Conversions set forth in   Section 5.2   are satisfied, the Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent certifying that such conditions are satisfied and that all interest owing under this paragraph has been paid, request that such payments by the L/C Lenders be converted into Revolving Loans (a    Revolving Loan Conversion   ), in which case, if such conditions are in fact satisfied, the L/C Lenders shall be deemed to have extended, and the Borrower shall be deemed to have accepted, a Revolving Loan in the aggregate principal amount of such payment without further action on the part of any party, and the Total L/C Commitments shall be permanently reduced by such amount; any amount so paid pursuant to this paragraph shall, on and after the payment date thereof, be deemed to be Revolving Loans for all purposes hereunder;   provided   that the Issuing Lender, at its option, may effectuate a Revolving Loan Conversion regardless of whether the conditions to borrowings and Revolving Loan Conversions set forth in   Section 5.2   are satisfied.  
   3.6 Obligations Absolute  .  The Borrower s obligations under this   Section 3   shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that the Borrower may have or have had against the Issuing Lender, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person.  The Borrower also agrees with the Issuing Lender that the Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for, and the Borrower s obligations hereunder shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of the Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee.  The Issuing Lender shall not be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for errors or omissions found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Lender.  The Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by the Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding on the Borrower and shall not result in any liability of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower.  
   In addition to amounts payable as elsewhere provided in the Agreement, the Borrower hereby agrees to pay and to protect, indemnify, and save Issuing Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and allocated costs of internal counsel) that the Issuing Lender may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of (a) the issuance of any Letter of Credit, or (b) the failure of Issuing Lender or of any L/C Lender to honor a demand for payment under any Letter of Credit thereof as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or Governmental Authority, in each case other than to the extent solely as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Issuing Lender or such L/C Lender (as finally determined by a  
 66 

court of competent jurisdiction).  
   3.7 Letter of Credit Payments  .  If any draft shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of the date and amount thereof.  The responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit.  
   3.8 Applications  .  To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this   Section 3  , the provisions of this   Section 3   shall apply.  
   3.9 Interim Interest  .  If the Issuing Lender shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, then, unless either the Borrower shall have reimbursed such L/C Disbursement in full within the time period specified in   Section 3.5(a)   or the L/C Lenders shall have reimbursed such L/C Disbursement in full on such date as provided in   Section 3.5(b)  , in each case the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest for the account of the Issuing Lender, for each day from and including the date of such L/C Disbursement to but excluding the earlier of the date of payment by the Borrower, at the rate per annum that would apply to such amount if such amount were a Revolving Loan that is an ABR Loan;   provided   that the provisions of   Section 2.15(c)   shall be applicable to any such amounts not paid when due.  
   3.10 Cash Collateral  .  
 (a)   Certain Credit Support Events .  Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (i) if the Issuing Lender has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Advance by all the L/C Lenders that is not reimbursed by the Borrower or converted into a Revolving Loan pursuant to  Section 3.5(b) , or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Maturity Date, any L/C Exposure for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrower shall, in each case, promptly Cash Collateralize the then effective L/C Exposure in an amount equal to 105% of such L/C Exposure. 
 At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover 105% of the Fronting Exposure relating to Letters of Credit (after giving effect to  Section 2.24(a)(iv)  and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). 
   (b)   Grant of Security Interest .  All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts with the Administrative Agent.  The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Lender or Defaulting Lender, such Lender or Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the L/C Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest and Lien in all such Cash Collateral and in all proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to  Section 3.10(c) .  If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Lender as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than 105% of the applicable L/C Exposure, Fronting Exposure and other Obligations secured thereby, the Borrower or the relevant Lender or Defaulting Lender, as applicable, will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or  
 67 

provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender).  
 (c)   Application .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this  Section 3.10 ,  Section 2.24  or otherwise in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Exposure, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (d)   Termination of Requirement .  Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit or other Obligations shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this  Section 3.10  following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure and other Obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of the Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) a determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral;  provided ,  however , (A) that Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of an Event of Default, and (B) that, subject to  Section 2.24 , the Person providing such Cash Collateral and the Issuing Lender may agree that such Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations, and  provided   further , that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to any security interest and Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents or any applicable Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract. 
   3.11 Additional Issuing Lenders  .  The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and such Lender or Lenders, as applicable, designate one or more additional Lenders to act as a Letter of Credit issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement.  Any Lender designated as a Letter of Credit issuing bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed to be an    Issuing Lender    (in addition to being a Lender) in respect of Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Lender, and, with respect to such Letters of Credit, such term shall thereafter apply to the other Issuing Lender and such Lender.  
     3.12 Resignation of the Issuing Lender  .  The Issuing Lender may resign at any time by giving at least 30 days  prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower.  Subject to the next succeeding paragraph, upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Issuing Lender hereunder by a Lender that shall agree to serve as successor Issuing Lender, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the interests, rights and obligations of the retiring Issuing Lender and the retiring Issuing Lender shall be discharged from its obligations to issue additional Letters of Credit hereunder without affecting its rights and obligations with respect to Letters of Credit previously issued by it.  At the time such resignation shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all accrued and unpaid fees pursuant to   Section 3.3  .  The acceptance of any appointment as the Issuing Lender hereunder by a successor Lender shall be evidenced by an agreement entered into by such successor, in a form satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such successor Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the previous Issuing Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than with respect to the rights of the retiring Issuing Lender with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such retiring Issuing Lender) and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term  Issuing Lender  shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context shall require.  After the resignation of the Issuing Lender hereunder, the retiring Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit   
 68 

issued by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or to extend, renew or increase any existing Letter of Credit.  
   3.13 Applicability of ISP  .  Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including pursuant to any such agreement applicable to any Existing Letter of Credit) and subject to applicable laws, the Letters of Credit shall be governed by and subject to the rules of the ISP.  
   Section 4   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, to make any requested Loans on the Amendment and Restatement Date and to make Loans and to issue the Letters of Credit thereafter, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender , as to itself, each of its Subsidiaries and each other Loan Party, as applicable,  that: 
   4.1 Financial Condition  .  
 (a) The Pro Forma Financial Model has been prepared giving effect (as if such events had occurred as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended September 30, 2016) to (i) the consummation of the Asset Acquisition, (ii) the Loans to be made on the Amendment and Restatement Date and the use of proceeds thereof, and (iii) the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.  The Pro Forma Financial Model has been prepared based on the best information available to the Borrower as of the date thereof, and presents fairly in all material respects on a   pro forma  basis the estimated and projected consolidated financial position of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016, assuming that the events specified in the preceding sentence had actually occurred at such date. 
 (b) The audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2016, reported on by and accompanied by an unqualified report from KPMG LLP, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the respective fiscal year then ended.  The unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015, March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016    present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such dates, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the three-month periods then ended (subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year end audit adjustments).  All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto and all financial statements delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 6.1 , and the Quality of Earnings Report delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 5.1 , have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein).  None of any Group Member had, as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, any material Guarantee Obligations, contingent liabilities and liabilities for taxes, or any long term leases or unusual forward or long term commitments, including any interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction or other obligation in respect of derivatives, that, to the extent required to be shown in accordance with GAAP, are not reflected in the most recent financial statements referred to in this paragraph.  During the period from June 30, 2016 to and including the Amendment and Restatement Date, there has been no Disposition by any Group Member of any material part of its business or property. 
     4.2 No Change  .  Since June 30, 2016, there has been no development or event that has had   
 69 

or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
   4.3 Existence; Compliance with Law  .  Each Loan Party (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its material property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) is in material compliance with all Requirements of Law except in such instances in which (i) such Requirement of Law is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and the prosecution of such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
   4.4 Power, Authorization; Enforceable Obligations  .  Each Loan Party has the power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain extensions of credit hereunder.  Each Loan Party has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  No Governmental Approval or consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any other Person is required in connection with the Asset Acquisition and the extensions of credit hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, except (i) Governmental Approvals, consents, authorizations, filings and notices described in   Part A   of   Schedule 4.4  , which Governmental Approvals, consents, authorizations, filings and notices have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) the filings referred to in   Section 4.19  , (iii) Governmental Approvals described in   Part B   of   Schedule 4.4  , and (iv) any approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto.  This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document constitutes or, upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles and principles of good faith and fair dealing (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law).  
   4.5 No Legal Bar  .  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the issuance of Letters of Credit, consummation of the Transactions, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any material Requirement of Law (except as set forth in   Schedule 4.5   but including any Operating Document of any Loan Party) or any material Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any material Requirement of Law or any such material Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents).  No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the absence of obtaining the Governmental Approvals described in Part B of   Schedule 4.4  , nor any violation of any of the Requirements of Law referenced in   Schedule 4.5  , could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
     4.6 Litigation  .  No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any   
 70 

Group Member or against any of their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) except as specifically described in   Schedule 4.6  , that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There has been no adverse change in the status or financial effect on any Group Member of the matters described in   Schedule 4.6  .   
   4.7 No Default  .  No Group Member is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, nor shall either result from the making of a requested credit extension.  
   4.8 Ownership of Property; Liens; Investments  .  Each Group Member has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of its real property, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of its other material property, and none of such property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by   Section 7.3  .    No Loan Party owns any Investment except as permitted by Section 7.8.  No Loan Party owns any fee interest in real estate as of the Amendment and Restatement Date.  Section 10 of the 2013 Collateral Information Certificate sets forth a complete and accurate list of all leases of real property under which any Loan Party is the lessee as of the 2013 Closing Date.  Section 11 of the Collateral Information Certificate sets forth a complete and accurate list of all leases of real property under which any Loan Party is the lessee as of the date hereof with respect to the Asset Acquisition.     
   4.9 Intellectual Property  .  Each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all material Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted.  No claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning any Group Member s use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any such Group Member s Intellectual Property, nor does the Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim, unless such claim could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, the use of Intellectual Property by each Group Member, and the conduct of such Group Member s business, as currently conducted, does not infringe on or otherwise violate the rights of any Person, unless such infringement could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, there are no claims pending or threatened to such effect.  
   4.10 Taxes  .  Each Group Member has filed or caused to be filed all Federal, all income and all other material state and other tax returns that are required to be filed by it and has paid all material taxes shown to be due and payable by it on said returns or on any material assessments made against it or any of its property and all other material taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member); no material tax Lien has been filed against any Group Member (other than Liens permitted by   Section 7.3(a)  ), and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no material claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge.    
   4.11 Federal Regulations  .  No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used (a) for  buying  or  carrying  any  margin stock  within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to time hereafter in effect for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board or (b) for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board.  If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U.  
 71 

4.12  Labor Matters  .  Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:  (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Group Member pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened; (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of each Group Member have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from any Group Member on account of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Group Member.  
   4.13 ERISA  .  (a) Each Loan Party and each of its respective ERISA Affiliates are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions and requirements of ERISA with respect to each Pension Plan, and have performed all their obligations under each Pension Plan;  
 (b)  no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; 
 (c)  each Loan Party and each of its respective ERISA Affiliates has met all applicable requirements under the ERISA Funding Rules with respect to each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the ERISA Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; 
 (d)  as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is at least 60%, and no Loan Party nor any of its respective ERISA Affiliates knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage to fall below 60% as of the most recent valuation date; 
 (e)  as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the amount of outstanding benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), does not exceed $5,000,000;  
 (f)  the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to the prohibitions of Section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which taxes could be imposed pursuant to Section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code; 
 (g)  all liabilities under each Pension Plan are (i) funded to at least the minimum level required by law, (ii) provided for or recognized in the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto or (iii) estimated in the formal notes to the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto; and; 
 (h)  (i) no Loan Party is nor will any such Loan Party be a  plan  within the meaning of Section 4975(e) of the Code; (ii) the respective assets of the Loan Parties do not and will not constitute  plan assets  within the meaning of the United States Department of Labor Regulations set forth in 29 C.F.R.  2510.3-101; (iii) no Loan Party is nor will any such Loan Party be a  governmental plan  within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA; and (iv) transactions by or with any Loan Party are not and will not be subject to state statutes applicable to such Loan Party regulating investments of fiduciaries with respect to governmental plans; 
     4.14 Investment Company Act; Other Regulations  .  No Loan Party is an  investment company,  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company , within the meaning of the   
 72 

Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  Except as set forth in   Schedule 4.5  , no such Loan Party is subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law (other than Regulation X of the Board), including the Federal Power Act, that may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness or that may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable.    
   4.15 Subsidiaries  .  Except as disclosed, or to be disclosed, in accordance with the requirements of   Section 6.2(g)(ii)  , (a)   Schedule 4.15   (as updated from time to time in accordance with   Section 6.2(g)(ii)  ) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Borrower and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party, and (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors  qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary of the Borrower, except as may be created by the Loan Documents and except as are disclosed on   Schedule 4.15   (as updated from time to time in accordance with   Section 6.2(g)(ii)  ).  
   4.16 Use of Proceeds  .  The proceeds of the Term Loans and the Revolving Loans shall be used (a) on the Amendment and Restatement Date, to repay the outstanding loans of lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement that are either not Lenders under this Agreement or whose Commitments under this Agreement are less than the outstanding loans held by such Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement, (b) on the Amendment and Restatement Date, to finance a portion of the Asset Acquisition, (c) to finance Permitted Acquisitions, (d) to pay related fees and expenses, and (e) for general corporate purposes.  All or a portion of the proceeds of the Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and the Letters of Credit, shall be used for general corporate purposes.  
   4.17 Environmental Matters  .  Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:  
 (a) Except as disclosed on   Schedule 4.17 , the facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by any Group Member (the   Properties  ) do not contain, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, have not previously contained, any Materials of Environmental Concern in amounts or concentrations or under circumstances that constitute or have constituted a violation of, or could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law; 
 (b) no Group Member has received or is aware of any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties or the business operated by any Group Member (the    Business  ), nor does the Borrower have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened; 
 (c) no Group Member has transported or disposed of Materials of Environmental Concern from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location that could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law, nor has any Group Member generated, treated, stored or disposed of Materials of Environmental Concern at, on or under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law;  
 (d) no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, under any Environmental Law to which any Group Member is or will be named as a party with respect to the Properties or the Business, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business;  
 73 

(e)  there has been no release or threat of release of Materials of Environmental Concern at or from the Properties arising from or related to the operations of any Group Member or otherwise in connection with the Business, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws;  
 (f) the Properties and all operations of the Group Members at the Properties are in compliance, and have in the last five years been in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and except as disclosed on   Schedule 4.17 , to the knowledge of the Borrower, there is no contamination at, under or about the Properties or violation of any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business; and 
 (g) no Group Member has assumed any liability of any other Person under Environmental Laws.  
   4.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc  .  No statement or information contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other document, certificate or statement furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, for use in connection with the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, contained as of the date such statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in any material respect.  The projections and   pro forma   financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount.  As of the Amendment and Restatement Date, the representations and warranties contained in the Asset Acquisition Documents are true and correct in all material respects, but in each case only to the extent that the Borrower has a right to terminate the Borrower s obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement (or to decline to consummate the Asset Acquisition) as a result of the failure of any such representation and warranty in the Asset Purchase Agreement to be true and correct.  As of the Amendment and Restatement Date, all conditions to the consummation of the Asset Acquisition set forth in the Asset Acquisition Documents have been or will be satisfied.  There is no fact known to any Loan Party that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been expressly disclosed herein, in the other Loan Documents or in any other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for use in connection with the Transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents.  
     4.19 Security Documents  .  The Guarantee and Collateral Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and the proceeds thereof.  In the case of the Pledged Stock, if any, described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement that are securities represented by stock certificates or otherwise constituting certificated securities within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(15) of the California UCC or the corresponding code or statute of any other applicable jurisdiction (   Certificated Securities   ), when certificates representing such Pledged Stock are delivered to the Administrative Agent, and, in the case of the other Collateral constituting personal property described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, when financing statements and other filings specified on   Schedule 4.19(a)   in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on   Schedule 4.19(a)  , the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person (except, in the case of Collateral other than Pledged Stock, Liens permitted by   Section 7.3  ).  As of the   
 74 

Amendment and Restatement Date, no Loan Party that is a limited liability company or partnership has any Capital Stock that is a not Certificated Security.  
   4.20 Solvency  .  The Borrower, taken individually, and the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, are, and after giving effect to the Asset Acquisition, the consummation of the Transactions and the incurrence of all Indebtedness, Obligations and obligations being incurred in connection herewith and therewith, will be and will continue to be, Solvent.  
   4.21 Designated Senior Indebtedness  .  The Loan Documents and all of the Obligations have been deemed  Designated Senior Indebtedness  or a similar concept thereto, if applicable, for purposes of any other Indebtedness of the Loan Parties.  
   4.22 Certain Documents  .  The Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent complete and correct copies of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Quality of Earnings Report and the German Regulatory Approval, including any amendments, supplements or modifications with respect to any of the foregoing.  The Asset Purchase Agreement is the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the parties thereto.  
   4.23   Insurance.    All insurance maintained by the Loan Parties is in full force and effect, all premiums have been duly paid, no Loan Party has received notice of violation or cancellation thereof, and there exists no default under any requirement of such insurance.  Each Loan Party maintains, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance on all its property (and also with respect to its foreign receivables) in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability and product liability) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business.   
   4.24   No Casualty.    No Loan Party has received any notice of, nor does any Loan Party have any knowledge of, the occurrence or pendency or contemplation of any Casualty Event affecting all or any material portion of its property.  
   4.25 OFAC.    No Loan Party, nor, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of any Loan Party, any Related Party, (i) is currently the subject of any Sanctions, (ii) is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction, or (iii) is or has been (within the previous five years) engaged in any transaction with any Person who is now or was then the subject of Sanctions or who is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction.  No Loan, nor the proceeds from any Loan, has been used, directly or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, indirectly, to lend, contribute, provide or has otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction or to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender) of Sanctions.  
   4.26 Anti-Corruption Laws  .  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.  
   Section 5   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
     5.1 Conditions to Effectiveness of this Agreement  .  Subject to   Section 10.21   hereof, the effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Lender to make its extension of credit   
 75 

hereunder on the Amendment and Restatement Date shall be subject to the satisfaction, prior to or concurrently with the making of each such extension of credit on the Amendment and Restatement Date, of the following conditions precedent:  
 (a)   Loan Documents .  The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender listed on   Schedule 1.1A ; 
 (ii) the Collateral Information Certificate, executed by a Responsible Officer of the Loan Parties;  
 (iii) a new or amended and restated (as appropriate) Term Loan Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Term Lender that has requested a Term Loan Note;  
 (iv) a new or amended and restated (as appropriate) Revolving Loan Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Revolving Lender that has requested a revolving Loan Note;  
 (v)  a new or amended and restated (as appropriate) Swingline Loan Note executed by the Borrower in favor of the Swingline Lender; 
 (vi) the Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent, executed by Enterasys;  
 (vii) any updates to the Schedules to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement that are required as a result of the consummation of the Asset Acquisition and any previous transfers of assets (including Intellectual Property) from Enterasys to the Borrower;  
 (viii) the Amended and Restated Borrower Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, executed by the Borrower;  
 (ix) the Amended and Restated Enterasys Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, executed by Enterasys;  
 (x)  subject to the Acquired Assets Lien Perfection Qualification, each other Security Document reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to create, protect or perfect the Liens of the Administrative Agent (held for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) in any Collateral of any Loan Party that is acquired or created as a result of the consummation of the Asset Acquisition, in each case, executed and delivered by the applicable Loan Party party thereto; and 
 (xi) a completed Flow of Funds Agreement, executed and delivered by the parties thereto.  
 (b)   Asset Acquisition, Etc .  The following Transactions shall have been consummated, or shall be consummated substantially contemporaneously with the making of the extensions of credit on the Amendment and Restatement Date: 
 (i) the Asset Acquisition shall be consummated in accordance with applicable law, the Asset Purchase Agreement and the other Asset Acquisition Documents;  
   (ii) all conditions to the consummation of the Asset Acquisition set forth in   
 76 

the Asset Acquisition Documents shall have been satisfied or, if permitted by   Section 5.1(b)(v)  , waived;  
 (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that all conditions precedent to the consummation of the Asset Acquisition have been satisfied or waived, and attaching thereto true, correct and complete copies of (A) the fully-executed Asset Purchase Agreement (together with all exhibits thereto and the  Disclosure Schedule  relating thereto), (B) the finalized Quality of Earnings Report, (C) the finalized German Regulatory Approval, and (D) such other Asset Acquisition Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request;  
 (iv) the aggregate consideration paid to Zebra Technologies in connection with the Asset Acquisition shall not exceed the  Purchase Price  as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement; and  
 (v) the form of the Asset Purchase Agreement shall not have changed in any material respect or in any manner that is materially adverse to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders since the most recent draft of the Asset Purchase Agreement that was provided to the Administrative Agent prior to the effective date of the Commitment Letter (and any increase in the  Purchase Price  defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to be a change to the Asset Purchase Agreement that is materially adverse to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders), and no provision of the Asset Purchase Agreement relevant to the Transactions contemplated in the Commitment Letter (and the Summary of Terms attached thereto) has been waived by the Borrower, in each case, except as approved in writing by the Administrative Agent.  
 (c)   Governmental and Other Approvals .  Except for the Governmental Approvals disclosed in described in  Schedule 4.4 , all Governmental Approvals (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the German Regulatory Approval) and consents and approvals of, or notices to, any other Person (including the holders of any Capital Stock issued by any Loan Party) required in connection with the Asset Acquisition, the funding of Loans by the Lenders on the Amendment and Restatement Date and the operations of the Loan Parties as expected to result from the Asset Acquisition shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority that could reasonably be expected to restrain, prevent or otherwise impose burdensome conditions on the Asset Acquisition or the funding of the Loans on the Amendment and Restatement Date contemplated hereby. 
   (d)   Secretary s Certificates; Certified Operating Documents; Good Standing Certificates .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of each of Loan Party, dated the Amendment and Restatement Date and executed by the Secretary, managing member or equivalent officer of such Person, substantially in the form of  Exhibit C , with appropriate insertions and attachments, including (i) the Operating Documents of such Person (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the certificate of incorporation (or equivalent) of the applicable Loan Party shall be certified by the Governmental Authority of the respective jurisdiction in which such Loan Party is organized), (ii) (A) in the case of the Borrower,  the relevant board resolutions or written consents adopted by  the Borrower  for purposes of authorizing  the Borrower  to enter into and perform the Loan Documents and, as applicable, the Asset Acquisition Documents to which  the Borrower  is party, and (B) in the case of Enterasys, the relevant board resolutions or written consents adopted by  Enterasys  for purposes of authorizing  Enterasys to execute and deliver the Guarantor Acknowledgement and Consent , (iii) the names, titles, incumbency and signature specimens of those representatives of  such Person  who have been authorized by such resolutions and/or written consents to execute Loan Documents and, as applicable, Asset Acquisition Documents on behalf of  such Person, (iv) a good standing certificate for such Person certified as of a recent date by the appropriate Governmental Authority of its respective jurisdiction of organization, and  
 77 

(v) certificates of qualification as a foreign corporation issued by each jurisdiction in which the failure of such Person to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
 (e)   Responsible Officer s Certificates . 
 (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Amendment and Restatement Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals (other than any applicable board resolutions or written consents of the Loan Parties) required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and the validity against the Borrower of the Asset Acquisition Documents and the Loan Documents to which it is party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required.  
   (ii) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Amendment and Restatement Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, certifying  (A)(1) that, as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, each of the Credit Facility Representations and Warranties made by each Loan Party in or pursuant to any Loan Document (x) that is qualified by materiality is true and correct, and (y) that is not qualified by materiality, is true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty was true and correct in all respects or all material respects, as required, as of such earlier date, (2) that, as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, each of the APA Representations and Warranties made by Zebra Technologies in or pursuant to Asset Purchase Agreement (x) that is qualified by materiality, is true and correct, and (y) that is not qualified by materiality, is true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty was true and correct in all respects or all material respects, as required, as of such earlier date, but, for the avoidance of doubt and in each case under this clause (2), only to the extent that the Borrower has the right to terminate the Borrower s obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement (or to decline to consummate the Asset Acquisition) as a result of the failure of any such APA Representation and Warranty to be true and correct, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since June 30, 2016, that has had or that could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) that there has been no event or circumstance since September 13, 2016, that has had or that could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate and solely with respect to the Acquired Assets, an APA Material Adverse Effect, (D) subject to the foregoing and to the Acquired Assets Lien Perfection Qualification, that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the Amendment and Restatement Date (except for any such Default or Event of Default that arises solely as a result of any representations and warranties other than the Credit Facility Representations and Warranties failing to be true and correct), (E) the attachment thereto of detailed calculations (in substantially the form of  Part III  of  Attachment 3  to the form of pro forma Compliance Certificate set forth at  Exhibit B  and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) evidencing that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2016 did not exceed 3.00:1.00 on a  pro forma  basis, assuming that the Transactions (including the Asset Acquisition and any refinancing of the Existing Credit Agreement with the extensions of credit hereunder) were consummated on June 30, 2016, and (F) that the Borrower holds no less than $65,000,000 of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents as of the Amendment and Restatement Date after giving effect to the funding of Loans on the Amendment and Restatement Date, the consummation of the Asset Acquisition and the other Transactions contemplated by the Loan  
 78 

Documents to occur on the Amendment and Restatement Date.  
 (f)   Collateral Matters . 
 (i)   Lien Searches .  (A) The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of recent lien searches in each jurisdiction where a Loan Party was formed or organized, and such searches shall reveal no liens on any of the assets of any Loan Party except for Liens permitted by  Section 7.3  or liens to be discharged on or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date (which liens shall be discharged pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent); and (B) the Administrative Agent shall have received the results of recent lien searches in the jurisdiction where Zebra Technologies (and, as applicable, any Subsidiaries of Zebra Technologies reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent) is formed or organized, and such searches shall reveal no liens on any of the Acquired Assets except for Liens permitted by  Section 7.3  or liens to be discharged on or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date (which liens shall be discharged pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). 
 (ii)   Pledged Stock; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes .  To the extent required to be delivered pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have received original versions of (A) any certificates representing equity interests that constitute Acquired Assets (and that do not constitute Excluded Assets), together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, and (B) each promissory note (if any) that constitutes an Acquired Asset (and that does not constitute an Excluded Asset), endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the Borrower.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the perfection of any Lien of the Administrative Agent (held for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) in any of the Acquired Assets is not or cannot be provided on the Amendment and Restatement Date (other than any Acquired Assets with respect to which a Lien may be perfected by means of (x) the filing of a UCC financing statement, (y) the delivery of certificated securities, or (z) the filing of a notice with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office), after the Borrower s use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, the perfection of such Lien in such Acquired Assets shall not constitute a condition precedent pursuant to this  Section 5.1(f)  but shall be required to be provided within 30 days (or such longer period to which the Administrative Agent may agree in writing) after the Amendment and Restatement Date pursuant to arrangements mutually agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent).  The qualification specified in the immediately preceding sentence shall be referred to herein as the   Acquired Assets Lien Perfection Qualification  . 
 (iii)   Filings, Registrations, Recordings, Agreements, Etc.   Subject to the Acquired Assets Lien Perfection Qualification, to the extent not having been made prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date or, as applicable, delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date, each document (including any UCC financing statements, Deposit Account Control Agreements, Securities Account Control Agreements, and landlord access agreements and/or bailee waivers) required by the Loan Documents or under applicable law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, executed, registered or recorded to create in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) a perfected Lien on any Acquired Assets that constitute Collateral (and not Excluded Assets) as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, prior and superior in right and priority to any Lien in such Collateral held by any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by  Section 7.3 ), shall have been executed (if applicable) and delivered to the Administrative Agent in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 
   (iv)   JPM Lien Release Documents .  Subject to the Acquired Assets Lien Perfection Qualification, the Administrative Agent shall have received copies of each JPM Lien Release  
 79 

Document that it may have reasonably requested, which JPM Lien Release Documents shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
 (g)   Insurance .  The Administrative Agent shall have received, after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions and to the extent not having been delivered to the Administrative Agent previously, insurance certificates satisfying the requirements of  Section 6.6  hereof and Section 5.2(b) of the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the insurance policies referenced in any such certificates have been endorsed for the purpose of naming the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) as an  additional insured  or  lender loss payee , as applicable, with respect to such insurance policies, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (h)   Fees .  The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid on or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date (including any such fees contemplated by the Fee Letter), and all reasonable and documented fees and expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of outside legal counsel to the Administrative Agent) for payment on or before the Amendment and Restatement Date.  All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Amendment and Restatement Date and will be reflected in the Flow of Funds Agreement.   
 (i)   Legal Opinions .  The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal opinion of Latham   Watkins, LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and addressing such matters relating to the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably specify. 
 (j)   Sufficiency of Facilities Amounts, Cash on Hand and Consolidated Leverage Ratio .  (A) The Borrower shall hold no less than $65,000,000 of cash and Cash Equivalents as of the Amendment and Restatement Date after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions.  (B)  The Consolidated Leverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis as of June 30, 2016 after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, as if such Transactions had been consummated on such date, shall be no more than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 (k)   Borrowing Notices .  The Administrative Agent shall have received, (i) in respect of the Term Loan to be made on the Amendment and Restatement Date, a completed Notice of Borrowing executed by the Borrower and otherwise complying with the requirements of  Section 2.2 , and (ii) in respect of any Revolving Loans to be made on the Amendment and Restatement Date, a completed Notice of Borrowing executed by the Borrower and otherwise complying with the requirements of  Section 2.5 . 
 (l)   Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate .  The Administrative Agent shall have received an Amendment and Restatement Date Solvency Certificate from the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of  Exhibit D . 
 (m)   No Material Adverse Effect  .  (i) There shall not have occurred since June 30, 2016 any event or condition that has had or that could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;   provided   that, solely for purposes of this clause (i),  Material Adverse Effect  shall not be required to take into account any assets, properties or liabilities that constitute Acquired Assets; and (ii) there shall not have occurred since September 13, 2016, any event or condition that has had or that could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an APA Material Adverse Effect.  
 80 

(n)    No Litigation  .  No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of any Group Member, threatened in writing, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 (o)   Pro Forma Financial Model .  The Administrative Agent shall have received the Pro Forma Financial Model. 
 (p)   Occurrence of Amendment and Restatement Date .  The Amendment and Restatement Date shall occur as a result of the satisfaction or waiver of each condition set forth in this  Section 5.1  on or prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline.  Any failure of the Amendment and Restatement Date to occur on or prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline for any reason shall invoke the provisions set forth in  Section 10.21 .   
 For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this  Section 5.1 , each Lender that has executed this Agreement (whether or not on the Amendment and Restatement Date or pursuant to an Addendum and an Assignment and Assumption) and made Loans to the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement Date or thereafter shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter either sent (or made available) by the Administrative Agent to such Lender for consent, approval, acceptance or satisfaction, or required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to such Lender, unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the Transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date specifying such Lender s objection thereto and either such objection shall not have been withdrawn by notice to the Administrative Agent to that effect on or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date or, if any extension of credit on the Amendment and Restatement Date has been requested, such Lender shall not have made available to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date such Lender s Revolving Percentage or Term Percentage, as the case may be, of such requested extension of credit. 
   5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit  .  The agreement of each Lender to make any extension of credit requested to be made by it hereunder on any date (including its Loans disbursed on the Amendment and Restatement Date but excluding (x) any Revolving Loan Conversion, (y) any conversion of a Eurodollar Loan into an ABR Loan pursuant to   Section 2.13(a)   and (z) any continuation of Loans pursuant to   Section 2.13(b)  ) is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:  
 (a)   Representations and Warranties .   
 (i) Solely with respect to the Credit Facility Representations and Warranties that are required to be made on the Amendment and Restatement Date, each of the Credit Facility Representations and Warranties made by each Loan Party in or pursuant to any Loan Document (A) that is qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct, and (B) that is not qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects or all material respects, as required, as of such earlier date.   
   (ii) Solely with respect to the APA Representations and Warranties that are required to be made on the Amendment and Restatement Date, each of the APA Representations and Warranties made by Zebra Technologies in or pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement (A) that is qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct, and (B) that is not qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, as if   
 81 

made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects or all material respects, as required, as of such earlier date,   but, for the avoidance of doubt and in each case under this clause (ii), only to the extent that the Borrower has the right to terminate the Borrower s obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement (or to decline to consummate the Asset Acquisition) as a result of the failure of any such APA Representation and Warranty to be true and correct.  
 (iii) With respect to the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents that the Loan Parties are required to make at any time after the Amendment and Restatement Date, each of the representations and warranties made by each Loan Party in or pursuant to any Loan Document (i) that is qualified by materiality shall be true and correct, and (ii) that is not qualified by materiality, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects or all material respects, as required, as of such earlier date.  
 (b)   Availability .  With respect to any requests for any Revolving Extensions of Credit, after giving effect to such Revolving Extension of Credit, the availability and borrowing limitations specified in  Section 2.4  shall be complied with. 
 (c)   Notices of Borrowing .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing in connection with any such request for extension of credit which complies with the requirements hereof. 
 (d)   No Default .  Subject to the terms and provisions of  Section 5.1 , no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of or on such date or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 
 Each borrowing by and issuance of a Letter of Credit on behalf of the Borrower hereunder and each Revolving Loan Conversion (excluding (x) any Revolving Loan Conversion, (y) any conversion of a Eurodollar Loan into an ABR Loan pursuant to  Section 2.13(a)  and (z) any continuation of Loans pursuant to  Section 2.13(b) ) shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as of the date of such extension of credit, Revolving Loan Conversion or conversion, as applicable, that the conditions contained in this  Section 5.2  have been satisfied. 
   5.3 Post-Closing Conditions Subsequent  .  The Borrower shall satisfy each of the conditions subsequent to the Amendment and Restatement Date, as applicable and as specified in this   Section 5.3  , to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, in each case by no later than the date specified for such condition below:  
   (a) The Borrower shall (i) cause each Loan Party in existence as of the Amendment and Restatement Date and each counsel to such Loan Parties to deliver to the Administrative Agent by no later than the date occurring 20 Business Days after the Amendment and Restatement Date, the originally-executed signature pages of such Persons to any of the agreements, opinions and other documents referenced in   Section 5.1  (including any such signature pages to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, but excluding all Asset Acquisition Documents and approvals or consents of any Governmental Authority) in respect of which the Administrative Agent, as an accommodation to such Loan Parties, has agreed to accept copies of such Persons  signature pages for purposes of the closing of this Agreement and certain of the other Loan Documents on the Amendment and Restatement Date, and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other Persons party to any agreements or other  
 82 

documents referenced in   Section 5.1   to deliver to the Administrative Agent by no later than the date occurring 30 days after the Amendment and Restatement Date the originally-executed signature pages of such Persons to any of the agreements, notice acknowledgments and other documents referenced in   Section 5.1   (excluding all Asset Acquisition Documents and approvals or consents of any Governmental Authority) in respect of which the Administrative Agent, as an accommodation to such Loan Parties, has agreed to accept copies of such Persons  signature pages for purposes of the closing of this Agreement and certain of the other Loan Documents on the Amendment and Restatement Date.  
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in   Sections 5.1  or  5.2 , or in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent by no later than the date occurring 30 days after the Amendment and Restatement Date all landlord access agreements and bailee waivers that are required to be delivered pursuant to such Sections and the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
   Section 6   AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, at all times prior to the Discharge of Obligations, the Borrower shall ,    and, where applicable, shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: 
   6.1 Financial Statements  .  Furnish to the Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for distribution to each Lender:  
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within (i) 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower or, (ii) if the Borrower is a publicly traded company and has been granted an extension by the SEC with respect to any fiscal year of the Borrower permitting the late filing by the Borrower of any annual report on form 10-K, the earlier of (x) 120 days after the end of such fiscal year of the Borrower and (y) the last day of such extension period, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related audited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a  going concern  or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by KPMG LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing;  
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event within (i) 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower or, (ii) if the Borrower is a publicly traded company and has been granted an extension by the SEC with respect to any fiscal quarter of the Borrower permitting the late filing by the Borrower of any quarterly report on form 10-Q, the earlier of (x) 60 days after the end of such fiscal quarter of the Borrower and (y) the last day of such extension period, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such fiscal quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments);   
 All such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed in reasonable detail therein) consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods. 
 83 

Additionally, documents required to be delivered pursuant to this   Section 6.1   and   Section 6.2(e)   (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, either: (i) on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed in   Section 10.2  ; or (ii) when such documents are posted electronically on the Borrower s behalf on an internet or intranet website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent has access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), if any;   provided   that: (A) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender; and (B) the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent and each Lender of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by email electronic versions (i.e. soft copies) of such documents.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.   
   6.2 Certificates; Reports; Other Information  .  Furnish to the Administrative Agent, for distribution to each Lender:  
 (a) Reserved;  
 (b) (i)concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to   Section 6.1 , (A) a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that, to the best of such Responsible Officer s knowledge, each Loan Party during such period has observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate and (B) a Compliance Certificate (1) containing all information and calculations necessary for determining compliance by each Group Member with the provisions of this Agreement referred to therein as of the last day of the applicable fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as the case may be, and (2) to the extent not previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, containing, as applicable, a description of any change in the jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party and a list of any Intellectual Property issued to or acquired by any Loan Party since the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this  Section 6.2(b)(i)(B) ; and 
 (ii) reserved.  
   (c) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 75 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower beginning on July 1, 2017), a detailed consolidated budget for the following fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of each fiscal quarter of such fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow, projected changes in financial position and projected income and a description of the underlying assumptions applicable thereto), and, as soon as available, significant revisions, if any, of such budget and projections with respect to such fiscal year (collectively, the    Projections  ), which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower stating that such Projections are based on reasonable estimates, information and assumptions and that such Responsible Officer has no reason to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect (it being recognized by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that any projections and forecasts provided by the Borrower are based on good  
 84 

faith estimates and assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable as of the date of delivery of the applicable projections or assumptions and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections and forecasts may differ from projected or forecasted results);   
 (d) promptly, and in any event within ten Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than routine comment letters from the staff of the SEC relating to the Borrower s filings with the SEC) if, and only to the extent that such Loan Party or Subsidiary may provide such information in accordance with any applicable Requirements of Law;  
 (e) within five days after the same are sent, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other material report that the Borrower sends to the holders of any class of the Borrower s debt securities having an aggregate principal amount in excess of $5,000,000 or public equity securities and, within five days after the same are filed, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or with any national securities exchange, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;  
 (f) within five days after the same are sent or received, copies of all material correspondence, material reports, material documents and other material filings with any Governmental Authority (i) regarding any non-compliance with or any failure to maintain any Governmental Approvals or Requirements of Law applicable to any Loan Party, or (ii) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;  
 (g) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in   Section 6.1(a) , (i) a report of a reputable insurance broker with respect to the insurance coverage required to be maintained pursuant to  Section 6.6  and the terms of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, together with any supplemental reports with respect thereto which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (ii) updates to  Schedule 4.15  to reflect changes to the information specified in such Schedule occasioned by developments having occurred during the period to which such financial statements relate; 
 (h) by no later than three days prior to the effectiveness thereof, copies of substantially final drafts of any proposed amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification with respect to the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation or the Asset Acquisition Documents; and  
 (i) promptly, such additional financial and other information as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.  
   6.3 Reserved.  
   6.4 Payment of Obligations; Taxes  .    
 (a) Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all its material obligations (including all material Taxes and material Other Taxes imposed by law on an applicable Loan Party) of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member.  
 85 

(b)  File or cause to be filed all Federal, all income and all other material state and other material tax returns that are required to be filed.  
   6.5 Maintenance of Existence; Compliance  .  (a)(i) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence, and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain or obtain all Governmental Approvals and all other rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of such Group Member s business or necessary for the performance by such Group Member of its Obligations under any Loan Document, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by   Section 7.4   and except, in the case of clause (ii) above, to the extent that a failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) comply with all Contractual Obligations (including with respect to leasehold interests of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary) and Requirements of Law except to the extent that a failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) comply with all Governmental Approvals, and any term, condition, rule, filing or fee obligation, or other requirement related thereto, except to the extent that a failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (d) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Governmental Approvals described in Part B of   Schedule 4.4   within 30 days after the Amendment and Restatement Date.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to:  (1) maintain each Pension Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or other Federal or state law; (2) cause each Pension Plan to maintain its qualified status under Section 401(a) of the Code; (3) make all required contributions to any Pension Plan; (4) not become a party to any Multiemployer Plan; (5) ensure that all liabilities under each Pension Plan are either (x) funded to at least the minimum level required by law or, if higher, to the level required by the terms governing such Pension Plan; (y) insured with a reputable insurance company; or (z) provided for or recognized in the financial statements most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto; and (6) ensure that the contributions or premium payments to or in respect of each Pension Plan are and continue to be promptly paid at no less than the rates required under the rules of such Pension Plan and in accordance with the most recent actuarial advice received in relation to such Pension Plan and applicable law.  
   6.6 Maintenance of Property; Insurance  .    
 (a) Keep all material property useful and necessary in its respective business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted;   
 (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all of the property of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability and product liability) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business.  Without limiting the foregoing, within 30 days after the first   date on which the Collateral includes any improved real property of any Loan Party that is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency or any successor thereto as an area having special flood hazards pursuant to the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party, to (i) maintain, if available, fully paid flood hazard insurance on all such improved real property of such Loan Party that constitutes Collateral, on such terms and in such amounts as are required by the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 or as otherwise required by the Administrative Agent, (ii) furnish to the Administrative Agent evidence of the renewal of (and payment of renewal premiums in respect of) all such policies prior to the expiration or lapse thereof, and (iii) furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of any redesignation of any such improved real property into or out of a special flood hazard area;  
 86 

(c)  (i) continue to use each of its respective material Trademarks in a manner sufficient to maintain such material Trademark in full force free from any claim of abandonment for non-use, (ii) maintain generally as in the past the quality of products and services offered under each such material Trademark, (iii) use each such material Trademark with the appropriate notice of registration and all other notices and legends required by applicable Requirements of Law, (iv) not adopt or use any mark which is confusingly similar or a colorable imitation of any such material Trademark, and (v) not (and not knowingly permit any licensee or sublicensee thereof to) do any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any such material Trademark may become invalidated or impaired in any way that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on such Group Member;  
 (d) ensure that none of its respective material Patents could reasonably be expected to become forfeited, abandoned or dedicated to the public;  
 (e) (i) ensure that none of its respective material  Copyrights could reasonably be expected to become invalidated or otherwise materially impaired, and (ii) ensure that no material portion of such material Copyrights falls into the public domain; 
 (f) ensure that none of its respective material Intellectual Property infringes the Intellectual Property rights of any other Person;  
 (g) notify the Administrative Agent promptly if it knows, or has reason to know, that any application or registration relating to any of its respective material Intellectual Property may become forfeited, abandoned or dedicated to the public, or of any material adverse determination or development (including, without limitation, the institution of, or any such determination or development in, any proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or any court or tribunal in any country) regarding such Group Member s ownership of, or the validity of, any material Intellectual Property or such Group Member s right to register the same or to own and maintain the same;  
 (h)  take all reasonable and necessary steps, including, without limitation, in any proceeding before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the U.S. Copyright Office or any similar office or agency in any other country or any political subdivision thereof, to maintain and pursue each material application (and to obtain the relevant registration) and to maintain each registration of its respective material U.S. Intellectual Property, including filing of applications for renewal, affidavits of use and affidavits of incontestability; and 
 (i) In the event that any of its respective material Intellectual Property is infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party, take such actions as such Group Member shall reasonably deem appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property.  
     6.7 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions  .  With respect to each Loan Party, (a) keep proper books of records and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP (consistently applied as in effect from time to time) and all Requirements of Law shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, and (b) permit representatives and independent contractors of (and reasonably selected by) the Administrative Agent or, as applicable, any Lender to visit and inspect any of the respective properties of the Loan Parties (  provided   that, with respect to any leased properties, such inspection shall not violate the terms of the applicable lease), and examine and make abstracts from any of their respective books and records at any reasonable time (during normal business hours and, so long as no Event of Default then exists, upon reasonable advance notice to such Loan Party) and as often as may reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Loan Parties with officers,   
 87 

directors and employees of the Loan Parties and with their independent certified public accountants;   provided   that (i) such inspections shall not be undertaken more frequently than once per year, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such inspections and audits may occur as often as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine is necessary, and (ii) the scope of any such inspection which is undertaken at any time during which an Event of Default does not exist shall be subject to the Borrower s reasonable review and discretion.    
   6.8 Notices  .  Promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or any other officer or employee of the Borrower responsible for administering any of the Loan Documents or monitoring compliance with any of the provisions thereof, in any such case, obtains knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent in writing of:  
 (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;  
 (b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member that, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) litigation, investigation or proceeding that may exist at any time between any Group Member and any Governmental Authority that, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;  
 (c) any litigation or proceeding affecting any Group Member (i) in which the amount involved is $5,000,000 or more and not covered by insurance, (ii) in which injunctive or similar relief is sought against any Group Member, or (iii) which relates to any Loan Document;   
 (d) (i)  promptly after the Borrower has knowledge or becomes aware of the occurrence of any of the following events affecting any Loan Party or any of its respective ERISA Affiliates (but in no event more than ten days after any such event), the occurrence of any of the following events, and shall provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of any notice with respect to such event that may be required to be filed with a Governmental Authority and any notice delivered by a Governmental Authority to the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to such event, if such event could reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of $5,000,000 of any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates:  (A) an ERISA Event, (B) the adoption of any new Pension Plan by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, (C) the adoption of any amendment to a Pension Plan, if such amendment will result in a material increase in benefits or unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), or (D) the commencement of contributions by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to any Pension Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code; and   
 (ii)  upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent after the giving, sending or filing thereof, or the receipt thereof, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by Loan Party or any of its respective ERISA Affiliates with the IRS with respect to each Pension Plan; and 
 (iii) promptly after the receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any of its respective ERISA Affiliates,  all notices from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning an ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to result in a liability in excess of $5,000,000 of any Loan Party or any of its respective ERISA Affiliates;  
 (e) (i) any Asset Sale undertaken by any Group Member involving Net Cash Proceeds in an amount equaling or exceeding $750,000, and (ii) any incurrence by any Group Member of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness constituting Loans) in a principal amount equaling or exceeding $1,000,000;   
 88 

(f)  any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party; and  
 (g) any development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 Each notice pursuant to this  Section 6.8  shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the relevant Group Member proposes to take with respect thereto. 
   6.9 Environmental Laws  .  
 (a) Comply in all material respects with, and ensure compliance in all material respects by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, and ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply in all material respects with, and maintain any and all licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by, all applicable Environmental Laws.  
 (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other actions required under Environmental Laws and promptly comply in all material respects with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws.  
   6.10 Operating Accounts  .  Maintain the Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  primary domestic depository and operating accounts and securities accounts with SVB or with SVB s Affiliates.   
   6.11 Audits  .  At reasonable times, on five Business Days  prior notice (  provided   that no notice shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), the Administrative Agent, or its agents, shall have the right to inspect the Collateral and the right to audit and copy any and all of any Loan Party s books and records including ledgers, federal and state tax returns, records regarding assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information (  provided   that with respect to any leased property, such inspection shall not violate the terms of the applicable lease).  The foregoing inspections and audits shall be at the Borrower s expense, and the charge therefor shall be $1,000 per person per day (or such reasonably higher amount as shall represent the Administrative Agent s then-current standard charge for the same), plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.  Such inspections and audits shall not be undertaken more frequently than once per year, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such inspections and audits shall occur as often as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine is necessary.  In addition, the scope of any such inspection and any such audit, in any such case, which is undertaken at any time during which an Event of Default does not exist, shall be subject to the Borrower s reasonable review and discretion.   
   6.12 Additional Collateral, Etc  .  
   (a) With respect to any property (to the extent included in the definition of Collateral and not constituting Excluded Assets) acquired after the Amendment and Restatement Date by any Loan Party (including the Acquired Assets but other than (x) any property described in paragraph (c) or (d) below, and (y) any property subject to a Lien expressly permitted by   Section 7.3(g) ) as to which the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, does not have a perfected Lien, promptly  (i)  execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably deem  
 89 

necessary or advisable to   evidence that such Loan Party is a Guarantor and   to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in such property and (ii) take all actions necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority (except as expressly permitted by   Section 7.3  ) security interest and Lien in such property, including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or by law or as may be requested by the Administrative Agent.  
 (b) Reserved.   
 (c) With respect to any new direct or indirect Material Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower created or acquired after the Amendment and Restatement Date (including any such Material Domestic Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, and including any Immaterial Subsidiary existing as of the Amendment and Restatement Date which becomes a Material Domestic Subsidiary after the Amendment and Restatement Date), promptly (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary or advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security interest and Lien in the Capital Stock of such new Material Domestic Subsidiary that is owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower, (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent   such documents and instruments as may be reasonably required to grant, perfect, protect and ensure the priority of such security interest, including but not limited to,  the certificates representing such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower or any other applicable Loan Party, (iii) cause such new Material Domestic Subsidiary (A) to become a party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement as a Grantor and a Guarantor thereunder, (B) to take such actions as are necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to grant to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a perfected first priority security interest and Lien in the Collateral described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, with respect to such new Material Domestic Subsidiary, including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or by law or as may be requested by the Administrative Agent and (C) to deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the secretary (or other equivalent officer) of such Material Domestic Subsidiary of the type described in  Section 5.1(d) , in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with appropriate insertions and attachments, and (iv) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent legal opinions addressing such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably specify, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
   (d) With respect to any new First Tier Foreign Subsidiary or any First Tier Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, as applicable, created or acquired after the Amendment and Restatement Date by any Loan Party, promptly (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such amendments to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary or advisable to grant to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security interest and Lien in the Capital Stock of such new First Tier Foreign Subsidiary or First Tier Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, as applicable, that is owned by any such Loan Party (  provided  that in no event shall more than 65% of the total outstanding voting Capital Stock of any such new First Tier Foreign Subsidiary or First Tier Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, as applicable, be required to be so pledged), (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent the certificates representing such Capital Stock (if certificated), together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the relevant Loan Party, and take such other action (including, as applicable, the delivery of any Foreign Pledge Documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent) as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable to perfect the Administrative  
 90 

Agent s security interest therein, and (iii) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
 (e) Each Loan Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a landlord s agreement or bailee letter, as applicable, from the lessor of its headquarters location and from the lessor of or the bailee related to any other location where in excess of $500,000 of Collateral is stored or located, which agreement or letter, in any such case, shall contain a waiver or subordination of all Liens or claims that the landlord or bailee may assert against the Collateral at that location, and shall otherwise be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent.  After the Amendment and Restatement Date, no real property or warehouse space shall be leased by any Loan Party and no Inventory shall be shipped to a processor or converter under arrangements established after the Amendment and Restatement Date, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or unless and until a reasonably satisfactory landlord agreement or bailee letter, as appropriate, shall first have been obtained with respect to such location.  Each Loan Party shall pay and perform its material obligations under all leases and other agreements with respect to each leased location or public warehouse where any Collateral is or may be located.   
    6.13    Anti-Corruption Laws.    Conduct its business in compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws and maintain policies and procedures designated to promote and achieve compliance with such laws  .  
   6.14   Insider Subordinated Indebtedness.    Cause any Insider Indebtedness owing by any Loan Party to become Insider Subordinated Indebtedness (a) on or prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date, in respect of any such Insider Indebtedness in existence as of the Amendment and Restatement Date or (b) contemporaneously with the incurrence thereof, in respect of any such Insider Indebtedness incurred at any time after the Amendment and Restatement Date;   provided   that no Insider Indebtedness shall in any event and under any circumstances be secured by any assets of any Group Member.  
   6.15   Asset Acquisition.    Cause the Asset Acquisition to be consummated on or prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline in accordance with applicable law, the Asset Purchase Agreement, the other Asset Acquisition Documents and the Loan Documents and comply in all material respects with all of the obligations of the Borrower arising under the Asset Purchase Agreement and the other Asset Acquisition Documents.  
   6.16   Use of Proceeds.    Use the proceeds of each credit extension only for the purposes specified in   Section 4.16  .  
   6.17   Designated Senior Indebtedness  .  Cause the Loan Documents and all of the Obligations (other than any such Obligations arising in connection with Bank Services and FX Contracts) to be deemed  Designated Senior Indebtedness  or a similar concept thereto, if applicable, for purposes of any other Indebtedness of the Loan Parties.  
   6.18   Further Assurances.    Execute any further instruments and take such further action as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary to perfect, protect, ensure the priority of or continue the Administrative Agent s Lien on the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement.  
 91 

Section 7     NEGATIVE COVENANTS  
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, at all times prior to the Discharge of Obligations, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: 
   7.1 Financial Condition Covenants  .  
 (a)   Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio .  Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, determined as the last day of any fiscal quarter period of the Borrower, to be less than 1.25 to 1.00. 
 (b)   Minimum Consolidated Quick Ratio .  Permit the Consolidated Quick Ratio, determined as of the last day of any fiscal quarter period of the Borrower, to be less than 1.15 to 1.00.  
 (c)   Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio .  Permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, determined as of the last day of any fiscal quarter period of the Borrower specified below, to exceed the ratio set forth below opposite such fiscal quarter period:  

7.2 Indebtedness  .  Create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:  
 (a) Indebtedness of any Group Member pursuant to any Loan Document or Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract;  
 (b) Indebtedness of (i) any Loan Party owing to any other Loan Party, and (ii) any Group Member that is not a Loan Party to any other Group Member that is not a Loan Party to fund working capital requirements in the ordinary course of business not inconsistent with past practices;  
 (c)  Guarantee Obligations (i) of any Loan Party of the Indebtedness of any other Loan Party; (ii) of any Subsidiary (which is not a Loan Party) of the Indebtedness of any Loan Party, or (iii) by any Subsidiary (which is not a Loan Party) of the Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary (that is not a Loan Party),  provided  that, in any case (i), (ii) or (iii), the Indebtedness so guaranteed is otherwise permitted by the terms hereof; 
 (d) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on   Schedule 7.2(d) , and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 
   (e) Indebtedness (including, without limitation, Capital Lease Obligations) secured by Liens permitted by   Section 7.3(g)  in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any  
 92 

one time outstanding and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof);  
 (f) Surety Indebtedness and any other Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, banker s acceptances or similar arrangements,   provided  that the aggregate amount of any such Indebtedness outstanding at any time shall not exceed $5,000,000; 
 (g) unsecured Subordinated Indebtedness;  
 (h) unsecured Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount, for all such Indebtedness taken together, not to exceed $5,000,000 at any one time outstanding;  
 (i) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries existing or arising under any Specified Swap Agreement,   provided  that such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in accordance with  Section 7.13  and not for purposes of speculation;  
 (j) Guarantee Obligations of the Borrower in respect of obligations (other than Indebtedness) of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, which Guarantee Obligations are not otherwise prohibited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or, as applicable, any other Loan Document;   provided  that any such Guarantee Obligation is incurred by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 
 (k) Indebtedness owing to trade creditors that is incurred in respect of surety bonds and similar obligations in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;  
 (l) Indebtedness of any Group Member in respect of workers  compensation claims, payment obligations in connection with health or other types of social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations, incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for overdue amounts;  
 (m) Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business; and  
   (n)  (i) secured Indebtedness of any Person that becomes, and continues as, a Subsidiary of any Loan Party after the Amendment and Restatement Date, and secured Indebtedness in respect of assets acquired pursuant to an acquisition permitted hereunder and existing at the time of such asset acquisition in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding;  provided  that (A) no such Indebtedness is created in contemplation of such asset acquisition, (B) any such Indebtedness remains Indebtedness of such acquired Subsidiary and not of any Loan Party, and (C) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such secured Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (including without limitation any Event of Default arising from any failure to comply with the financial covenants set forth in  Section 7.13 ), such calculation to be determined on a pro forma basis based on the financial information most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 6.1(a)  or (b) (giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, as if such acquisition was consummated as of the last day of the period as to which such financial information relates); and (ii) unsecured Indebtedness of any Person that becomes, and continues as, a Subsidiary of any Loan Party after the date hereof, and unsecured Indebtedness in respect of assets acquired pursuant to an acquisition permitted hereunder and existing at the time of such asset acquisition;  provided  that (A) no such unsecured Indebtedness is created in contemplation of such asset acquisition, and (B) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such unsecured Indebtedness, no Default  
 93 

or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (including without limitation any Event of Default arising from any failure to comply with the financial covenants set forth in   Section 7.13  ), such calculation to be determined on the basis of the financial information most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to   Section 6. 1(a)   or   (b)  ;  
 To the extent that the creation, incurrence or assumption of any Indebtedness could be attributable to more than one subsection of this  Section 7.2 , the Borrower may allocate such Indebtedness to any one or more of such subsections and in no event shall the same portion of Indebtedness be deemed to utilize or be attributable to more than one item;  provided  that all Indebtedness created pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on  Section 7.2(a) . 
 For purposes of determining compliance with the Dollar-denominated restrictions in any subsection of this  Section 7.2  on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date on which such Indebtedness was incurred in the case of term Indebtedness, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit Indebtedness;  provided  that if such Indebtedness is Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to modify, refinance, refund, renew or extend other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is otherwise permitted by the terms of this  Section 7.2 . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Indebtedness incurred at any time in reliance on this  Section 7.2  shall cause the Foreign Investment Limit in effect at such time to be exceeded.   
   7.3 Liens  .  Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except:  
 (a) Liens for Taxes not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;   provided  that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Group Member in conformity with GAAP (or, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in its respective jurisdiction of organization); 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, landlord s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that (i) do not cover any Intellectual Property, and (ii) are not overdue for a period of more than 45 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;  
 (c) pledges or deposits (other than to the extent involving any pledge of Intellectual Property) in connection with workers  compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation;  
   (d) pledges or deposits (other than any deposits of any Intellectual Property or rights thereto) made to secure earnest money deposits required under letters of intent or purchase money agreements or made to secure the performance of tenders, bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, subleases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than for indebtedness or any   
 94 

Liens arising under ERISA);  
 (e) easements, rights-of-way, minor defects or irregularities of title, restrictions and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Group Member;  
 (f) Liens (other than in any Intellectual Property) in existence on the date hereof listed on   Schedule 7.3(f) , securing Indebtedness permitted by  Section 7.2(d) ;  provided  that (i) no such Lien is spread to cover any additional property after the Amendment and Restatement Date, (ii) the amount of Indebtedness secured or benefitted thereby is not increased, (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured thereby is permitted by  Section 7.2(d) ;  
 (g) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to   Section 7.2(e)  to finance the acquisition of fixed or capital assets;  provided  that (i) such Liens shall be created substantially simultaneously with the acquisition of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness ( provided  that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender of the type permitted under  Section 7.2(e)  may be cross-collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender of the type permitted under  Section 7.2(e) , and (iii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased; 
 (h) Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents;  
 (i) any interest or title of a lessor or licensor under any lease or license entered into by a Group Member in the ordinary course of its business and covering only the assets so leased or licensed;  
 (j) judgment Liens that do not constitute an Event of Default under   Section 8.1(h)  of this Agreement; 
 (k) bankers  Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash, Cash Equivalents, securities, commodities and other funds on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by a Group Member, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business in favor of banks, other depositary institutions, securities or commodities intermediaries or brokerages with which such accounts are maintained securing amounts owing to such banks or financial institutions with respect to cash  management and operating account management or are arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection;  
 (l) (i) cash deposits and liens on cash and Cash Equivalents pledged to secure Indebtedness permitted under   Section 7.2(f) , (ii) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit permitted by  Section 7.2(f)  that encumber documents and other property relating to such letters of credit, and (iii) Liens securing Specified Swap Obligations permitted by  Section 7.2(i) ; 
 (m) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clause (g) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the Indebtedness secured thereby;  
 (n) Liens comprised of licenses not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents;   
   (o) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to   
 95 

secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; and  
 (p) Liens on Indebtedness permitted under   Section 7.2(n)(i)  and, in each case, not created in contemplation of or in connection with such event;  provided  that (i) no such Lien shall extend to or cover any other property or assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations that it secures on the date of any applicable asset acquisition or on the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary and any refinancing or replacement thereof; 
 (q) Liens consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under   Section 7.5 , in each case, solely to the extent such Disposition would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;  provided  that such Liens encumber only the applicable assets pending consummation of such Disposition; 
 (r) (i) leases, licenses, subleases and sublicenses granted to other Persons in the ordinary course of business which do not (A) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Group Members, taken as a whole, or (B) secure any Indebtedness, and (ii) the rights reserved or vested in any Person by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit held by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries;  
 (s) Permitted Encumbrances;  
 (t) Liens securing Indebtedness represented by financed insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,   provided  that such Liens do not extend to any property or assets other than the corresponding insurance policies being financed; 
 (u) precautionary UCC financing statements or similar filings made in respect of operating leases entered into by any Group Member; and  
 (v) Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section so long as neither (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby nor (ii) the aggregate fair market value (determined as of the date such Lien is incurred) of the assets subject thereto exceeds (as to all Group Members) $5,000,000 at any one time.   
   7.4 Fundamental Changes  .  Enter into any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of all or substantially all of its property or business, except that:  
 (a) any Group Member that is not a Loan Party may be merged or consolidated with or into (i) a Loan Party (  provided  that such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person), and (ii) another Group Member that is not a Loan Party ( provided  that the surviving Group Member complies with the requirements specified in  Section 6.12 , if applicable); 
 (b) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may Dispose of any or all of its assets (i) pursuant to any liquidation or other transaction that results in the assets of such Subsidiary being transferred to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or (ii) pursuant to a Disposition permitted by   Section 7.5 ; and 
 (c) any Investment permitted by   Section 7.8  may be structured as a merger, consolidation or amalgamation;  provided  that any Loan Party that is the subject of such a merger, consolidation or amalgamation shall be the surviving entity. 
 96 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision to the contrary in any Loan Document, no merger, Disposition or other transaction made at any time in reliance on this   Section 7.4   shall cause the Foreign Investment Limit in effect at such time to be exceeded.  
   7.5 Disposition of Property  .  Dispose of any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or, in the case of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, issue or sell any shares of such Subsidiary s Capital Stock to any Person, except:  
 (a) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property in the ordinary course of business;  
 (b) Dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;  
 (c) Dispositions permitted by clause (i) of   Section 7.4(b) ; 
 (d) the sale or issuance of the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of the Borrower (i) to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or (ii) in connection with any transaction that does not result in a Change of Control;  
 (e) the use or transfer of money, cash or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;  
 (f)  (i) the non-exclusive licensing of Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, and other Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) licensing of Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, and other Intellectual Property rights customary for companies of similar size and in the same industry as Borrower and that are approved by Borrower s board of directors and which would not result in a legal transfer of title of such licensed Intellectual Property, but that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States; 
 (g) the Disposition of property (i) by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party, and (ii) by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any other Group Member;  
 (h) Dispositions of property subject to a Casualty Event;  
 (i) leases or subleases of real property or equipment;  
 (j) the sale or discount without recourse of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the compromise or collection thereof;  
 (k) any abandonment, cancellation, non-renewal or discontinuance of use or maintenance of Intellectual Property (or rights relating thereto) of any Group Member that the Borrower determines in good faith is desirable in the conduct of its business and not materially disadvantageous to the interests of the Lenders;  
 (l) Dispositions of other property having a fair market value not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate for any fiscal year of the Borrower,   provided  that at the time of any such Disposition, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such Disposition;  
   (m) Dispositions of property in connection with any Sale Leaseback permitted   
 97 

pursuant to   Section 7.11  ;  
 (n) payments permitted under   Section 7.6 , Investments permitted under  Section 7.8 , and Liens permitted under  Section 7.3 ; 
 (o) Dispositions of equipment or Real Property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of property used or useful in the business of any Group Member or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such property;  
 (p) any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower may sell or Dispose of Equity Interests in such Subsidiary to qualify directors where required by applicable Law or to satisfy other requirements of applicable Law with respect to the ownership of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries;  
 (q) each Group Member may surrender or waive contractual rights and settle or waive contractual or litigation claims in the ordinary course of business and to the extent such surrender or waiver could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and  
 (r) to the extent constituting a Disposition, the issuance by the Borrower of its Equity Interests.  
  provided ,  however , that any Disposition made pursuant to this  Section 7.5  shall be made in good faith on an arm s length basis for fair value (except for Dispositions made pursuant to  Sections 7.5(c) ,  (g) ,  (h) ,  (k) , (p) and  (q) ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Disposition made at any time in reliance on this  Section 7.5  shall cause the Foreign Investment Limit in effect at such time to be exceeded. 
   7.6 Restricted Payments  .  Make any payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, or redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance (including in-substance or legal defeasance), sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Indebtedness, declare or pay any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in common stock of the Person making such dividend) on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Group Member, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of any Group Member (collectively,    Restricted Payments   ), except that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of any action described below or would result therefrom:  
 (a) any Group Member may (i) make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party and (ii) declare and make dividends which are payable solely in the common Capital Stock of such Group Member;  
 (b) each Loan Party may purchase common Capital Stock or common Capital Stock options from present or former officers or employees of any Group Member upon the death, disability or termination of employment of such officer or employee;   provided  that no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom and the aggregate amount of payments made under this subsection (b) shall not exceed $1,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Borrower;  
   (c) each Group Member may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Capital Stock issued by it (i) in an amount not to exceed during any calendar year, when aggregated with all such purchases, redemptions and acquisitions undertaken by all Group Members pursuant to this clause (i) at   
 98 

any time during such calendar year, $15,000,000, and (ii) with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common Capital Stock;   provided   that any such issuance is not otherwise prohibited hereunder (including by   Section 7.5(d)  );   
 (d) (i) each Group Member may make repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such repurchased Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants, and (ii) repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon the withholding of a portion of the Capital Stock granted or awarded to a current or former officer, director, employee or consultant to pay for the taxes payable by such Person upon such grant or award (or upon vesting thereof);  
 (e) each Group Member may deliver its common Capital Stock upon conversion of any convertible Indebtedness having been issued by the Borrower;   provided  that such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted by  Section 7.2 ; and 
 (f) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments not otherwise permitted by one of the foregoing clauses of this   Section 7.6 ;  provided  that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (f) shall not exceed $2,500,000.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Restricted Payment made at any time in reliance on this  Section 7.6  shall cause the Foreign Investment Limit in effect at such time to be exceeded. 
   7.7 Reserved  .    
   7.8 Investments  .  Make any advance, loan, extension of credit (by way of guarantee or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or purchase any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or make any other investment in, any Person (all of the foregoing,    Investments   ), except:  
 (a) (i) extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) financing for customers in the ordinary course of business, the aggregate amount of all such customer financing not to exceed $10,000,000 at any one time outstanding;   
 (b) (i) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents and (ii) other Investments permitted by the Borrower s board approved cash management investment policy (a copy of which policy, in the form in which it exists as of the Amendment and Restatement Date, has been provided to and approved by the Administrative Agent);  
 (c) Guarantee Obligations permitted by   Section 7.2 ; 
 (d) loans and advances to employees of any Group Member in the ordinary course of business (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses) in an aggregate amount for all Group Members not to exceed $500,000 at any one time outstanding;   
 (e) the Asset Acquisition;   provided  that the Asset Acquisition is undertaken in accordance with the terms and conditions specified herein (including in  Section 5.1  hereof); 
   (f) intercompany Investments by any Group Member in the Borrower or any Person that, prior to such investment, is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary Guarantor;   provided  that any intercompany loans made by any Loan Party shall be evidenced by and funded under an intercompany note in form and  
 99 

substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent to the extent required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement;  
 (g) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements of negotiable instruments for collection or deposit;  
 (h) Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Group Member effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to such Group Member as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of such Group Member;  
 (i) (i) Investments constituting Permitted Acquisitions, and (ii) Investments held by any Person as of the date such Person is acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition,   provided  that (A) such Investments were not made, in any case, by such Person in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition, and (B) with respect to any such Person which becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such Permitted Acquisition, such Subsidiary remains the only holder of such Investment; 
 (j) in addition to Investments otherwise expressly permitted by this Section, Investments by the Group Members the aggregate amount of all of which Investments (valued at cost) does exceed $5,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Borrower;   
 (k) deposits made to secure the performance of leases, licenses or contracts in the ordinary course of business, and other deposits made in connection with the incurrence of Liens permitted under   Section 7.3 ; 
 (l) the licensing or contribution of Intellectual Property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons in the ordinary course of business;  
 (m) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by   Section 7.5 , to the extent not exceeding the limits specified therein with respect to the receipt of non-cash consideration in connection with such Dispositions; 
 (n) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by   Section 7.5 , to the extent not exceeding the limits specified therein with respect to the receipt of non-cash consideration in connection with such Dispositions; 
 (o) purchases or other acquisitions (other than the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition and the Asset Acquisition) by any Group Member of the Capital Stock in a Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will be a Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger or consolidation) or all or substantially all of the assets of, or assets constituting one or more business units of, any Person (each, a    Permitted Acquisition    provided  that, with respect to each such purchase or other acquisition: 
 (i) the newly-created or acquired Subsidiary (or assets acquired in connection with an asset sale) shall be in a line of business permitted pursuant to   Section 7.17 ; 
 (ii) all transactions related to such purchase or acquisition shall be consummated in all material respects in accordance with all Requirements of Law;  
   (iii) no Loan Party shall, as a result of or in connection with any such purchase or acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to   
 100 

environmental, tax, litigation or other matters) that, as of the date of such purchase or acquisition, could reasonably be expected to result in the existence or incurrence of a Material Adverse Effect;  
 (iv) the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at least 15 Business Days  prior written notice of any such purchase or acquisition;  
 (v) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent as soon as available but in any event not later than five Business Days after the execution thereof, a copy of any executed purchase agreement or similar agreement with respect to any such purchase or acquisition;  
 (vi) any such newly-created or acquired Subsidiary, or the Loan Party that is the acquirer of assets in connection with an asset acquisition, shall comply with the requirements of   Section 6.12 , except to the extent compliance with  Section 6.12  is prohibited by pre-existing Contractual Obligations or Requirements of Law binding on such Subsidiary or its properties; 
 (vii) (x) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) immediately after giving effect to such purchase or other acquisition, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in   Section 7.1 , based upon financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent which give effect, on a Pro Forma Basis, to such acquisition or other purchase; 
 (viii) the Borrower shall not, based upon the knowledge of the Borrower as of the date any such acquisition or other purchase is consummated, reasonably expect such acquisition or other purchase to result in a Default or an Event of Default under   Section 8.1(c) , at any time during the term of this Agreement, as a result of a breach of any of the financial covenants set forth in  Section 7.1 ; 
 (ix) no Indebtedness is assumed or incurred in connection with any such purchase or acquisition other than Indebtedness permitted by the terms of   Section 7.2 ; 
 (x) such purchase or acquisition shall not constitute an Unfriendly Acquisition;   
 (xi) (A) the aggregate amount of the cash consideration paid by such Group Member in connection with any particular Permitted Acquisition shall not exceed $10,000,000, and (B) the aggregate amount of the cash consideration paid by all Group Members in connection with all such Permitted Acquisitions consummated from and after the Amendment and Restatement Date shall not exceed $30,000,000;  
 (xiii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, at least three Business Days prior to the date on which any such purchase or other acquisition is to be consummated (or such later date as is agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, certifying that all of the requirements set forth in this definition have been satisfied or will be satisfied on or prior to the consummation of such purchase or other acquisition.  
 (p) Investments specified in   Schedule 7.8  and existing on the Amendment and Restatement Date; 
   (q) In addition to the Investments otherwise expressly permitted by this   Section 7.8 , Investments (including in joint ventures, strategic alliances and corporate collaborations) by the Group  
 101 

Members the aggregate amount of all of which Investments (valued at cost) does not exceed $  5,000,000  .  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Investment made at any time in reliance on this  Section 7.8  shall cause the Foreign Investment Limit in effect at such time to be exceeded. 
   7.9 ERISA  .  The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to:  (a) terminate any Pension Plan so as to result in any material liability to such Person or any of such Person s ERISA Affiliates, (b) permit to exist any ERISA Event, or any other event or condition, which presents the risk of a material liability to any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, (c) make a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of ERISA Section 4201) from any Multiemployer Plan so as to result in any material liability to such Person or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, (d) enter into any new Pension Plan or modify any existing Pension Plan so as to increase its obligations thereunder which could result in any material liability to any such Person or any of its respective ERISA Affiliates, (e) permit the present value of all nonforfeitable accrued benefits under any Pension Plan (using the actuarial assumptions utilized by the PBGC upon termination of a Pension Plan) materially to exceed the fair market value of Pension Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the most recent valuation date for each such Pension Plan, or (f)   engage in any transaction which would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of any of its rights under this Agreement, any Note or the other Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt (under a statutory or administrative class exemption) prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code  .  
   7.10 Optional Payments and Modifications of Certain Preferred Stock and Debt Instruments  . (a)  Amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of the Preferred Stock (i) that would move to an earlier date the scheduled redemption date or increase the amount of any scheduled redemption payment or increase the rate or move to an earlier date any date for payment of dividends thereon or (ii) that would be otherwise materially adverse to any Lender or any other Secured Party; or (b) amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any Indebtedness permitted by   Section 7.2   (other than Indebtedness pursuant to any Loan Document or any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract) that would shorten the maturity or increase the amount of any payment of principal thereof or the rate of interest thereon or shorten any date for payment of interest thereon or that would be otherwise materially adverse to any Lender or any other Secured Party.  
   7.11 Transactions with Affiliates  .  Enter into any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than any other Loan Party or between or among any Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties) unless such transaction is (a)(i) not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Group Member, (iii) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the relevant Group Member than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, and (iv) one the consummation of which would not cause the Foreign Investment Limit in effect at such time to be exceeded, (b) one involving the payment of customary directors  fees and indemnification and reimbursement of expenses to directors and employees, (c) one involving the issuance of stock and stock options pursuant to the Borrower s stock option plans and stock purchase plans, and (d) one involving reasonable compensation paid to officers and employees in their capacities as such.   
     7.12 Sale Leaseback Transactions  .  Enter into any Sale Leaseback Transaction unless (a) the Disposition of the applicable property subject to such Sale Leaseback Transaction is permitted under   
 102 

Section 7.5  , and (b) any Liens in the property of any Loan Party incurred in connection with any such Sale Leaseback Transaction are permitted under   Section 7.3  .  
   7.13 Swap Agreements  .  Enter into any Swap Agreement, except Specified Swap Agreements which are entered into by a Group Member to (a) hedge or mitigate risks to which such Group Member has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Capital Stock), or (b) effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of such Group Member.  
   7.14 Accounting Changes  .  Make any change in its (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP, or (b) fiscal year.  
   7.15 Negative Pledge Clauses  .  Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure its Obligations under the Loan Documents and Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts to which it is a party, other than (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than any Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts), (b) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (c) customary restrictions on the assignment of leases, licenses and other agreements, (d) any agreement in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or, in any such case, that is set forth in any agreement evidencing any amendments, restatements, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals and replacements of the foregoing, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement applies only to such Subsidiary and does not otherwise expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction or condition contained therein, and (e) any restriction pursuant to any document, agreement or instrument governing or relating to any Lien permitted under   Sections 7.3(c)  ,   (m)  , (n) and (p) or any agreement or option to Dispose any asset of any Group Member, the Disposition of which is permitted by any other provision of this Agreement (in each case,   provided   that any such restriction relates only to the assets or property subject to such Lien or being Disposed).  
     7.16 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions  .  Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Subsidiary held by, or to pay any Indebtedness owed to, any other Group Member, (b) make loans or advances to, or other Investments in, any other Group Member, or (c) transfer any of its assets to any other Group Member, except for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of (i) any restrictions existing under the Loan Documents, (ii) any restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with a Disposition permitted hereby of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary, (iii) customary restrictions on the assignment of leases, licenses and other agreements, (iv) restrictions of the nature referred to in clause (c) above under agreements governing purchase money liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby which restrictions are only effective against the assets financed thereby (v) any agreement in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower, so long as such agreement applies only to such Subsidiary, was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or in each case that is set forth in any agreement evidencing any amendments, restatements, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals and replacements of the foregoing, so long as such amendment, restatement, supplement, modification, extension, renewal or replacement does not expand in any material respect the scope of any restriction or condition contained therein, or (vi) any restriction pursuant to any document, agreement or instrument governing or relating to any Lien permitted   
 103 

under   Section 7.3(c)  ,   (m)  ,   (n)  , (p) and (v) (  provided   that any such restriction relates only to the assets or property subject to such Lien or being Disposed).  
   7.17 Lines of Business  .  Enter into any business, either directly or through any Subsidiary, except for those businesses in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the date of this Agreement or that are reasonably related, ancillary or incidental thereto.  
   7.18 Designation of other Indebtedness  .  Designate any Indebtedness or indebtedness other than the Obligations as  Designated Senior Indebtedness  or a similar concept thereto, if applicable.  
   7.19 Amendments to 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation and Asset Acquisition Documents; Certification of Certain Equity Interests  .  (a) Amend, supplement or otherwise modify (pursuant to a waiver or otherwise) the terms and conditions of the indemnities and licenses furnished to the Borrower pursuant to any of the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation and any of the Asset Acquisition Documents such that after giving effect thereto such indemnities or licenses shall be materially less favorable to the interests of the Loan Parties or the Lenders with respect thereto; (b) otherwise amend, supplement or otherwise modify the terms and conditions of the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation, the Asset Acquisition Documents, or any such other documents except for any such amendment, supplement or modification that (i) becomes effective after the Amendment and Restatement Date and (ii) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) fail to enforce, in a commercially reasonable manner, the Loan Parties  rights (including rights to indemnification) under the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation and the Asset Acquisition Documents; or (d) take any action to certificate any Equity Interests having been pledged to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) which were uncertificated at the time so pledged, in any such case, without first obtaining the Administrative Agent s prior written consent to do so and undertaking to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent all such actions as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent to continue the perfection of its Liens (held for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) in any such newly certificated Equity Interests.  
   7.20 Amendments to Organizational Agreements and Material Contracts  .  (a) Materially amend or permit any material amendments to any Loan Party s organizational documents (i) if such amendment would be adverse to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in any material respect, and (ii) without giving the Administrative Agent five Business Days  prior written notice of such amendment; or (b) amend or permit any amendments to, or terminate or waive any provision of, any material Contractual Obligation if such amendment, termination, or waiver could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
   7.21 Use of Proceeds  .  Use the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to (a) purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, in each case in violation of, or for a purpose which violates, or would be inconsistent with, Regulation T, U or X of the Board, or (b) finance an Unfriendly Acquisition.  
   7.22 Subordinated Debt  .  
   (a)   Amendments of Subordinated Debt Documents .  Amend, modify, supplement, waive compliance with, or consent to noncompliance with, any Subordinated Debt Document, unless the amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent (i) does not adversely affect the Loan Parties  ability to pay and perform each of their respective Obligations at the time and in the manner set forth  
 104 

herein and in the other Loan Documents and any Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts, and (ii) is in compliance with the subordination provisions therein and any subordination agreement with respect thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.  
 (b)   Subordinated Debt Payments .  Make any voluntary or optional payment, prepayment or repayment on, redemption, exchange or acquisition for value of, or any sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Debt, except as permitted by the subordination provisions in the applicable Subordinated Debt Documents and any subordination agreement with respect thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
   7.23 Sanctions.    Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan, directly or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, indirectly, (a) to be lent, contributed or otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction; (b) to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions; or (c) in any other manner that will result in any material violation by any Person (including any Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender) of any Sanctions.  
   7.24 Anti-Corruption Laws  .  Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan or other credit extension made hereunder for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or other similar legislation in other jurisdictions., applicable to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries.  
   7.25 Anti-Terrorism Laws  .  Conduct, deal in or engage in or permit any Affiliate or agent of any Loan Party within its control to conduct, deal in or engage in any of the following activities: (a) conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any person blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 (a    Blocked Person   ), including the making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person; (b) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224; or (c) engage in on conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or the Patriot Act.  The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders any certification or other evidence reasonably requested from time to time by the Administrative Agent or any Lender confirming the Borrower s compliance with this   Section 7.25  .  
   Section 8   EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
   8.1 Events of Default  .  The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default:  
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any amount of principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any amount of interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract, within three Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or, as applicable, the terms of any such applicable Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract; or  
   (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan   
 105 

Document (i) if qualified by materiality, shall be incorrect or misleading when made or deemed made, or (ii) if not qualified by materiality, shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or  
 (c) (i) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in any of   Section 5.3 ,  Section 6.1 , clause (i) or (ii) of  Section 6.5(a) ,  Section 6.8(a) ,  Section 6.10  or any subsection of  Section 7 , and (ii) an  Event of Default  under and as defined in any Security Document shall have occurred and be continuing; or 
 (d) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is party (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days thereafter; or  
 (e) (i) any Group Member shall (A) default in making any payment of any principal of any Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding the Loans) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto; (B) default in making any payment of any interest on any such Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created; (C) default in making any payment or delivery under any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in such Swap Agreement; or (D) default in making any payment or delivery under any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in such Swap Agreement; or (e) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to (1) cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of, or, in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement, counterparty under, such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder, beneficiary, or counterparty) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Swap Agreement) to be terminated, or (2) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, any Group Member to purchase or redeem or make an offer to purchase or redeem such Indebtedness prior to its stated maturity;   provided  that, unless such Indebtedness constitutes a Specified Swap Agreement, a default, event or condition described in clauses (i)(A), (B),  (C), (D) or (E) of this subsection (e) shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default  unless , at such time, one or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in clauses (i)(A), (B), (C), (D) or (E) of this subsection (e) shall have occurred with respect to Indebtedness, the outstanding principal amount (and, in the case of Swap Agreements, other than Specified Swap Agreements, the Swap Termination Value) of which, individually or in the aggregate for all such Indebtedness, exceeds $5,000,000; or (ii) any default or event of default (however designated) shall occur with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness of any Group Member; or 
   (f) (i)  any Group Member shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (a) under any Debtor Relief Law seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding  up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (b) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, judicial manager or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or any Group Member shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (a) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment, or (b) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days ( provided  that, during such 60 day period, no Loans shall be advanced or Letters  
 106 

of Credit issued hereunder); or (iii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof (  provided   that, during such 60 day period, no Loans shall be advanced or Letters of Credit issued hereunder); or (iv) any Group Member shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or (v) any Group Member shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or  
 (g) There shall occur one or more ERISA Events which individually or in the aggregate results in or otherwise is associated with liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof  in excess of $5,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; or there exists an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities) which exceeds $5,000,000; or 
 (h) There is entered against any Group Member (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money or fines or penalties issued by any Governmental Authority involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or fully covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has acknowledged coverage) of $5,000,000 or more, or (ii) one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case (i) or (ii), (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor or any such Governmental Authority, as applicable, upon such judgment, order, penalty or fine, as applicable, or (B) such judgment, order, penalty or fine, as applicable, shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded, as applicable, pending appeal within 45 days from the entry or issuance thereof; or  
 (i) (i)  any of the Security Documents shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect (other than pursuant to the terms thereof), or any Loan Party shall so assert, or any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall cease to be enforceable and of the same effect and priority purported to be created thereby; or  
 (ii)  there shall be commenced against any Loan Party any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days from the entry thereof; or  
 (iii)  any court order enjoins, restrains or prevents a Loan Party from conducting all or any material part of its business; or  
 (j) the guarantee contained in Section 2 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party shall so assert; or  
 (k) a Change of Control shall occur; or  
   (l) any of the Governmental Approvals required to be obtained and/or delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document shall have been (i) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse manner or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term or (ii) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a hearing with respect to any   
 107 

applications for renewal of any of the Governmental Approvals or that could result in the Governmental Authority taking any of the actions described in clause (i) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or nonrenewal (A) has, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) materially adversely affects the legal qualifications of any Group Member to hold any material Governmental Approval in any applicable jurisdiction and such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or nonrenewal could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the status of or legal qualifications of any Group Member to hold any material Governmental Approval in any other jurisdiction; or  
 (n) Any Loan Document not otherwise referenced in   Section 8.1(i)  or  (j) , at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or the Discharge of Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or any further liability or obligation under any Loan Document to which it is a party, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any such Loan Document; or 
 (o) a Material Adverse Effect shall occur.   
   8.2 Remedies Upon Event of Default  .  If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:  
 (a) if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (f) of   Section 8.1  with respect to the Borrower, the Commitments shall immediately terminate automatically and the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts shall automatically immediately become due and payable, and 
   (b) if such event is any other Event of Default, any of the following actions may be taken:  (i) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower declare the Revolving Commitments, the Term Commitments, the Swingline Commitments and the L/C Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Revolving Commitments, the Term Commitments, the Swingline Commitments and the L/C Commitments shall immediately terminate; (ii) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable; (iii) any Bank Services Provider may terminate any FX Contract or other Bank Services Agreement then outstanding and declare all Obligations then owing by the Group Members under any Bank Services Agreements or FX Contract then outstanding to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable; and (iv)   exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender all rights and remedies available to it, SVB, any of SVB s applicable Affiliates, the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and any Bank Services Provider under the Loan Documents and the Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts, as applicable.  With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize an amount equal to 105% of the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit.  Amounts so Cash Collateralized shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other Obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and Bank Services Agreements and FX   
 108 

Contracts in accordance with   Section 8.3  .  In addition, (x) the Borrower shall also Cash Collateralize the full amount of any Swingline Loans then outstanding, and (y) to the extent elected by any Bank Services Provider the Borrower shall also Cash Collateralize the amount of any Obligations in respect of Bank Services and FX Contracts then outstanding, which Cash Collateralized amounts shall be applied by such Bank Services Provider to the payment of all such outstanding Bank Services and FX Contracts, and any unused portion thereof remaining after all such Bank Services and FX Contracts shall have been fully paid and satisfied in full shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay other Obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of   Section 8.3  .  After all such Letters of Credit and Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts shall have been terminated, expired or fully drawn upon, as applicable, and all amounts drawn under any such Letters of Credit shall have been reimbursed in full and all other Obligations of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties (including any such Obligations arising in connection with Bank Services and FX Contracts) shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, of the funds having been so Cash Collateralized shall be returned to the Borrower (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto).  Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.  
   8.3 Application of Funds  .  After the exercise of remedies provided for in   Section 8.2  , any amounts received by the Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:  
  First , to the payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest but including any Collateral-Related Expenses, fees, charges and disbursements of cou nsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under   Sections 2.19  ,   2.20   and   2.21  ) payable to the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, and to any Bank Services Providers (in their respective capacities as providers of Bank Services and FX Contracts) (including interest  thereon), in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause  First  payable to them; 
  Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender (including any Letter of Credit Fronting Fees, Issuing Lender Fees and the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to th e respective Lenders and the Issuing Lender and amounts payable under   Sections 2.19  ,   2.20   and   2.21  ), any Qualified Counterparties, and to any Bank Services Providers (in their respective capacities as providers of Bank Services and FX Contracts), in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Second   payable to them;  
  Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest in respect of any Bank Services and FX Contracts and on the Loans and L/C Disbursements which have not yet been converted into Revolving Loans, and to payment of premiums and other fees (including any interest thereon) under any Specified Swap Agreements and any Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts, in each case, ratably among the Lenders, the Issuing Lender, any Bank Services Providers (in their respective capacities as providers of Bank Services and FX Contracts), and any Qualified Counterparties, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause  Third  payable t o them;  
    Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Disbursements which have not yet been converted into Revolving Loans, and settlement amounts, payment amounts and other termination payment obligations under any Specified Swap Agreements  and Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts, in each case, ratably among the Lenders,   
 109 

the Issuing Lender, any Bank Services Providers (in their respective capacities as providers of Bank Services and FX Contracts), and   any applicable Qualified Counterparties, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Fourth   and payable to them;  
  Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender, to Cash Collateralize that portion of the L/C Exposure comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to  Section 3.10 ; 
  Sixth , if so elected by any Bank Services Provider, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank Services Providers, to Cash Collateralize then outstanding Obligations arising in connection with Bank Services and FX Contracts; 
  Seventh , to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties that are then due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date  (including any such other Obligations arising in connection with any Bank Services and FX Contracts), in each case, ra tably among them in proportion to the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations described in this clause  Seventh  and payable to them; 
  Eighth , for the account of any applicable Qualified Counterparty, to Cash Collateralize Obligations arising under any then outstanding Specified Swap Agreements, in each case, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause  Eighth  payable to them; and 
  Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full (excluding, for this purpose, any Obligations which have been Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof), to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to  Sections 2.24(a) ,  3.4 ,  3.5  and  3.10 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause  Fifth  above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur.  If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral for Letters of Credit after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Excluded Swap Obligation of any Guarantor shall be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or from any Collateral in which such Guarantor has granted to the Administrative Agent a Lien (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement;  provided ,  however , that each party to this Agreement hereby acknowledges and agrees that appropriate adjustments shall be made by the Administrative Agent (which adjustments shall be controlling in the absence of manifest error) with respect to payments received from other Loan Parties in order to preserve the allocation of such payments to the satisfaction of the Obligations in the order otherwise contemplated in this  Section 8.3 .   
   Section 9   THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
   9.1 Appointment and Authority  .  
 (a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints SVB to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  
 110 

(b)  The provisions of   Section 9   are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions (other than provisions that are for the express benefit of the Borrower).  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities to any Lender or any other Person, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term  agent  herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.  Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.  
 (c)  The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and the Issuing Lender and each of the other Lenders (in their respective capacities as a Lender and, as applicable, Qualified Counterparty)     hereby irrevocably (i) authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into all other Loan Documents, as applicable, including the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, any subordination agreements and any other Security Documents, and (ii) appoint and authorize the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of the Secured Parties for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 9.2  for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this  Section 9  and  Section 10  (including  Section 9.7 , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent is further authorized on behalf of all the Lenders, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from the Lenders, from time to time to take any action, or permit the any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent to take any action, with respect to any Collateral or the Loan Documents which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens upon any Collateral granted pursuant to any Loan Document. 
   9.2 Delegation of Duties  .  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions of this Section shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub agents.  
   9.3 Exculpatory Provisions  .  The Administrative Agent shall have no duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder and thereunder shall be administrative in nature.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not:  
 111 

(a)  be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether any Default or any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;  
 (b) have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), as applicable;   provided  that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
 (c) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  
 The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in  Sections 8.2  and  10.1 ), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in  Section 5.1 ,  Section 5.2  or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
     9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent  .  The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any of the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.  The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes   
 112 

unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action.  The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans.  
   9.5 Notice of Default  .  The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice in writing from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a  notice of default.   In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders.  The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders);   provided   that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action or refrain from taking such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders.  
   9.6 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders  .  Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Group Member or any Affiliate of a Group Member, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent to any Lender.  Each Lender represents to the Administrative Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Group Members and their affiliates and made its own credit analysis and decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender also agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Group Members and their affiliates.  Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Group Member or any Affiliate of a Group Member that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or affiliates.  
     9.7 Indemnification  .  Each of the Lenders agrees to indemnify each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender and each of its Related Parties in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to do so) according to its   
 113 

Aggregate Exposure Percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this   Section 9.7   (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, in accordance with its Aggregate Exposure Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such other Person in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent or such other Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing and any other amounts not reimbursed by the Borrower or such other Loan Party;   provided   that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the Administrative Agent s or such other Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct, and that with respect to such unpaid amounts owed to any Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender solely in its capacity as such, only the Revolving Lenders shall be required to pay such unpaid amounts, such payment to be made severally among them based on such Revolving Lenders  Revolving Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought).  The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.  
   9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity  .  The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term  Lender  or  Lenders  shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.  
   9.9 Successor Administrative Agent  .    
 (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower unless a Default or Event of Default then exists, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the State of California, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the State of California.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the    Resignation Effective Date  ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above;  provided  that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender.  Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
   (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person, remove such Person as Administrative Agent (which right of removal shall be made in consultation with the Borrower unless a Default or an Event of Default then exists) and appoint a successor.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the   
 114 

Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the    Removal Effective Date   ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date.  
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and such collateral security is assigned to such successor Administrative Agent) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section).  The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.  After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of   Section 9  and  Section 10.5  shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as the Administrative Agent. 
   9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters  .  The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion,  
 (a) to release any Lien on any Collateral or other property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the Discharge of Obligations, (ii) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) subject to   Section 10.1 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any Collateral or other property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by   Sections 7.3(g)  and  (i) ; and 
 (c) to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents.  
 (d) Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this   Section 9.10 . 
   (e) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the   
 115 

Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.  
   9.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim  .  In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:  
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, Obligations in respect of any Letter of Credit and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under   Sections 2.9  and  10.5 ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;  
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under  Sections 2.9  and  10.5 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
   9.12 No Other Duties, Etc  .  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the  Book Managers ,  Arrangers ,  Documentation Agents  or  Syndication Agents  listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender hereunder.  
   9.13 Survival.    This   Section 9   shall survive the Discharge of Obligations.  
   Section 10   MISCELLANEOUS 
   10.1 Amendments and Waivers  .  
   (a) Neither this Agreement, nor any other Loan Document (other than any L/C Related Document and other than any Bank Services Agreement),    nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this  Section 10.1 .  The Required Lenders and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, or, with the written  
 116 

consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (i) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (ii) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences;   provided   that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall (A) forgive the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, extend the scheduled date of any amortization payment in respect of any Term Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable hereunder (except that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (A)) or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lender s Revolving Commitment or Term Commitment, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (B) eliminate or reduce the voting rights of any Lender under this   Section 10.1   without the written consent of such Lender; (C) reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, release all or substantially all of the Collateral or release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders; (D) (1) amend, modify or waive the pro rata requirements of   Section 2.18   or any other provision of the Loan Documents (including   Section 8.3  ) requiring pro rata treatment of payments to the Lenders in a manner that adversely affects Revolving Lenders without the written consent of each Revolving Lender or (2) amend, modify or waive the pro rata requirements of   Section 2.18   or any other provision of the Loan Documents (including   Section 8.3  ) requiring pro rata treatment of payments to the Lenders in a manner that adversely affects Term Lenders or the L/C Lenders without the written consent of each Term Lender and/or, as applicable, each L/C Lender; (E) reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Revolving Lenders without the written consent of all Revolving Lenders or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Term Lenders without the written consent of all Term Lenders; (F) amend, modify or waive any provision of   Section 9   without the written consent of the Administrative Agent; (G) amend, modify or waive any provision of   Section 2.6   or   2.7   without the written consent of the Swingline Lender; (H) amend, modify or waive any provision of   Section 3   without the written consent of the Issuing Lender; or (I)(1) amend or modify the application of payments set forth in   Section 8.3   in a manner that adversely affects Revolving Lenders without the written consent of the Majority Revolving Lenders, (2) amend or modify the application of payments set forth in   Section 8.3   in a manner that adversely affects Term Lenders or the L/C Lenders without the written consent of the Majority Term Lenders and, as applicable, the L/C Lenders, or (3) amend or modify the application of payments provisions set forth in   Section 8.3   in a manner that adversely affects the Issuing Lender or any Qualified Counterparty, as applicable, without the written consent of the Issuing Lender or each such Qualified Counterparty, as applicable.  Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, each Qualified Counterparty, and all future holders of the Loans.  In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured during the period such waiver is effective; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuing Lender may amend any of the L/C Documents without the consent of the Administrative Agent or any other Lender.  
   (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Section 10.1(a)  above, in the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party, as applicable, requests that this Agreement or any of  
 117 

the other Loan Documents, as applicable, be amended or otherwise modified in a manner which would require the consent of all of the Lenders or, as applicable, all affected Lenders, and such amendment or other modification is agreed to by the Borrower and/or such other Loan Party, as applicable, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent, then, with the consent of the Borrower and/or such other Loan Party, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as applicable, may be amended without the consent of the Lender or Lenders who are unwilling to agree to such amendment or other modification (each, a    Minority Lender   ), to provide for:  
 (i) the termination of the Commitments of each such Minority Lender;  
 (ii) the assumption of the Loans and Commitments of each such Minority Lender by one or more Replacement Lenders pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.23 ; and 
 (iii) the payment of all interest, fees and other obligations payable or accrued in favor of each Minority Lender and such other modifications to this Agreement or to such Loan Documents as the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders may determine to be appropriate in connection therewith.  
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary but subject to the proviso in   Section 10.1(a) , this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Borrower ,  (i) to add one or more additional credit or term loan facilities to this Agreement and to permit all such additional extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection therewith and from time to time outstanding thereunder to share ratably (or on a basis subordinated to the existing facilities hereunder) in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing facilities hereunder, and (ii) in connection with the foregoing, to permit, as deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent and approved by the Required Lenders, the Lenders providing such additional credit facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the Required Lenders and Majority Revolving Lenders or Majority Term Lenders, as applicable. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract may be amended or otherwise modified by the parties thereto in accordance with the terms thereof without the consent of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.  
   10.2 Notices  .  
 (a) All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile or electronic mail), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile or electronic mail notice, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and as set forth in an administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto:  

118 

provided  that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall not be effective until received. 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent;   provided  that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to  Section 2  unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender.  The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it;  provided  that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (a) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgment); and (b) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (a) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor;  provided  that, for both clauses (a) and (b) above, if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.  
 119 

(d)  (i)   Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the    Platform   ).  
 (ii)  The Platform is provided  as is  and  as available.   The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications.  No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the    Agent Parties  ) have any liability to the Borrower or the other Loan Parties, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform.    Communications   means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the Transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. 
   10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies  .  No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.  
   10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties  .  All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder.  
   10.5 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver  .  
   (a)   Costs and Expenses .  The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable invoiced fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the Facilities (including the syndication of the Facilities contemplated by this Agreement), the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any amendments, amendments and restatements, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iii) all documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (a) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (b) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued or participated in hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such  
 120 

Loans or Letters of Credit.  
 (b)   Indemnification by the Borrower .  The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender (including the Issuing Lender), and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an   Indemnitee  ) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) other than such Indemnitee and its Related Parties arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Lender to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Materials of Environmental Concern on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto;  provided  that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.  This  Section 10.5(b)  shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c)   Reimbursement by Lenders .  To the extent that the Borrower (or any other Loan Party pursuant to any other Loan Document) for any reason fails indefeasibly to pay any amount required under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s  pro rata  share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender);  provided  that with respect to such unpaid amounts owed to the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender solely in its capacity as such, only the Revolving Lenders shall be required to pay such unpaid amounts, such payment to be made severally among them based on such Revolving Lenders  Revolving Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought); and  provided   further , that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity.  The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the provisions of  Sections 2.1 ,  2.4  and  2.20(e) . 
   (d)   Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc .  To the fullest extent permitted by  
 121 

applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit, or the use of the proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.  
 (e)   Payments .  All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after demand therefor. 
 (f)   Survival .  Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the resignation of the Issuing Lender, the resignation of the Swingline Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Loan Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to  Section 10.21  as a result of a failure to consummate the Asset Acquisition on or prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline in accordance with  Section 5.2(p) ), the termination of the Commitments (including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to  Section 10.21  as a result of a failure to consummate the Asset Acquisition on or prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline in accordance with  Section 5.2(p) ) and the Discharge of Obligations. 
   10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments  .  
 (a)   Successors and Assigns Generally .  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby  (which for purposes of this   Section 10.6   shall include any Bank Services Provider), excep t that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b)   Assignments by Lenders .  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it);  provided  that (in each case with respect to any Facility) any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
 (i)   Minimum Amounts . 
   (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments and/or the Loans at the time owing to it (in each case with respect to any Facility) or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no   
 122 

minimum amount need be assigned; and  
 (B) in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitments (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitments are not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if    Trade Date   is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility, or $5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Term Loan Facility, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii)   Proportionate Amounts .  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans and/or the Commitments assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 
 (iii)   Required Consents .  No consent shall be required for any assignment by a Lender except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 
 (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;   provided  that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after having received notice thereof;   
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (i) the Revolving Facility or any unfunded Commitments with respect to the Term Loan Facility if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of such Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender, or (ii) any Term Loans to a Person who is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and  
 (C) the consent of the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility.  
 (iv)   Assignment and Assumption .  The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500;  provided  that the Administrative Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any such administrative questionnaire as the Administrative Agent may request. 
 (v)   No Assignment to Certain Persons .  No such assignment shall be made to (A) a Loan Party or any of a Loan Party s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute a Defaulting Lender or a Subsidiary thereof.   
 123 

(vi)    No Assignment to Natural Persons  .  No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person).  
 (vii)   Certain Additional Payments .  In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of  the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Revolving Percentage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits and subject to the obligations of  Sections 2.19 ,  2.20 ,  2.21  and  10.5  with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment;  provided  that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section. 
 (c)   Register .  The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in California a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the   Register  ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
   (d)   Participations .  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, or any Loan Party or any of any Loan Party s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a  
 124 

Participant   ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Loans owing to it);   provided   that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnities under   Sections 2.20(e)   and   9.7   with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).  
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;  provided  that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver which affects such Participant and for which the consent of such Lender is required (as described in  Section 10.1 ).  The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of  Sections 2.19 ,  2.20  and  2.21  (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under  Section 2.20(f)  (it being understood that the documentation required under  Section 2.20(f)  shall be delivered by such Participant to the Lender granting the participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section;  provided  that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of  Section 2.23  as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under  Sections 2.19  or  2.20 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in any Requirement of Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.  Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of  Section 2.23  with respect to any Participant.  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of  Section 10.7  as though it were a Lender;  provided  that such Participant agrees to be subject to  Section 2.18(k)  as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the   Participant Register    provided  that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e)   Certain Pledges .  Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central banking authority;  provided  that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
   (f)   Notes .  The Borrower, upon receipt by the Borrower of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type  
 125 

described in   Section 10.6  .  
 (g)   Representations and Warranties of Lenders .  Each Lender, upon execution and delivery hereof or upon succeeding to an interest in the Commitments or Loans, as the case may be, represents and warrants as of the Amendment and Restatement Date or as of the effective date of the applicable Assignment and Assumption that (i) it is an Eligible Assignee; (ii) it has experience and expertise in the making of or investing in commitments, loans or investments such as the Commitments and Loans; and (iii) it will make or invest in its Commitments and Loans for its own account in the ordinary course of its business and without a view to distribution of such Commitments and Loans within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or other federal securities laws (it being understood that, subject to the provisions of this  Section 10.6 , the disposition of such Commitments and Loans or any interests therein shall at all times remain within its exclusive control). 
   10.7 Adjustments; Set-off  .  
 (a) Except to the extent that this Agreement expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender or to the Lenders under a particular Facility, if any Lender (a    Benefitted Lender  ) shall, at any time after the Loans and other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable pursuant to  Section 8.2 , receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in  Section 8.1(f) , or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of the Obligations owing to such other Lender, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of the Obligations owing to each such other Lender, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders;  provided  that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
   (b) Upon (i) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (ii) obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower and each Loan Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, at any time held or owing, and any other credits, indebtedness, claims or obligations, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender, its Affiliates or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, as the case may be, against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such other Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract and although such obligations of the Borrower or such other Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness;   provided  that in the event that any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of  Section 2.23  and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate thereof from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a  
 126 

statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate thereof as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application made by such Lender or any of its Affiliates;   provided   that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.  The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this   Section 10.7   are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which such Lender or its Affiliates may have.  
   10.8 Payments Set Aside  .  To the extent that any payment or transfer by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or transfer or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any Insolvency Proceeding or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent,   plus   interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect.  This   Section 10.8   shall survive the Discharge of Obligations.  
   10.9 Interest Rate Limitation  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the    Maximum Rate   ).  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.  
   10.10 Counterparts; Electronic Execution of Assignments  .  
 (a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic mail transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.  A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.  
 (b) The words  execution,   signed,   signature,  and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.  
     10.11 Severability  .  Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any   
 127 

jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this   Section 10.11  , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited under or in connection with any Insolvency Proceeding, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.  
   10.12 Integration  .  The Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the 2013 Enterasys Stock Acquisition Documentation, the Asset Acquisition Documents, the Bank Services Agreements, and the FX Contracts represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or therein.  
   10.13 GOVERNING LAW  .   THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA .  This   Section 10.13   shall survive the Discharge of Obligations.  
   10.14 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers  .  The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:  
 (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts in the Northern District of the State of California;   provided  that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude the Administrative Agent or any Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Administrative Agent or such Lender.  The Borrower expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and the Borrower hereby waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court.  The Borrower hereby waives personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to the Borrower at the addresses set forth in  Section 10.2  of this Agreement and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of the Borrower s actual receipt thereof or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid; 
 (b)   WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS.  THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL ; 
   (c)   AGREES, WITHOUT INTENDING IN ANY WAY TO LIMIT ITS AGREEMENT TO WAIVE ITS  RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY , that if the above waiver of the right to a trial by jury is not enforceable, any and all disputes or controversies of any nature arising under  
 128 

the Loan Documents at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, mutually selected by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (or, if they cannot agree, by the Presiding Judge in the Northern District of the State of California) appointed in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 (or pursuant to comparable provisions of federal law if the dispute falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts), sitting without a jury, in the Northern District of the State of California; and the Borrower hereby submits to the jurisdiction of such court.  The reference proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of California Code of Civil Procedure    638 through 645.1, inclusive.  The private judge shall have the power, among others, to grant provisional relief, including without limitation, entering temporary restraining orders, issuing preliminary and permanent injunctions and appointing receivers.  All such proceedings shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto shall be permanently sealed.  If during the course of any dispute, a party desires to seek provisional relief, but a judge has not been appointed at that point pursuant to the judicial reference procedures, then such party may apply to the court in the Northern District of the State of California for such relief. The proceeding before the private judge shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of evidence applicable to judicial proceedings.  The Borrower shall be entitled to discovery which shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of discovery applicable to judicial proceedings. The private judge shall oversee discovery and may enforce all discovery rules and orders applicable to judicial proceedings in the same manner as a trial court judge.  The Borrower agrees that the selected or appointed private judge shall have the power to decide all issues in the action or proceeding, whether of fact of law, and shall report a statement of decision thereon pursuant to the California Code of Civil Procedure   644(a). Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender at any time to exercise self-help remedies, foreclose against collateral, or obtain provisional remedies. The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation and enforceability of this paragraph; and  
 (d) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages.  
 This  Section 10.14  shall survive the Discharge of Obligations. 
   10.15 Acknowledgements  .  The Borrower hereby acknowledges that:  
 (a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
 (b) none of the Administrative Agent nor any Lender has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to the Borrower arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between the Administrative Agent and Lenders, on one hand, and the Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and  
 (c) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the Transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among the Borrower and the Lenders.  
   10.16 Releases of Guarantees and Liens  .  
   (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by   Section 10.1 ) to take,  
 129 

and for the benefit of the Borrower the Administrative Agent agrees to take, any action requested by the Borrower having the effect of releasing any Collateral or guarantee obligations (1) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has been consented to in accordance with   Section 10.1   or (2) under the circumstances described in   Section 10.16(b)   below.  
 (b) At such time as the Discharge of Obligations shall have occurred, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents and Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts (other than any Bank Services Agreements used to Cash Collateralize any Obligations arising in connection with Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts), and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents and Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts (other than any Bank Services Agreements used to Cash Collateralize any Obligations arising in connection with Bank Services Agreements and FX Contracts) shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person.  
   10.17 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality  .  Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners); (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority, in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law or if requested or required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding; (d) to any other party hereto; (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or Bank Services Agreement or FX Contracts or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Bank Services Agreement or FX Contracts or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder; (g) on a confidential basis to (i)  any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the Facilities or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Facilities; (h) with the consent of the Borrower; or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.  In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments.  
   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any party to this Agreement (and any employee, representative, or other agent of any party to this Agreement) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.  However, any such information relating to the tax  
 130 

treatment or tax structure is required to be kept confidential to the extent necessary to comply with any applicable federal or state securities laws.  
 For purposes of this Section,   Information   means all information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be permitted to use any information (not constituting Information subject to the foregoing confidentiality restrictions) related to the syndication and arrangement of the senior credit facilities contemplated by this Agreement in connection with marketing, press releases or other transactional announcements or updates provided to investor or trade publications, including the placement of  tombstone  advertisements in publications of its choice at its own expense. 
   10.18 Automatic Debits  .  With respect to any principal, interest, fee, or any other cost or expense (including attorney costs of the Administrative Agent or any Lender payable by the Borrower hereunder) due and payable to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the Loan Documents, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to debit any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in an amount such that the aggregate amount debited from all such deposit accounts does not exceed such principal, interest, fee or other cost or expense.  If there are insufficient funds in such deposit accounts to cover the amount then due, such debits will be reversed (in whole or in part, in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion) and such amount not debited shall be deemed to be unpaid.  No such debit under this   Section 10.18   shall be deemed a set-off.  
   10.19  Judgment Currency.   If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.  The obligation of each Borrower and each other Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the    Judgment Currency   ) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the    Agreement Currency   ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency.  If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Borrower or any other Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, such Borrower and each other Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss.  If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Borrower or other Loan Party, as applicable (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).   
     10.20 Patriot Act  .  Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of   
 131 

any other party) hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the names and addresses and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act.  The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, provide, to the extent commercially reasonable or required by any Requirement of Law, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to assist the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.  
   10.21 Termination.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document:    
 (a) This Agreement (other than   Sections 2.19 ,  2.20 ,  2.21 ,  10.5 ,  10.8 ,  10.13  and  10.14 ,  Section 9  and any other agreement set forth in a Loan Document that expressly survives the termination of the Commitments and the Discharge of Obligations) and any Commitment of any Lender hereunder shall terminate upon the occurrence of the Discharge of Obligations.   
 (b) In the event that the Asset Acquisition is not consummated in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof (including   Section 5.1 ) and the Asset Acquisition Documents, (i) all fees (including all Commitment Fees having accrued to such date under  Section 2.9(b) ) having accrued to the date of the Asset Acquisition Deadline and all costs, expenses and indemnities then due under the Loan Documents (including  Section 10.5 ) shall become due and payable on the Asset Acquisition Deadline without demand by or notice from the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (ii) no fees or other amounts having been paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Fee Letter and/or the Commitment Letter prior to the Asset Acquisition Deadline shall be required to be refunded in whole or in part to the Borrower or any other Person, (iii) the Commitments of the Lenders shall terminate, and (iv) upon the occurrence of the Discharge of Obligations, the Loan Documents (other than any Bank Services Agreement or FX Contract, and other than  Sections 2.19 ,  2.20 ,  2.21 ,  10.5 ,  10.8 ,  10.13 ,  10.14 ,  Section 9  and any other agreement set forth in a Loan Document that expressly survives the termination of the Commitments and the Discharge of Obligations) shall terminate in accordance with the terms thereof.  For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, unless the Amendment and Restatement Date shall have occurred on or prior thereto, the Commitments of the Lenders shall terminate on the Asset Acquisition Deadline, and the Existing Credit Agreement and Existing Loan Documents shall remain in effect.  
     10.22 Amendment and Restatement Matters.    This Agreement is intended to amend and restate and supersede and replace in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement, without novation, with the Commitments set forth herein and the Lenders party hereto.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, on the Amendment and Restatement Date, each Lender listed on the signature pages hereof not previously party to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and become a Lender hereunder and shall have all of the rights and be obligated to perform all of the obligations of a Lender hereunder to the extent of its Commitment.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, in order to effect the restructuring of the Existing Credit Facilities as contemplated by this Agreement, (a) any  Loans  (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date will be deemed Loans in accordance with this Agreement, (b)   Section 3.4(b)   shall apply to all Existing Letters of Credit, and (c) to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent prior to the Amendment and Restatement Date, any accrued and unpaid interest, and all accrued and incurred and unpaid fees, costs and expenses payable under the Existing Credit Agreement, will be due and payable on the Amendment and Restatement Date.  The Borrower ratifies, affirms and acknowledges all of its  Obligations  (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) in respect of the Existing Loan Documents, which  Obligations  (as defined in the Existing   
 132 

Credit Agreement) shall constitute Obligations as defined in this Agreement, and the Lenders shall be deemed to have participating interests therein as of the Amendment and Restatement Date in accordance with their Revolving Percentages and Term Percentages as reflected in   Schedule 1.1A  .  All previously outstanding promissory notes under the Existing Credit Agreement will be deemed amended, restated and replaced and of no further force and effect upon the occurrence of the Amendment and Restatement Date and the issuance of the Notes hereunder.   
   10.23 Contractual Recognition Provision.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:  
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and  
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:  
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;  
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or  
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.  
 [Remainder of page left blank intentionally] 
   
 133 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.  
 BORROWER: 
 EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 as the Borrower 

By:   
 
 /s/ KATAYOUN MOTIEY   

Name:  
 
 Katayoun Motiey   

Title:  
 
  EVP, Chief Administrative Officer  and Corporate Secretary  

Signature Page 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:  
 SILICON VALLEY BANK  as the Administrative Agent  

By:  
 
 /s/ STEPHEN CHANG   

Name:  
 
 Stephen Chang   

Title:  
 
 Vice President   

Signature Page 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

LENDERS:  
 SILICON VALLEY BANK  as Issuing Lender, Swingline Lender and as a Lender  

By:  
 
 /s/ STEPHEN CHANG   

Name:  
 
 Stephen Chang   

Title:  
 
 Vice President   

Signature Page 3 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.   as a Lender  

By:  
 
 /s/ THOMAS R. SULLIVAN   

Name:  
 
 Thomas R. Sullivan  

Title:  
 
 Senior Vice President   

Signature Page 4 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.   as a Lender  

By:  
 
 /s/ WILLIAM HORSTMAN   

Name:  
 
 William Horstman   

Title:  
 
 Authorized Officer   

Signature Page 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

CADENCE BANK, N.A.   as a Lender  

By:  
 
 /s/ STEVE PRICHOFT   

Name:  
 
 Steve Prichoft   

Title:  
 
 Executive Vice President   

Signature Page 6 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

COMERICA BANK   as a Lender  

By:  
 
 /s/ ELIZABETH LEAHY   

Name:  
 
 Elizabeth Leahy   

Title:  
 
 Vice President   

Signature Page 7 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement   

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 extr-ex105_371.htm
 EX-10.5

extr-ex105_371.htm

Exhibit 10.5 
 EXTREME NETWORKS, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN 
 Amended and Restated November 1, 2016 

1.   Establishment and Purpose  
 The Extreme Networks, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the   Plan  ) was established by the Board of Directors of Extreme Networks, Inc., effective February 8, 2006, and amended and restated as of August 7, 2008, February 12, 2014 and May 4, 2016.   Effective as of November 1, 2016, the Plan is hereby further amended and restated as set forth herein. 
 2.   Definitions and Construction  
 2.1         Definitions .  Whenever used in this Plan, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in Appendix A. 
 2.2   Construction.   Captions and titles contained in this Plan are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of the Plan.  Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.  Use of the term  or  is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 3.   Eligibility and Participation  
 The Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Officers and Vice Presidents shall be eligible to become Participants in the Plan.  The Chief Executive Officer and Officers shall automatically become Participants in the Plan without further action by the Company.  For Vice Presidents, in order to become a Participant, such an individual must be designated by the Committee.   
 4.   Effect of a Change in Control on Equity Awards   
 All Equity Awards subject to this Section 4 which have been or in the future are granted to the Company s Chief  Executive  Officer shall be governed by the terms of that certain offer letter by and between the Company and the Company s Chief Executive Officer to the extent such offer letter provides treatment more favorable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer than this Section 4.   
   4.1   Equity Awards   Not Assumed or Substituted.    Subject to the terms of the award agreement governing the Equity Award and Section 4.3, in the event of a Change in Control in which the Acquiror does not assume or continue any of then-outstanding Equity Awards held by the Participant or substitute for any such awards substantially equivalent awards, then the vesting, exercisability and settlement of each such award that, as of immediately prior to the Change in Control, was scheduled to vest based solely on the continued service of Participant and which is not assumed, continued or substituted for shall be accelerated by crediting the   
 1 

Participant with the number of months of Serv  ice equal to the Participant s Severance Period effective immediately prior to but conditioned upon the consummation of the Change in Control.    
 4.2   Equity Awards   Assumed or Substituted.   In the event of a Change in Control in which the Acquiror assumes or continues the Company s rights and obligations under any of the then-outstanding Equity Awards held by the Participant or substitutes for any such Equity Awards substantially equivalent awards, then each such Equity Award shall vest and become exercisable or settleable as determined in accordance with the agreement applicable to such award as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 4.3   Effect On Equity Award Agreements . The provisions contained in Section 4.1 of this Plan shall apply notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any agreement evidencing an Equity Award granted to a Participant to the extent such agreement confers lesser rights to the Participant. 
 5.   Termination Upon a Change in Control  
 In the event of a Participant s Termination Upon a Change in Control, the Participant shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5.  The provision, time and manner of payment or distribution of all such compensation and benefits shall be subject to, limited by and construed in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable, including any delay in payments after a Termination Upon a Change in Control of a Specified Employee required by Section 409A. 
 5.1   Accrued Obligations.   The Participant shall be entitled to receive: 
 (a)  all salary, commissions and accrued but unused vacation earned through the date of the Participant s termination of employment; 
 (b)  payment within ten (10) business days following the Participant s termination of employment of any Prior Year Bonus or portion thereof which the Committee determines has been earned by the Participant as of the date of the Participant s termination of employment under the terms of the programs, plans or agreements providing for such bonus, but which remains unpaid as of such date; 
 (c)  reimbursement within ten (10) business days of submission of proper expense reports of all expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by the Participant in connection with the business of the Company Group prior to his or her termination of employment; and 
 (d)  the benefits, if any, under any Company Group retirement plan, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, stock purchase or other stock-based compensation plan or agreement (other than any such plan or agreement pertaining to Equity Awards whose treatment is prescribed by Section 5.2(c) below), health benefits plan or other Company Group benefit plan to which the Participant may be entitled pursuant to the terms of such plans or agreements. 
 2 

5.2    Severa  nce Benefits.    Provided that the Participant executes the Release prior the Release Deadline and such Release then becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms, the Participant shall be entitled to receive the following severance payments   and benefits:  
 (a)   Salary and Bonus.   On the first payroll date following the last to occur of (i) the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable; and (ii) if the Participant is a Specified Employee, six months after the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump sum cash payment an amount equal to the sum of (1) the Participant s Base Salary Rate multiplied by the number of months in the Severance Period applicable to the Participant and (2) the Participant s Annual Bonus multiplied by the Severance Multiplier applicable to the Participant. 
 (b)   Health Insurance Benefits.   For the period commencing immediately following the Participant s Separation from Service and continuing for the two (2) month anniversary of the date of such Participant s Separation from Service, the Company shall arrange to provide the Participant and his or her dependents with health insurance benefits (including medical, dental and vision) substantially similar to those provided to the Participant and his or her dependents immediately prior to the date of such termination of employment (without giving effect to any reduction in such benefits constituting Good Reason).  The Company may satisfy its obligation to provide a continuation of health insurance benefits by paying, or reimbursing the Participant for, that portion of the Participant s premiums required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (    COBRA    ) that exceed the amount of premiums that the Participant would have been required to pay for continuing coverage had he or she continued in employment.  Such benefits shall be provided to the Participant at the same premium cost to the Participant and at the same coverage level as in effect as of the Participant s termination of employment (without giving effect to any reduction in such benefits constituting Good Reason);  provided ,  however , that the Participant shall be subject to any change in the premium cost and/or level of coverage applicable generally to all employees holding the position or comparable position with the Company which the Participant held immediately prior to the Change in Control.  If the Participant becomes eligible to receive such coverage under another employer s benefit plans during the applicable two (2) month period, the Participant shall report such eligibility to the Company, and the Company s obligations under this Section 5.2(b) shall be secondary to the coverage provided by such other employer s plans.  For the balance of any period in excess of the applicable two (2) month period during which the Participant is entitled to continuation coverage under COBRA, the Participant shall be entitled to maintain coverage for himself or herself and the Participant s eligible dependents at the Participant s own expense. 
   (c)   Acceleration of Vesting of Equity Awards.   Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any agreement evidencing an Equity Award granted to a Participant, the vesting, exercisability and settlement of each of the Participant s outstanding Equity Awards that, as of immediately prior to such the Participant s Separation from Service, was scheduled to vest based solely upon Participant s continued services shall be accelerated in full effective as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service so that each such Equity Award held by the Participant shall be immediately exercisable and fully vested (and, in the case  
 3 

of Restricted Stock Units, shall be settled in full), as of the date of the Participant s Separati  on from Service.  
 (d)   Outplacement Assistance .  For one (1) month following on the date of termination of a Participant s employment, such Participant shall receive outplacement assistance services from Right Management, and the Company shall pay all costs of such services. 
 5.3   Indemnification; Insurance.  
 (a)  In addition to any rights a Participant may have under any indemnification agreement previously entered into between the Company and such Participant (a     Prior Indemnity Agreement    ), from and after the date of the Participant s termination of employment, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Participant against any costs or expenses (including attorneys  fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that the Participant is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company Group, or is or was serving at the request of the Company Group as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the date of the Participant s termination of employment, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, and the Company shall also advance fees and expenses (including attorneys  fees) as incurred by the Participant to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.  In the event of a conflict between the provisions of a Prior Indemnity Agreement and the provisions of this Plan, the Participant may elect which provisions shall govern. 
 (b)  For a period of six (6) years from and after the date of termination of employment of a Participant who was an officer and/or director of the Company at any time prior to such termination of employment, the Company shall maintain a policy of directors  and officers  liability insurance for the benefit of such Participant which provides him or her with coverage no less favorable than that provided for the Company s continuing officers and directors. 
 6.   Federal Excise Tax Under Section 4999 of the Code  
 6.1   Excess Parachute Payment.   In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by the Participant pursuant to this Plan or otherwise (collectively, the     Payments    ) would subject the Participant to any excise tax pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code (the     Excise Tax    ) due to the characterization of such Payments as an excess parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, then, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Plan, the amount of such Payments will not exceed the amount which produces the greatest after-tax benefit to the Participant.  For purposes of this Section 6.1, if Payments must be reduced, then such reductions shall come first from the cash severance otherwise payable to the Participant. 
   6.2   Determination by Accountants.   Upon the occurrence of any event (the     Event    ) that would give rise to any Payments pursuant to this Plan, the Company shall  
 4 

promptly request   a determination in writing to be made within thirty (30) days of the date of the Event by independent public accountants (the      Accountants     ) selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Participant of the amount and type of such Payments which   would produce the greatest after-tax benefit to the Participant.  For the purposes of such determination, the Accountants may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code.  The Company and   the Participant shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make their required determination.  The Company shall bear all fees and expenses the Accountants may reasonably charge in   connection with their services contemplated by this Section.  Unless payment is required to commence earlier in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, in the event that the report of the Accountants is not received within thirty (30) days followin  g the Participant s Termination Upon Change in Control, the Company shall pay to the Participant the cash severance benefits required by Section 5.2 above (subject to any reduction necessary to produce the greatest after-tax benefit to the Participant) wit  hin ten (10) days of the later of the date of the Accountants  report of their determination or the payment date determined in accordance with Section 5.2(a) above.  
 7.   Conflict in Benefits; Noncumulation of Benefits  
 7.1   Effect of Plan.   The terms of this Plan, when an individual becomes a  Participant in this Plan, shall supersede all prior arrangements, whether written or oral, and understandings regarding the subject matter of this Plan and shall be the exclusive agreement for the determination of any payments and benefits due to the Participant upon the events described in Sections 4, 5 and 6.  However, if a prior plan or agreement requires the consent of the Participant in order for such prior plan or agreement to be modified or amended or superseded by this Plan, such consent must be obtained from such employee in order for this Plan to supersede such prior plan or agreement, it being understood that, in accordance with Section 7.2, the benefits payable hereunder shall be reduced by the benefits payable under such plan or agreement.  Subject to the foregoing, any benefits under this Plan will be provided to Participants in lieu of benefits under any other separation plan or agreement.   
 7.2   Noncumulation of Benefits.   Except as expressly provided in a written agreement between a Participant and the Company which expressly disclaims this Section 7.2 and is approved by the Board or the Committee, the total amount of payments and benefits that may be received by the Participant as a result of the events described in Sections 4, 5 and 6 pursuant to the Plan, shall be reduced, in whole or in part, by any other severance benefits, pay in lieu of notice, or other similar benefits payable to such Participant by the Company in connection with such Participant s termination, including but not limited to payments or benefits pursuant to (a) any applicable legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, or (b) any Company agreement, arrangement, policy or practice relating to such Participant s termination of employment with the Company, including any existing employment agreement between such Participant and the Company.  The benefits provided under this Plan are intended to satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of any Participant s termination of employment.  Such reductions shall be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits previously paid being recharacterized as payments pursuant to the Company s statutory obligation. 
 5 

8.    Exclusive Remedy  
 The payments and benefits provided pursuant to this Plan (plus any payments and benefits provided pursuant a Prior Indemnity Agreement or an agreement evidencing an Equity Award, subject to such acceleration of vesting, exercisability and settlement provided by this Plan), if applicable, shall constitute the Participant s sole and exclusive remedy for any alleged injury or other damages arising out of the cessation of the employment relationship between the Participant and the Company in the event of the Participant s Termination Upon a Change in Control.  The Participant shall be entitled to no other compensation, benefits, or other payments from the Company as a result of any Termination Upon a Change in Control with respect to which the payments and benefits described in this Plan (plus any payments and benefits provided pursuant a Prior Indemnity Agreement or an agreement evidencing an Equity Award, subject to such acceleration of vesting, exercisability and settlement provided by this Plan), if applicable, have been provided to the Participant, except as expressly set forth in this Plan or, subject to the provisions of Sections 7.1 and 7.2, in a duly executed plan or agreement between Company and the Participant. 
 9.   Proprietary and Confidential Information  
 The Participant agrees to continue to abide by the terms and conditions of the confidentiality and/or proprietary rights agreement between the Participant and the Company or any other member of the Company Group. 
 10.   Nonsolicitation  
 If the Company performs its obligations to deliver the payments and benefits set forth in this Plan (plus any payments and benefits provided pursuant a Prior Indemnity Agreement or an agreement evidencing an Equity Award, subject to such acceleration of vesting, exercisability and settlement provided by this Plan), then, for a period equal to the greater of (a) one (1) year following the Participant s Termination Upon a Change in Control, and (b) the Severance Period, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, recruit, solicit or invite the solicitation of any employees of the Company to terminate their employment relationship with the Company. 
 11.   No Contract of Employment  
 Neither the establishment of the Plan, nor any amendment thereto, nor the payment of any benefits shall be construed as giving any person the right to be retained by the Company, a Successor or any other member of the Company Group.  Except as otherwise established in an employment agreement between the Company and a Participant, the employment relationship between the Participant and the Company is an  at-will  relationship.  Accordingly, either the Participant or the Company may terminate the relationship at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice except as otherwise provided by Section 15.  In addition, nothing in this Plan shall in any manner obligate any Successor or other member of the Company Group to offer employment to any Participant or to continue the employment of any Participant which it does hire for any specific duration of time. 
 6 

12.    Claims for Benefits  
 12.1   ERISA Plan.   This Plan is intended to be (a) an employee welfare plan as defined in Section 3(1) of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (    ERISA    ) and (b) a  top-hat  plan maintained for the benefit of a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Company Group.  This document is intended to constitute both the Plan document and the Plan s Summary Plan Description.  For purposes of ERISA, the Company shall be  Plan Administrator.  
 12.2   Application for Benefits.   All applications for payments and/or benefits under the Plan (    Benefits    ) shall be submitted to the Company s Benefits department personnel (the     Claims Administrator    ), with a copy to the Company s General Counsel.  Applications for Benefits must be in writing on forms acceptable to the Claims Administrator and must be signed by the Participant or beneficiary.  The Claims Administrator reserves the right to require the Participant or beneficiary to furnish such other proof of the Participant s expenses, including without limitation, receipts, canceled checks, bills, and invoices as may be required by the Claims Administrator. 
 12.3   Appeal of Denial of Claim.  
 (a)  If a claimant s claim for Benefits is denied, the Claims Administrator shall provide notice to the claimant in writing of the denial within ninety (90) days after its submission.  The notice shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant and shall include: 
 (1)  The specific reason or reasons for the denial; 
 (2)  Specific references to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based; 
 (3)  A description of any additional material or information necessary for the applicant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and 
 (4)  An explanation of the Plan s claims review procedures and a statement of claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination. 
 (b)  If special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the initial claim, a written notice of the extension and the reason therefor shall be furnished to the claimant before the end of the initial ninety (90) day period.  In no event shall such extension exceed ninety (90) days. 
 (c)  If a claim for Benefits is denied, the claimant, at the claimant s sole expense, may appeal the denial to the Committee (the     Appeals Administrator    ) within sixty (60) days of the receipt of written notice of the denial.  In pursuing such appeal the applicant or his duly authorized representative: 
 7 

(1)    may request in writing that the Appeals Administrator review the denial;  
 (2)  may review pertinent documents; and 
 (3)  may submit issues and comments in writing. 
 (d)  The decision on review shall be made within sixty (60) days of receipt of the request for review, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case a decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review.  If such an extension of time is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant before the end of the original sixty (60) day period.  The decision on review shall be made in writing, shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and, if the decision on review is a denial of the claim for Benefits, shall include:   
 (1)  The specific reason or reasons for the denial; 
 (2)  Specific references to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based; 
 (3)  A description of any additional material or information necessary for the applicant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and  
 (4)  An explanation of the Plan s claims review procedures and a statement of claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination. 
 12.4   Discretionary Authority .  In performing their duties under the Plan, the Company, the Claims Administrator and the Appeals Administrator shall have the discretionary authority to interpret the terms and the eligibility provisions of the Plan. 
 13.   Dispute Resolution  
 13.1   Disputes Subject to Arbitration.   Any claim, dispute or controversy arising out of this Plan, the interpretation, validity or enforceability of this Plan or the alleged breach thereof shall be submitted by the parties to binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association or as otherwise required by ERISA; provided, however, that (a) the arbitrator shall have no authority to make any ruling or judgment that would confer any rights with respect to trade secrets, confidential and proprietary information or other intellectual property; and (b) this arbitration provision shall not preclude the parties from seeking legal and equitable relief from any court having jurisdiction with respect to any disputes or claims relating to or arising out of the misuse or misappropriation of intellectual property.  Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having jurisdiction. 
 13.2   Site of Arbitration.   The site of the arbitration proceeding shall be in Santa Clara, California or any other site mutually agreed to by the Company and the Participant. 
 8 

13.3    Costs and Expenses Borne by Company.    A  ll costs and expenses of arbitration, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs reasonably incurred by the Participant in connection with an arbitration in accordance with this Section 13, shall be paid by the Company.  Notwit  hstanding the foregoing, if the Participant initiates the arbitration, and the arbitrator finds that the Participant s claims were totally without merit or frivolous, then the Participant shall be responsible for the Participant s own attorneys  fees and c  osts.  
 14.   Successors and Assigns  
 14.1   Successors of the Company.   The Company shall require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, expressly, absolutely and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform this Plan in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place.  Failure of the Company to obtain such agreement shall be a material breach of this Plan and shall entitle the Participant to resign for Good Reason and to receive the benefits provided under this Plan in the event of Termination Upon a Change in Control. 
 14.2   Acknowledgment by Company.   If, after a Change in Control, the Company fails to reasonably confirm that it has performed the obligation described in Section 14.1 within thirty (30) days after written notice from the Participant, such failure shall be a material breach of this Plan and shall entitle the Participant to resign for Good Reason and to receive the benefits provided under this Plan in the event of Termination Upon a Change in Control. 
 14.3   Heirs and Representatives of Participant.   This Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Participant s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devises, legatees or other beneficiaries.  If the Participant should die while any amount would still be payable to the Participant hereunder (other than amounts which, by their terms, terminate upon the death of the Participant) if the Participant had continued to live, then all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Plan to the executors, personal representatives or administrators of the Participant s estate. 
 15.   Notices  
 15.1   General.   For purposes of this Plan, notices and all other communications shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by United States certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight courier, postage prepaid, as follows: 
 (a)  if to the Company: 
 Extreme Networks, Inc. 
 145 Rio Robles 
 San Jose, CA  95134 
 Attention: General Counsel 
 9 

(b)  if to the Participant, at the home address which the Participant most recently communicated to the Company in writing. 
 Either party may provide the other with notices of change of address, which shall be effective upon receipt. 
 15.2   Notice of Termination.   Any termination by the Company of the Participant s employment during the Change in Control Period or any resignation by the Participant during the Change in Control Period shall be communicated by a notice of termination or resignation to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 15.1.  Such notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Plan relied upon, shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and shall specify the termination date. 
 16.   Termination and Amendment of Plan  
   The Plan may be terminated or amended in any respect by resolution adopted by two-thirds (2/3) of the Board,  provided , that during a Change in Control Period, the Plan may not   be terminated or amended until the date all payments and benefits eligible to be received hereunder shall have been paid.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Board or the Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion and without the consent of any Participant, amend the Plan, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as it deems necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming the Plan to any present or future law relating to plans of this or similar nature (including, but not limited to, Section 409A of the Code), and to the administrative regulations and rulings promulgated thereunder. 
 17.   Miscellaneous Provisions  
 17.1   Unfunded Obligation.   Any amounts payable to Participants pursuant to the Plan are unfunded obligations.  The Company shall not be required to segregate any monies from its general funds, or to create any trusts, or establish any special accounts with respect to such obligations.  The Company shall retain at all times beneficial ownership of any investments, including trust investments, which the Company may make to fulfill its payment obligations hereunder.  Any investments or the creation or maintenance of any trust or any Participant account shall not create or constitute a trust or fiduciary relationship between the Board or the Company and a Participant, or otherwise create any vested or beneficial interest in any Participant or the Participant s creditors in any assets of the Company. 
   17.2   No Duty to Mitigate; Obligations of Company.   A Participant shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit contemplated by this Plan by seeking employment with a new employer or otherwise, nor shall any such payment or benefit (except for benefits to the extent described in Section 6.2) be reduced by any compensation or benefits that the Participant may receive from employment by another employer.  Except as otherwise provided by this Plan, the obligations of the Company to make payments to the Participant and to make the arrangements provided for herein are absolute and unconditional and may not be reduced by any circumstances, including without limitation any set-off, counterclaim,  
 10 

recoupment, defense or other right which the Company may have against the Participant or any third party at any time.  
 17.3   No Representations.   The Participant acknowledges that in becoming a Participant in the Plan, the Participant is not relying and has not relied on any promise, representation or statement made by or on behalf of the Company which is not set forth in this Plan. 
 17.4   Waiver.   No waiver by the Participant or the Company of any breach of, or of any lack of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Plan by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 17.5   Choice of Law.   The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Plan shall be governed by the substantive laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions to the extent that ERISA does not govern. 
 17.6   Validity.   The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Plan, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 17.7   Benefits Not Assignable.   Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, no right or interest of any Participant under the Plan shall be assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, either directly or by operation of law or otherwise, including, without limitation, by execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or in any other manner, and no attempted transfer or assignment thereof shall be effective.  No right or interest of any Participant under the Plan shall be liable for, or subject to, any obligation or liability of such Participant. 
 17.8   Tax Withholding.   All payments made pursuant to this Plan will be subject to withholding of applicable income and employment taxes. 
 17.9   Consultation with Legal and Financial Advisors.   The Participant acknowledges that this Plan confers significant legal rights, and may also involve the waiver of rights under other agreements; that the Company has encouraged the Participant to consult with the Participant s personal legal and financial advisors; and that the Participant has had adequate time to consult with the Participant s advisors. 

11 

APPENDIX A  
   
  Definitions  

Whenever used in this Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
   
 (a)    Acquiror   means, with respect to a Change in Control, the surviving, continuing, successor or purchasing corporation or other business entity or parent thereof, as the case may be. 
 (b)      Annual Bonus     means an amount equal to the aggregate of all annual incentive bonuses that would be earned by the Participant at the targeted annual rate (determined as if 100% of all applicable performance goals are met) under the terms of the programs, plans or agreements providing for such bonuses in which the Participant was participating for the fiscal year of the Participant s Termination Upon a Change in Control.  For this purpose, annual incentive bonuses shall not include signing bonuses or other nonrecurring cash incentive awards. 
 (c)      Base Salary Rate     means the greater of (1) the Participant s monthly base salary rate in effect immediately prior to the Participant s Termination Upon a Change in Control or (2) the Participant s monthly base salary rate in effect immediately prior to the applicable Change in Control.  For this purpose, base salary does not include any bonuses, commissions, fringe benefits, car allowances, other irregular payments or any other compensation except base salary. 
 (d)      Board     means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e)      Cause     means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the Participant s theft, dishonesty, misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty for personal profit, or falsification of any documents or records of the Company Group; (2) the Participant s material failure to abide by the code of conduct or other policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to confidentiality and reasonable workplace conduct) of any member of the Company Group; (3) misconduct by the Participant within the scope of Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a result of which of the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement; (4) the Participant s unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of a member of the Company Group (including, without limitation, the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the confidential or proprietary information of a member of the Company Group); (5) any intentional act by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on reputation or business of a member of the Company Group; (6) the Participant s repeated failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from a member of the Company Group of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability; (7) any material breach by the Participant of any employment, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement between the Participant and a member of the Company Group, which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement; or (8) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or  nolo contendere ) of any criminal act involving fraud, dishonesty, misappropriation or moral turpitude, or which impairs the Participant s ability to perform his or her duties with a member of the Company Group. 
 12 

(f)       Change in Control      means the   occurrence of any of the following:  
 (1)  any  person  (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the     Exchange Act    )), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities of the Company under an employee benefit plan of the Company, becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d 3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 
 (2)  the Company is party to a merger or consolidation which results in the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto failing to retain immediately after such merger or consolidation direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company or the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; 
 (3)  the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or consummation of any transaction having similar effect (other than a sale or disposition to one or more subsidiaries of the Company); or 
 (4)  a change in the composition of the Board within any twelve (12) month period as a result of which fewer than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors;  provided ,  however , that to the extent that any amount constituting nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Change in Control, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting a Change in Control would also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (g)      Change in Control Period     means the period commencing three (3) months prior to the consummation of a Change in Control and ending on the first anniversary of the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 (h)      Code     means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor thereto and any applicable regulations (including proposed or temporary regulations) and other Internal Revenue Service guidance promulgated thereunder. 
 (i)      Committee     means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (j)      Company     means Extreme Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, following a Change in Control, a Successor that agrees to assume all of the terms and provisions of this Plan or a Successor which otherwise becomes bound by operation of law to this Plan. 
 (k)      Company Group     means the group consisting of the Company and each present or future parent and subsidiary corporation or other business entity thereof. 
 13 

(l)       Disability      means a Participant s permanent and total disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.  
 (m)      Equity Award     means any Option, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or other stock-based compensation award. 
 (n)      Good Reason     means the occurrence during a Change in Control Period of any of the following conditions without the Participant s informed written consent, which condition(s) remain(s) in effect twenty (20) days after written notice to the Company from the Participant of such condition(s): 
 (1)  a material, adverse change in the Participant s position, duties, substantive functional responsibilities or reporting relationships, causing the Participant s position to be of materially lesser rank or responsibility within the Company or an equivalent business unit of its parent as measured by the position occupied by the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; or 
 (2)  a decrease in the Participant s base salary rate or a decrease in the Participant s target bonus amount (subject to applicable performance requirements with respect to the actual amount of bonus compensation earned by the Participant); or 
 (3)  any failure by the Company Group to (i) continue to provide the Participant with the opportunity to participate, on terms no less favorable than those in effect for the benefit of any employee group which customarily includes a person holding the employment position or a comparable position with the Company Group then held by the Participant, in any benefit or compensation plans and programs, including, but not limited to, the Company Group s life, disability, health, dental, medical, savings, profit sharing, stock purchase and retirement plans, if any, in which the Participant was participating immediately prior to the Change in Control, or their equivalent, or (ii) provide the Participant with all other fringe benefits (or their equivalent) from time to time in effect for the benefit of any employee group which customarily includes a person holding the employment position or a comparable position with the Company Group then held by the Participant; or 
 (4)  the relocation of the Participant s work place for the Company Group to a location that increases the regular commute distance between the Participant s residence and work place by more than thirty (30) miles (one-way), or, following the consummation of a Change in Control, the imposition of business travel requirements substantially more demanding of the Participant than such travel requirements existing immediately prior to the Change in Control; or 
 (5)  any material breach of this Plan by the Company Group with respect to the Participant.   
   The existence of Good Reason shall not be affected by the Participant s temporary incapacity due to physical or mental illness not constituting a Disability.  The Participant s continued employment for a period not exceeding sixty (60) days following the occurrence of any condition constituting Good Reason shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, such condition.  For the purposes of any determination regarding the existence of Good Reason,  
 14 

any claim by the Participant that Good Reason exists shall be presumed to be correct unless the Company establishes to the Board that Good Reason does not exist, and the Board, acti  ng in good faith, affirms such determination by a vote of not less than two-thirds of its entire membership (excluding the Participant if the Participant is a member of the Board).  
 (o)      Incumbent Director     means a director who either (1) is a member of the Board as of the Effective Date, or (2) is elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or nomination, but (3) was not elected or nominated in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors of the Company. 
 (p)      Officer     means an individual who, serves as a vice president of the Company and reports directly to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 (q)      Option     means any option to purchase shares of the capital stock of the Company or of any other member of the Company Group granted to a Participant by the Company or any other Company Group member, whether granted before or after a Change in Control. 
 (r)      Participant     means each individual eligible to participate in the Plan pursuant to Section 3. 
 (s)      Prior Year Bonus     means the aggregate of all bonuses earned by the Participant (whether or not actually paid) under the terms of the programs, plans or agreements providing for such bonuses for the fiscal year of the Company immediately preceding the fiscal year of the Participant s termination of employment. 
 (t)      Release     means a general release of all known and unknown claims against the Company and its affiliates and their stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A  ( General Release of Claims [Age 40 and over]  or  Exhibit B  ( General Release of Claims [Under age 40] ), whichever is applicable to the Participant, with any modifications thereto determined by legal counsel to the Company to be necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law or to accomplish the intent of Section 8 (Exclusive Remedy) hereof. 
 (u)    Release Deadline : means, with respect to the Release attached as Exhibit A, the date which is forty five (45) days following the Participant s Separation from Service.  With respect to the Release attached as Exhibit B, the  Release Deadline  shall be the date which is twenty one (21) days following the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 (v)      Restricted Stock     means any compensatory award of shares of the capital stock of the Company or of any other member of the Company Group granted to a Participant by the Company or any other Company Group member or acquired upon the exercise of an Option, whether such shares are granted or acquired before or after a Change in Control, including any shares issued in exchange for any such shares by a Successor or any other member of the Company Group. 
 15 

(w)       Restricted Stock Units      mean any compensatory award of rights to receive shares of the capital stock or cash in an amount measured by the value of shares of the capital stock of the Company or of any other member of the Company Group at one or more specif  ied future times or upon the satisfaction of one or more specified conditions granted to a Participant by the Company or any other Company Group member, whether such awards are granted before or after a Change in Control, including any such awards granted   in exchange for such awards by a Successor or any other member of the Company Group.  
 (x)      Separation from Service     means a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Code. 
 (y)      Severance Multiplier     means, with respect to any Participant: 
 (1)  If such Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, two (2);  
 (2)  If such Participant is an Officer, one (1.0); and 
 (3)  If such Participant is a Vice President, half (0.5). 
 (z)      Severance Period     shall, with respect to any Participant, commence upon such Participant s termination of employment and end after the lapse of: 
 (1)  If such Participant is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, twenty four (24) months;  
 (2)  If such Participant is an Officer, thirteen (13) months; and 
 (3)  If such Participant is a Vice President, six and a half (6.5) months. 
 (aa)      Specified Employee     means a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the Code. 
 (bb)      Stock Appreciation Right     means any award consisting of the right to receive payment, for each share of the capital stock of the Company or of any other member of the Company Group subject to such award, of an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of such share on the date of exercise of the award over the exercise price for such share granted to a Participant by the Company or any other Company Group member, whether such awards are granted before or after a Change in Control, including any such awards granted in exchange for such awards by a Successor or any other member of the Company Group. 
 (cc)      Successor     means any successor in interest to substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 
 (dd)      Termination Upon a Change in Control     means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (1)  termination by the Company Group of the Participant s employment for any reason other than Cause during the Change in Control Period; or 
 16 

(2)    the Participant s resignation for Good Reason from employment with the Company Group during the Change in Control Period, provided that   such resignation occurs within sixty (60) days following the occurrence of the condition constituting Good Reason;   
  provided ,  however , that Termination Upon a Change in Control shall not include any termination of the Participant s employment which is (i) for Cause, (ii) a result of the Participant s death or Disability, or (iii) a result of the Participant s voluntary termination of employment other than for Good Reason.  For purposes of entitlement to the Severance Benefits described in Section 5.2, to the extent that any amount constituting nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code would become payable under this Plan as a result of a Termination Upon a Change in Control, the amount shall not be paid unless and until the Participant incurs a Separation from Service. 
 (ee)      Vice President     means an individual who is a vice president of the Company and who does not report directly to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
   
 17 

EXHIBIT A  

FORM OF 
   
 GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 [Age 40 and over] 

WEST\20966815.11      
 -18- 

GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS  
 [Age 40 and over] 
   
 This Agreement is by and between [ Employee Name ] ( Employee ) and [ Extreme Networks, Inc. or successor that agrees to assume the Executive Change in Control Severance Plan following a Change in Control ] (the  Company ).  This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after it is signed by Employee (the  Effective Date ), provided that the Company has signed this Agreement and Employee has not revoked this Agreement (by written notice to [ Company Contact Name ] at the Company) prior to that date. 
   
 RECITALS 
 A. Employee was emplo yed by the Company as of ___________, ____. 
   
 B. Employee and the Company entered into an Agreement to Participate in the Extreme Networks, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (such agreement and plan being referred to herein as the  Plan ) eff ective as of __________, ____ wherein Employee is entitled to receive certain benefits in the event of a Termination Upon a Change in Control (as defined by the Plan), provided Employee signs and does not revoke a Release (as defined by the Plan). 
   
 C. A C hange in Control (as defined by the Plan) has occurred as a result of [ briefly describe change in control ] 
   
 D. Employee s employment is being terminated as a result of a Termination Upon a Change in Control.  Employee s last day of work and termination ar e effective as of _______________, ____.  Employee desires to receive the payments and benefits provided by the Plan by executing this Release. 
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
   
 1. Commencing on the Effective Date, the Company shall provide  Employee with the applicable payments and benefits set forth in the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  Employee acknowledges that the payments and benefits made pursuant to this paragraph are made in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the Plan.  Employee further acknowledges that Employee has been paid all wages and accrued, unused vacation that Employee earned during his or her employment with the Company. 
   
   2. Employee and Employee s successors release the Company, its respe ctive subsidiaries, stockholders, investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, legal successors and assigns of and from any and all claims, actions and causes of action, whether now known or unknown, which Employee now has, or at any other time had, or shall or may have against those released parties based upon or arising out of any matter, cause, fact, thing, act or omission whatsoever directly related to Employee s employment by the Company or the termination of such employment and occurring or existing at any time up to and including the Effective Date, including, but not limited to, any claims of breach of written contract, wrongful termination, retaliation, fraud, defamation, infliction of emotional distress, or national origin,  
   
 -19- 

race, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability or other discrimination or harassment under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination In Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Employment and Housing Act or any ot  her applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this release shall not apply to any right of the Employee pursuant to Section 5.4 of the Plan or pursuant to a Prior Indemnity Agreement (as such term is defined by the Plan).  
   
 3. Employee acknowledges t hat he or she has read Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which states in full: 
   
 A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. 
 Employee waives any rights that Employee has or may have under Section 1542 and comparable or similar provisions of the laws of other states in the United States to the full extent that he or she may lawfully waive such rights pertaining to this general release of claims, and affirms that Employee is releasing all known and unknown claims that he or she has or may have against the parties listed above. 
 4. Employee and th e Company acknowledge and agree that they shall continue to be bound by and comply with the terms and obligations under the following agreements: (i) any proprietary rights or confidentiality agreements between the Company and Employee, (ii) the Plan, (iii) any Prior Indemnity Agreement (as such term is defined by the Plan) to which Employee is a party, and (iv) any stock option, stock grant, stock purchase or other equity award agreements between the Company and Employee. 
   
 5. This Agreement shall be bindi ng upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives. 
   
 6. The parties agree that any and all disputes that both (i) arise out of the Plan, the interpretation, validity or enfo rceability of the Plan or the alleged breach thereof and (ii) relate to the enforceability of this Agreement or the interpretation of the terms of this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of Section 12 and Section 13 of the Plan. 
   
 7. The parties  agree that any and all disputes that (i) do not arise out of the Plan, the interpretation, validity or enforceability of the Plan or the alleged breach thereof and (ii) relate to the enforceability of this Agreement, the interpretation of the terms of this Agreement or any of the matters herein released or herein described shall be resolved by means of binding arbitration before a sole arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association in Santa Clara, California.  Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.   The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the losing party its attorneys  fees and costs incurred in any action brought to resolve any such dispute.  
   
   8. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the  parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements, whether  
  -20-  

written or oral, with the exception of any agreements described in paragraph 4 of this Agreement.  This Agreement may not be modified or amended   except by a document signed by an authorized officer of the Company and Employee.  If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable, and the vali  dity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected.  
   
  EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS THAT EMPLOYEE SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EMPLOYEE IS GIVING UP ANY LEGAL CLAIMS EMPLOYEE HAS AGAINST THE PARTIES RELEASED ABOVE BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.  EMPLOYEE FURTHER UNDERSTANDS THAT EMPLOYEE MAY HAVE UP TO 45 DAYS TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT, THAT EMPLOYEE MAY REVOKE IT AT ANY TIME DURING THE 7 DAYS AFTER EMPLOYEE SIGNS IT, AND THAT IT SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE UNTIL THAT 7-DAY PERIOD HAS PASSED.  EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE IS SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT KNOWINGLY, WILLINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY IN EXCHANGE FOR THE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS DESCRIBED IN PARAGRAPH 1.  

Dated:    

[Employee Name]  

Dated:    

[Company] 

By:   

-21-  

EXHIBIT B  

FORM OF 
   
 GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 [Under age 40] 

-22- 

GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS  
 [Under age 40] 
   
 This Agreement is by and between [ Employee Name ] ( Employee ) and [ Extreme Networks, Inc. or successor that agrees to assume the Executive Change in Control Severance Plan following a Change in Control ] (the  Company ).  This Agreement is effective on the day it is signed by Employee (the  Effective Date ). 
   
 RECITALS 
 A. Employee was employed by the Company as of ____________, ____.  
   
 B. Employee and the Company entered into an Agreement to Participate in the Extreme Networks, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan  (such agreement and plan being referred to herein as the  Plan ) effective as of ___________, ____ wherein Employee is entitled to receive certain benefits in the event of a Termination Upon a Change in Control (as defined by the Plan), provided Employee signs a Release (as defined by the Plan). 
   
 C. A Change in Control (as defined by the Plan) has occurred as a result of [  briefly describe change in control ] 
   
 D. Employee s employment is being terminated as a result of a Termination Upon a Change in Control .  Employee s last day of work and termination are effective as of ______________, ____ (the  Termination Date ).  Employee desires to receive the payments and benefits provided by the Plan by executing this Release. 
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
   
 1. Commencing on the Effective Date, the Company shall provide Employee with the applicable payments and benefits set forth in the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  Employee acknowledges that the payments and benefits made pursuant  to this paragraph are made in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the Plan.  Employee further acknowledges that Employee has been paid all wages and accrued, unused vacation that Employee earned during his or her employment with the Company. 
   
   2. Employee and Employee s successors release the Company, its respective subsidiaries, stockholders, investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, legal successors and assigns of and from any and all claims, actions and caus es of action, whether now known or unknown, which Employee now has, or at any other time had, or shall or may have against those released parties based upon or arising out of any matter, cause, fact, thing, act or omission whatsoever directly related to Employee s employment by the Company or the termination of such employment and occurring or existing at any time up to and including the Termination Date, including, but not limited to, any claims of breach of written contract, wrongful termination, retaliation, fraud, defamation, infliction of emotional distress, or national origin, race, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability or other discrimination or harassment under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination In Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Employment and Housing Act or any other applicable  
 -23- 

law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this release shall not apply to any right of the Employee pursuant to Sections 5.4 of the Plan or pursuant to a Prior Indemnity A  greement (as such terms are defined by the Plan).  
   
 3. Employee acknowledges that he or she has read Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which states in full:  
   
 A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. 
 Employee waives any rights that Employee has or may have under Section 1542 and comparable or similar provisions of the laws of other states in the United States to the full extent that he or she may lawfully waive such rights pertaining to this general release of claims, and affirms that Employee is releasing all known and unknown claims that he or she has or may have against the parties listed above. 
 4. Employee and the Company acknowledge and agree that they shall continue to be bound by and comply with the terms and his obligations under the following agreements: (i) any proprietary rights or conf identiality agreements between the Company and Employee, (ii) the Plan, (iii) any Prior Indemnity Agreement (as such term is defined by the Plan) to which Employee is a party, and (iv) any stock option, stock grant, stock purchase or other equity award agreements between the Company and Employee. 
   
 5. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives.  
   
 6. The parties agree that any and all  disputes that both (i) arise out of the Plan, the interpretation, validity or enforceability of the Plan or the alleged breach thereof and (ii) relate to the enforceability of this Agreement or the interpretation of the terms of this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of Section 12 and Section 13 of the Plan. 
   
 7. The parties agree that any and all disputes that (i) do not arise out of the Plan, the interpretation, validity or enforceability of the Plan or the alleged breach thereof and (ii) relat e to the enforceability of this Agreement, the interpretation of the terms of this Agreement or any of the matters herein released or herein described shall be resolved by means of binding arbitration before a sole arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association in Santa Clara, California.  Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.   The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the losing party its attorneys  fees and costs incurred in any action brought to resolve any such dispute.  
   
   8. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements, whether written or oral, with the exception of any agreements describe d in paragraph 4 of this Agreement.  This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a document signed by an authorized officer of the Company and Employee.  If any provision of this Agreement is  
 -24- 

deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provi  sion shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected.  
   
  EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS THAT EMPLOYEE SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EMPLOYEE IS GIVING UP ANY LEGAL CLAIMS EMPLOYEE HAS AGAINST THE PARTIES RELEASED ABOVE BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.  EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE IS SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT KNOWINGLY, WILLINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY IN EXCHANGE FOR THE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS DESCRIBED IN PARAGRAPH 1.  

Dated:    

[Employee Name]  

Dated:    

[Company] 

By:   

-25- 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 extr-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

extr-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF EDWARD B. MEYERCORD III 
 AS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Edward B. Meyercord III, certify that: 

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Extreme Networks, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:   
 
  November 2, 2016  
 
 /s/ EDWARD B. MEYERCORD III  

Edward B. Meyercord III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 extr-ex312_11.htm
 EX-31.2

extr-ex312_11.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF B. DREW DAVIES 
 AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Drew Davies, certify that: 

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Extreme Networks, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  
 
  November 2, 2016  
 
 /s/ B. DREW DAVIES  

B. Drew Davies  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 extr-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

extr-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF EDWARD B. MEYERCORD III AS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Extreme Networks, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date specified below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)   
 
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

/s/ EDWARD B. MEYERCORD III  

Edward B. Meyercord III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 extr-ex322_12.htm
 EX-32.2

extr-ex322_12.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF B. DREW DAVIES AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Extreme Networks, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date specified below, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)   
 
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

/s/ B. DREW DAVIES  

B. Drew Davies  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer)  

November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 extr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 extr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 extr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 extr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 extr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 extr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

