<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1284450_0001213900-16-018382_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2752638</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110048</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>206589</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>748791</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>947194</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>684162</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018382.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114134100
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001284450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		IRS NUMBER:				980550699
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-114564
		FILM NUMBER:		161993307

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O XINGHE XINGYONG CARBON CO., LTD.
		STREET 2:		787 XICHENG WAI, CHENGGUANTOWN
		CITY:			XINGHE COUNTY, INNER MONGOLIA,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 389-1625

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O XINGHE XINGYONG CARBON CO., LTD.
		STREET 2:		787 XICHENG WAI, CHENGGUANTOWN
		CITY:			XINGHE COUNTY, INNER MONGOLIA,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA CARBON GRAPHITE GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACHIEVERS MAGAZINE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040322

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018382.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_chinacarbongraph.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from _______________ to _______________  

Commission
File Number: 333-114564  

CHINA
CARBON GRAPHITE GROUP, INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada  
         
      98-0550699   
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        of organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer  
          Identification
        No.)    

20955
Pathfinder Road, Suite 200   

   Diamond
Bar, CA 91765   

  (Address
of principal executive offices, zip code)  

(909)
843-6518   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

(Do
    not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes       No

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of November
14, 2016, there were 33,670,518 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  

CHINA
CARBON GRAPHITE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   FORM
10-Q   

   September
30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page  No.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.    
     Financial Statements:    
     1  
 
     Item 2.    
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
     22  
 
     Item 3.    
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
     36  
 
     Item 4.    
     Controls and Procedures    
     36  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    
     Legal Proceedings    
     37  
 
     Item 1A.    
     Risk Factors    

Item 2.    
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
     37  
 
     Item 3.    
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
     38  
 
     Item 4.    
     Mine Safety Disclosures    
     38  
 
     Item 5.    
     Other Information    
     38  
 
     Item 6.    
     Exhibits    
     38  

Signatures    
     39  

PART
1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.   
       Financial
    Statements.    

The
following unaudited interim financial statements of China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. (referred to herein as the  Company, 
 we,   us  or  our ) are included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q:  

China
Carbon Graphite Group, Inc.   

September
30, 2016 and 2015   

Index
to the Consolidated Financial Statements   

China
Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. and subsidiaries   

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

China
Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. and subsidiaries   

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   

   For
the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

China
Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. and subsidiaries   

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.   

China
Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. and subsidiaries   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

   September
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

(1)
Organization and Business   

China
Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. (the  Company ), through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the manufacture and sales of
graphene and graphene oxide and graphite bipolar plates in the People s Republic of China ( China  or the  PRC ).
We also operate a business-to-business and business-to-consumers Internet portal (www.roycarbon.com) for graphite related products.
Vendors can sell raw materials, industrial commodities and consumer (household) commodities to both business and consumers through
the website by paying a fee for each transaction conducted through the website.  

The
Company was incorporated on February 13, 2003 in Nevada under the name Achievers Magazine Inc. In connection with the reverse
merger transaction described below, the Company s corporate name was changed to China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. on January
30, 2008.  

The
consolidated financial statements presented herein consolidate the financial statements of China Carbon Graphite, Inc. with the
financial statements of its subsidiaries, Golden Ivy Limited, Royal Elite International Limited, Royal Elite New Energy Science
and Technology (ShangHai) Co., Ltd., Talent International Investment Limited, and Xinghe Yongle Carbon Co., Ltd.  

Organizational
Structure Chart  

The
following chart sets forth our organizational structure:  

Liquidity
and Working Capital Deficit    

As
of September 30, 2016 and as of December 31, 2015, the Company managed to operate its business with a negative working capital.  

The
Company Law of the PRC applicable to Chinese companies provides that net after tax income should be allocated by the following
rules:  

1.  
      10%
    of after tax income to be allocated to a statutory surplus reserve until the reserve amounts to 50% of the company s
    registered capital.   

2.  
      If
    the cumulative balance of statutory surplus reserve is not enough to make up the Company s cumulative prior years 
    losses, the current year s after tax income should be first used to make up the losses before the statutory surplus
    reverse is drawn.   

3.  
      Allocation
    can be made to the discretionary surplus reserve, if such a reserve is approved at the meeting of the equity owners.   

Therefore,
the Company is required to maintain a statutory reserve in China that limits any equity distributions to its shareholders. The
maximum amount of the shareholders has not been reached. The Company has never distributed earnings to shareholders and has no
intentions to do so.  

(2)
Going Concern   

The
Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. As of and for the period ended September 30, 2016, the Company has incurred operating losses and
working capital deficit. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate
capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be
forced to cease operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  

Management s
Plan to Continue as a Going Concern   

In
order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s
plans to obtain such resources for the Company include (1) obtaining capital from the sale of its equity securities, (2) sales
of its products, and (3) short-term or long-term borrowings from banks, stockholders or other party(ies) when needed. However,
management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The Company plans
to look for opportunities to merge with other companies in the graphite industry.  

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described
in the preceding paragraph and eventually to secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. 

(3)
Basis for Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements   

Management
acknowledges its responsibility for the preparation of the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements which reflect
all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary in its opinion for a fair statement of its consolidated
financial position and the results of its operations for the interim period presented. These consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the summary of significant accounting policies and notes to consolidated financial statements
included in the Company s Form 10-K annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015. The consolidated balance sheet as
of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements. The results of the nine months ended September 30,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.  

The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements for China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and variable
interest entity, have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X.  

The
Company maintains its books and accounting records in Renminbi ( RMB ), but its reporting currency is U.S. dollars.  

The
financial statements have been prepared in order to present the financial position and results of operations of the Company and
its subsidiaries whose financial condition consolidated with the Company pursuant to ASC Topic 810-10, Consolidation, in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  

(4)
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described
in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes.  

Use
of estimates    

The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. Some of the significant
estimates include values and lives assigned to acquired property, equipment and intangible assets, reserves for customer returns
and allowances, uncollectible accounts receivable, slow moving, obsolete and/or damaged inventory and stock warrant valuation.
Actual results may differ from these estimates.  

Cash
and cash equivalents    

The
Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with maturity periods of six months or less to be cash equivalents.
The carrying amounts reported in the accompanying balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair value. Substantially
all of the Company s cash is held in bank accounts in the PRC and is not protected by FDIC insurance or any other similar
insurance. The Company s bank account in the United States is protected by FDIC insurance.  

Accounts
receivable    

Trade
receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An allowance
for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.
Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance
for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection trends and aging of receivables. Management also periodically
evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to make adjustments
in the allowance when it is considered necessary.  

Inventory    

Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchases, costs of conversion and other
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The costs of conversion of inventories include
fixed and variable production overhead, taking into account the stage of completion. Cost is determined using the weighted average
method. Market value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs necessary
to complete the sale. The Company periodically reviews historical sales activity to determine excess, slow moving items and potentially
obsolete items and also evaluates the impact of any anticipated changes in future demand. The Company provides inventory allowances
based on excess and obsolete inventories determined principally by customer demand. Impairment of inventories is recorded in cost
of goods sold.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has not made provision for inventory in regards to slow moving
or obsolete items.  

Goodwill    

The
Company periodically reviews the carrying value of intangible assets not subject to amortization, including goodwill, to determine
whether impairment may exist. Goodwill and certain intangible assets are assessed annually, or when certain triggering events
occur, for impairment using fair value measurement techniques. These events could include a significant change in the business
climate, legal factors, a decline in operating performance, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business,
or other factors. Specifically, goodwill impairment is determined using a two-step process. The first step of the goodwill impairment
test is used to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including
goodwill. The Company recorded an impairment expense of $0 and $494,540 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  

Property
and equipment    

Property
and equipment is stated at the historical cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation on property and equipment is provided
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets for both financial and income tax reporting purposes
as follows:  

Machinery and equipment       
           5
                                         years        
 
      Motor vehicle       
           5
                                         years        

Expenditures
for renewals and betterments are capitalized while repairs and maintenance costs are normally charged to the statement of operations
in the year in which they are incurred. In situations where it can be clearly demonstrated that the expenditure has resulted in
an increase in the future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of the asset, the expenditure is capitalized
as an additional cost of the asset.  

Upon
sale or disposal of an asset, the historical cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization of such asset were removed
from their respective accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the statements of income.  

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use
and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment
loss is recognized equal to an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by
management in performing this assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property
is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, no impairment
expenses for property, plant, and equipment was recorded in operating expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015.  

Stock-based
compensation    

Stock-based
compensation includes (i) common stock awards granted to employees and directors for services which are accounted for under FASB
ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation  and (ii) common stock awards granted to consultants which are accounted
for under FASB ASC 505-50, Equity Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.  

All
grants of common stock awards and stock options to employees and directors are recognized in the financial statements based on
their grant date fair values. The Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all
common stock awards and stock options granted with service conditions that have a graded vesting schedule, with a corresponding
charge to additional paid-in capital.  

Common
stock awards are granted to directors for services provided. The vested portions of common stock awards granted but not yet issued
are recorded in common stock to be issued.  

Common
stock awards issued to consultants represent common stock granted to non-employees in exchange for services at fair value. The
measurement dates for such awards are set at the dates that the contracts are entered into as the awards are non-forfeitable and
vest immediately. The measurement date fair value is then recognized over the service period as if the Company has paid cash for
such service.  

The
Company estimates fair value of common stock awards based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant.  

Foreign
currency translation    

The
reporting currency of the Company is U.S. dollars. The Company uses RMB as its functional currency. The results of operations
and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, and assets and liabilities are translated at the unified
exchange rates at the balance sheet dates, and equity is translated at the historical exchange rates. As a result, amounts related
to assets and liabilities reported on the statements of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding
accounts on the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive
income in the statements of stockholders  equity. Translation adjustments for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 were $869 and $(34,912), respectively. Translation adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were $5,736 and $(34,011), respectively. The cumulative translation adjustment and effect of exchange rate changes on cash for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $(992) and $(589), respectively. Transaction gains and losses that arise
from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the
results of operations as incurred.  

Assets
and liabilities were translated at 6.67 RMB and 6.48 RMB to $1.00 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The
equity accounts were stated at their historical rates. The average translation rates applied to income statements for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 6.58 RMB and 6.25 RMB to $1.00, respectively. Cash flows are also translated at
average translation rates for the period; therefore, amounts reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree
with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet.  

Revenue
recognition    

We
recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 605-25, Revenue Recognition, which states that revenue should be recognized when the
following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) the service has been rendered; (3) the selling
price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Sales represent the invoiced
value of goods, net of value added tax ( VAT ), if any, and are recognized upon delivery of goods and passage of title.  

In
accordance with ASC 605-25, the Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, transfer of title
has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

The
Company derives revenues from the manufacturing and distribution of graphite based products. The Company recognizes its revenues
net of VAT. The Company is subject to VAT, which is levied on a majority of the products, at a rate ranging from 13% to 17% on
the invoiced value of sales. Output VAT is borne by customers in addition to the invoiced value of sales and input VAT is borne
by the Company in addition to the invoiced value of purchases to the extent not refunded for export sales.  

The
Company recognizes revenue upon receipt of the delivery confirmation provided by the customer or distributor. The Company does
not provide chargeback or price protection rights to the distributors. The distributor only places purchase orders with the Company
once it has confirmed the sale with a third party because this is a specialized business, which dictates that the Company will
not manufacture the products until the purchase order is received. The Company allows its customers to return products only if
its products are later determined by the Company to be defective. Based on the Company s historical experience, product
returns have been insignificant throughout all of its product lines. Therefore, the Company does not estimate deductions or allowances
for sales returns. If sales returns occur, they are taken against revenue when products are returned from customers. Sales are
presented net of any discounts given to customers. Interest income is recognized when earned. The Company experienced no returns
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Cost
of goods sold    

Cost
of goods sold consists primarily of the costs of products.  

Shipping
and handling costs    

The
Company follows ASC 605-45, Handling Costs, and Shipping Costs, formerly known as Emerging Issues Task Force No. 00-10, Accounting
for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs. The Company classifies shipping and handling costs paid on behalf of its customers in
selling expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, shipping and handling costs were $707 and $4,827, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, shipping and handling costs were $7,672 and $11,118, respectively.   

Segment
reporting    

ASC
280, Segment Reporting, formerly known as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, Disclosure about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information, requires use of the  management approach  model for segment reporting. Under this
model, segment reporting is consistent with the manner that the Company s management organizes segments within the company
for making operating decisions and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal
structure, management structure or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company.  

Because
the Company sells only carbon graphite products to Chinese distributors and end users, it has only one business segment.  

Taxation    

Taxation
on profits earned in the PRC has been calculated based on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
prevailing in the PRC after taking into account the benefits from any special tax credits or  tax holidays  allowed
in the county of operations.  

The
Company does not accrue U.S. income tax since it has no operations in the United States. Its operating subsidiaries are organized
and located in the PRC and do not conduct any business in the United States.  

In
2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASC, 740 Income Tax, formerly known as FIN 48, which
clarifies the application of SFAS 109 by defining a criterion that an individual income tax position must meet for any part of
the benefit of that position to be recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and provides guidance on measurement,
recognition, classification, accounting for interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition.
In accordance with the transition provisions, the Company adopted FIN 48 effective January 1, 2007.  

The
Company recognizes that virtually all tax positions in the PRC are not free from some degree of uncertainty due to tax law and
policy changes by the state. The Company cannot reasonably quantify political risk factors and thus must depend on guidance issued
by current government officials.  

Based
on all known facts and circumstances and current tax law, the Company believes that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits
as of September 30, 2016 is not material to its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company also believes
that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016, if recognized, would not have a material effect on
its effective tax rate. The Company further believes that there are no tax positions for which it is reasonably possible, based
on current Chinese tax law and policy, that the unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease over the next
twelve months producing, individually or in the aggregate, a material effect on the Company s results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows.  

Enterprise
income tax    

The
enterprise income tax is calculated on the basis of the statutory profit as defined in the PRC tax laws. This statutory profit
is computed differently than the Company s net income under U.S. GAAP.  

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets, including tax loss and
credit carry forwards, and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of deferred tax assets and liabilities from
a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax expense represents
the change during the period in the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. The components of the deferred tax assets
and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on their characteristics. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

Value
added tax    

The
Provisional Regulations of the PRC Concerning Value Added Tax promulgated by the State Council came into effect on January 1,
1994. Under these regulations and the Implementing Rules of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC Concerning Value Added Tax,
value added tax ( VAT ) is imposed on goods sold in or imported into the PRC and on processing, repair and replacement
services provided within the PRC.   

VAT
payable in the PRC is charged on an aggregated basis at a rate of 13% or 17% (depending on the type of goods involved) on the
full price collected for the goods sold or, in the case of taxable services provided, at a rate of 17% on the charges for the
taxable services provided, but excluding, in respect of both goods and services, any amount paid in respect of VAT included in
the price or charges, and less any deductible value added tax already paid by the taxpayer on purchases of goods and services
in the same financial year. VAT payable is included in prepaid expenses of $0 and is included in prepaid expenses of $211 as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Contingent
liabilities and contingent assets    

A
contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Company. It can also be a present
obligation arising from past events that is not recognized because it is not probable that the Company will incur a liability
or obligations as a result. A contingent liability, which might occur but is not probable, is not recorded but is disclosed in
the notes to the financial statements. The Company will recognize a liability or obligation when it is probable that the Company
will incur such liability or obligation.  

A
contingent asset is an asset, which could possibly arise from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control of the Company. Contingent assets are not recorded
but are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when it is likely that the Company will recognize an economic benefit.
When the benefit is virtually certain, the asset is recognized.  

Retirement
benefit costs    

According
to PRC regulations on pensions, the Company contributes to a defined contribution retirement program organized by the municipal
government in the province in which the Company is registered and all qualified employees are eligible to participate in the program.
Contributions to the program are calculated at 23.5% of the employees  salaries above a fixed threshold amount and the employees
contribute 2% to 8% while the Company contributes the remaining 15.5% to 21.5%. The Company has no other material obligation for
the payment of retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions under this program.  

Fair
value of financial instruments    

The
Company has adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It does not require any new fair value
measurements, but provides guidance on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify the source
of the information. It establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy of valuation techniques based on observable and unobservable
inputs, which may be used to measure fair value and include the following:  

Level
    1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level
    2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs
    that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
    instruments.   

Level
    3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.   

The
carrying amount of other receivables, advance to vendors, advances from customers, other payables, accrued liabilities and short-term
loans are reasonable estimates of their fair value because of the short-term nature of these items.  

Earnings
(loss) per share    

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities
outstanding during each period. Potentially dilutive shares of common stock consist of the common stock issuable upon the conversion
of convertible debt, preferred stock and warrants. The Company uses if-converted method to calculate the dilutive preferred stock
and treasury stock method to calculate the dilutive shares issuable upon exercise of warrants.  

The
following table sets forth the computation of the number of net income per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015:  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company excluded 300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of preferred
stock, because such issuance would be anti-dilutive.  

The
following table sets forth the computation of the number of net income per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015:  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company excluded 300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of preferred
stock, because such issuance would be anti-dilutive.  

Accumulated
other comprehensive income    

The
Company follows ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, formerly known as SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive Income, to recognize the
elements of comprehensive income. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders 
equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders. For the
Company, comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included net income and foreign currency translation
adjustments.  

Related
parties    

Parties
are considered to be related to the Company if the parties that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control,
are controlled by, or are under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company,
its management, members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with
which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other
to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. Transactions
with related parties are disclosed in the financial statements.  

Recent
accounting pronouncements    

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption
of any such pronouncements will have a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.  

In
April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment
(Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity . The amendments
in the ASU change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses
sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP.
Under the new guidance, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations.
In addition, the new guidance requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement
users with more information about the assets, liabilities, income, and expenses of discontinued operations. The amendments in
the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This ASU affects any entity
that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of non-financial
assets. This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific
guidance. The ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type
Contracts. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchanged
for those goods or services. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15    Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU
2014-15 ).   

In
connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should
evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the   financial statements are issued   (or
within one year after the date that the   financial statements are available to be issued   when applicable).
Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the
date that the  financial statements are issued   (or at the date that the   financial statements
are available to be issued   when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a
going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity
will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued). The term   probable   is used consistently with its use in Topic 450, Contingencies.  

When
management identifies conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern, management should consider whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate
the substantial doubt. The mitigating effect of management s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is
probable that the plans will be effectively implemented and, if so, (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions
or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  

If
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial
doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables
users of the financial statements to understand all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the
footnotes):  

a.  
      Principal
    conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before
    consideration of management s plans)   

b.  
      Management s
    evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  
      Management s
    plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.   

If
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and substantial doubt
is not alleviated after consideration of management s plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating
that there is  substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern   within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should
disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following:  

a.  
      Principal
    conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern   

b.  
      Management s
    evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  
      Management s
    plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability
    to continue as a going concern.   

The
amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim
periods thereafter. Early application is permitted.  

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

(5)
Concentration of Business and Credit Risk   

Most
of the Company s bank accounts are in banks located in the PRC and are not covered by any type of protection similar to
that provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) on funds held in U.S. banks. The Company s
bank account in the United States is covered by FDIC insurance.  

Because
the Company s operations are located in the PRC, this may give rise to significant foreign currency risks due to fluctuations
in and the volatility of foreign exchange rates between U.S. dollars and RMB.  

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash, trade accounts receivables
and inventories, the balances of which are stated on the balance sheet. The Company places its cash in banks located in China.
Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivables is limited due to the diversity of the Company s
customers who are located in different regions of China. The Company does not require collateral or other security to support
financial instruments subject to credit risk.  

Sales
to certain customers generated over 10% of the Company s total net sales. Sales to Jinko Solar Technology SDN. BHD, for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately 37% of the Company s net sales. Sales to Honglang Carbon Industry
Co., Ltd for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately 38% of the Company s net sales. Sales to Nurol
Teknoloji Sanayi Ve Madenci for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately 15% of the Company s net sales.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, three suppliers accounted for approximately 95% of total purchases.  

(6)
Inventories   

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, inventories consisted of the following:  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has not made provision for inventory in regards to slow moving
or obsolete items. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not record any provision for inventory in regards
to slow moving or obsolete items.  

(7)
Property and Equipment, net    

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, property, plant and equipment consisted of the following:  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, depreciation expenses amounted to $2,139 and $2,223, respectively. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, depreciation expenses amounted to $6,478 and $6,715, respectively.  

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual
disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized
equal to an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing
this assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects
of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, no impairment expenses for property,
plant, and equipment was recorded in operating expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(8)
Stockholders  deficit   

Restated
Articles of Incorporation    

On
January 22, 2008, the Company changed its authorized capital stock to 120,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 20,000,000
shares are shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares are shares of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share. The restated articles of incorporation authorizes the board of directors of the Company to issue one or more
series of preferred stock and to designate the rights, preferences, privileges and limitation of the holders of such preferred
stock. The board of directors has authorized the issuance of two series of preferred stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
( Series A Preferred Stock ) and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series B Preferred Stock ).  

Issuance
of Common Stock    

(a)   Stock
Issuances For Compensation   

On
March 8, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 200,000 shares of common stock to four directors as compensation for services
provided in 2015. The issuance of these shares was recorded at fair market value at $0.03 per share.  

On
March 8, 2016, the Company issued 64,000 shares of common stock to the CEO and VP of Finance. The issuance of these shares was
recorded at grant date fair market value in 2016.  

(b)   Shares
Held in Escrow   

In
a private placement that closed on December 22, 2009 and January 13, 2010, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,480,500 shares of
Series B Preferred Stock and five-year warrants to purchase 992,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.30 per share,
for an aggregate purchase price of $2,976,600. The Company also paid the private placement agent an aggregate of $298,000 and
issued five-year warrants to purchase 124,025 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.32 per share. In connection with
the private placement and pursuant to the transaction agreements, the Company deposited into escrow an aggregate of 1,240,250
shares of common stock, which are to be held in escrow to be returned to the Company or delivered to the investors, depending
on whether the Company meets certain financial performance targets for the years ending December 31, 2010 and 2011.  

The
Company did not meet the financial targets. The number of Escrow Shares payable to each Investor shall be equal to a fraction
of the total number of Escrow Shares potentially issuable pursuant to the terms hereof, the numerator of which shall be the amount
by which (i) the number of Conversion Shares issued or issuable upon Preferred Shares which was initially issued to the Investor
exceeds (ii) the sum of (x) the number of Conversion Shares sold or otherwise transferred by the Investor plus (y) the number
of shares of Conversion Shares issued or issuable sold or otherwise transferred by the Investor, and the denominator of which
is the number of Conversion Shares issued or issuable by the Company in the Offering. Any Escrow Shares for either Fiscal Year
2011 or Fiscal Year 2010 which are not transferred to the Investors pursuant to this paragraph shall be returned to the Company
for cancellation. As of September 30, 2016, no Escrow Shares have been transferred to investors or returned to the Company.   

(9)
Related Parties   

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $142,877 and $147,083 are due to Mr. Donghai Yu, who is CEO of the Company. These
amounts are advances made to the Company by unrelated parties through Mr. Donghai Yu for business operating purposes. The advances
are interest free.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $488,105 and $487,529 are the salary owed to Mr. Donghai Yu, who is CEO
of the Company. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $45,000 and $45,000 are the salary owed to Mr. Grace
King, who is VP finance of the Company.   

( 10)
Other Payable   

Other
payable amounted $1,248,603 and $1,013,994 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Other payable
are money borrowed from unrelated parties for operating purpose. These payable are without collateral, interest free, and due
on demand.  

(11) Lease
Commitment   

Our
principal executive office is located in US. The Company leased its corporate address month to month for an annual fee of $1,440.  

Royal
Shanghai leased an office space in China, the lease term ends on March 31, 2017. The monthly rent is approximately $2,917 (RMB
18,329).  

Item
    2.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

This
quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other reports filed by China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc. ( we,   us, 
 our,  or the  Company ) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
contain or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the  Filings ) and information that are based upon
beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by
Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only
predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the filings, the words  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   future,   intend,   plan,  or the negative
of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
assumptions, and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned.   

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.   

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments,
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments,
and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.   

Overview   

We
are engaged in the manufacturing of graphene, graphene oxide and graphite bipolar plates products in the PRC. We also operate
a business-to-business and business-to-consumers Internet portal (www.roycarbon.com) for graphite related products. Vendors can
sell raw materials, industrial commodities and consumer (household) commodities to both business and consumers through the website
by paying a fee for each transaction conducted through the website.  

As
of and for the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has incurred operating losses. The ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes
profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. In order to continue
as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plans to
obtain such resources for the Company include (1) obtaining capital from the sale of its equity securities, (2) sales of its products,
and (3) short-term or long-term borrowings from banks, stockholders or other party(ies) when needed. However, management cannot
provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The Company plans to look for opportunities
to merge with or acquire other graphite companies.  

PRC
regulations grant broad powers to the government to adjust the price of raw materials and manufactured products.  Although
the government has not imposed price controls on our raw materials or our products, it is possible that price controls may be
implemented in the future, thereby affecting our results of operations and financial condition.  

Results
of Operations   

Comparison
of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

Sales.   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had sales of $171,582, compared to sales of $117,572 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, an increase of $54,010, or approximately 45.94%. Significant sales increase was mainly attributable to the
increase in demand for products among consumers in the market.  

Cost
of goods sold.   

Our
cost of goods sold consists of the purchase cost.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of goods
sold was $142,887, compared to $70,149 for the cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of
$72,738 or approximately 103.69%. The increase in the cost of sales was primarily attributable to the significant increase
in sales volume.  

Gross
profit.   

Our
gross profit decreased from $47,423 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $28,695 for the three months ended September
30, 2016. The decrease of the gross profit is mainly attributed to the increase of cost of goods sold comparing to the increase
of sales.  

Gross
profit Margin.   

Our
gross profit margin decreased from 40.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 16.7% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 because the Company are selling much lower margin products during the three month ended September 30, 2016, compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Operating
expenses.   

Operating
expenses totaled $109,820 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $593,237 for the three months ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of $483,417, or approximately 81.49%. The decrease is mainly attributed to the decrease in general and administrative
expenses and selling expenses. The Company recorded an impairment expense of $0 and $494,540 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses .  

Selling
expenses decreased from $9,131 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $5,222 for the three months ended September 30,
2016, a decrease of $3,909, or 42.81%. The decrease is mainly attributed to decreased payroll expenses because the Company has
less staff to meet the development demand.    

Our
general and administrative expenses consist of salaries, office expenses, utilities, business travel, amortization expenses, public
company expenses (including legal expenses, accounting expenses and investor relations expenses) and stock compensation. General
and administrative expenses were $104,598 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $584,106 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $479,508 or 82.09%. The decrease of general and administrative expenses are
mainly due to the write off of goodwill $494,540 in expense in 2015.  

Loss
from operations.   

As a result of the factors described above,
operating loss was $81,125 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to operating loss of $545,814 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of approximately $464,689, or 85.14%.  

Other
income and expenses.   

Our interest
expense was $224 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $731 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Rental
income of $17,748 and $21,355 were recorded as other income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Income
tax.   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not incur any income tax due for these periods.   

Net
loss.   

As
a result of the factors described above, our net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $63,601, compared to net
loss of $525,190 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $461,589, or 87.89%.  

Foreign
currency translation.   

Our
consolidated financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars but the functional currency of our operating subsidiary is RMB.
Results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are translated
at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments
resulting from the process of translating the financial statements denominated in RMB into U.S. dollars are included in determining
comprehensive income. Our foreign currency translation gain for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $869, compared a
translation loss of $34,912 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $35,781.  

Net
loss available to common stockholders.   

Net
loss available to our common stockholders was $63,601, or $(0.00) per share (basic and diluted), for the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to net loss of $525,190, or net loss of $(0.02) per share (basic and diluted), for the three months ended September
30, 2015.  

Comparison
of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Sales.   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had sales of $574,522, compared to sales of $146,408 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $428,114, or approximately 292.41%. Significant sales increase was mainly attributable to the increase
in demand for products among consumers in the market.  

Cost
of goods sold.   

Our
cost of goods sold consists of the purchase cost.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of goods
sold was $474,477, compared to $80,626 for the cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of
$393,851 or approximately 488.49%. The increase in the cost of sales was primarily attributable to the significant increase
in sales volume.  

Gross
profit.   

Our
gross profit increased from $65,782 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $100,045 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. The increase of the gross profit is mainly attributed to the increase in sales.  

Gross
profit Margin.   

Our
gross profit margin decreased from 44.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 17.4% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 because the Company are selling much lower margin products during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period 2015.  

Operating
expenses.   

Operating
expenses totaled $322,660 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $801,118 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of $478,458, or approximately 59.72%. The decrease is mainly attributed to the decrease in general and administrative
expenses and selling expenses.  The Company recorded an impairment expense of $0 and $494,540 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses.   

Selling expenses decreased from $19,591 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 to $18,212 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $1,379, or 7.04%. The decrease
is mainly attributed to decreased payroll expenses because the Company has less staff to meet the development demand.  

Our
general and administrative expenses consist of salaries, office expenses, utilities, business travel, amortization expenses, public
company expenses (including legal expenses, accounting expenses and investor relations expenses) and stock compensation. General
and administrative expenses were $304,448 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $781,527 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $477,079 or 61.04%. The decrease of general and administrative expenses is mainly
due to the write off of goodwill $494,540 in expense in 2015.  

Loss
from operations.   

As
a result of the factors described above, operating loss was $222,615 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
operating loss of $735,336 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of approximately $512,721, or 69.73%.  

Other
income and expenses.   

Our
interest expense was $560 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,707 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015.  

Rental
income of $57,662 and $59,787 were recorded as other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

Income
tax.   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not incur any income tax due for these periods.   

Net
loss.   

As
a result of the factors described above, our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $165,513, compared to net
loss of $677,256 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $511,743, or 75.56%.  

Foreign
currency translation.   

Our
consolidated financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars but the functional currency of our operating subsidiary is RMB.
Results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are translated
at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments
resulting from the process of translating the financial statements denominated in RMB into U.S. dollars are included in determining
comprehensive income. Our foreign currency translation gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $5,736, compared
a translation loss of $34,011 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $39,747.  

Net
loss available to common stockholders.   

Net
loss available to our common stockholders was $165,513, or $(0.00) per share (basic and diluted), for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to net loss of $677,256, or net loss of $(0.02) per share (basic and diluted), for the nine months ended September
30, 2015.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Comparison
of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

All
of our business operations are carried out by Royal Shanghai, and all of the cash generated by our operations has been held by
that entity. In order to transfer such cash to our parent entity, China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc., which is a Nevada corporation,
we would need to rely on dividends, loans or advances made by our PRC subsidiaries. Such transfers may be subject to certain regulations
or risks. To date, our parent entity has paid its expenses by raising capital through private placement transactions. In the future,
in the event that our parent entity is unable to raise needed funds from private investors, Royal Shanghai would have to transfer
funds to our parent entity through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Royal Hongkong and BVI. Co,  

PRC
regulations relating to statutory reserves and currency conversion would impact our ability to transfer cash within our corporate
structure. The Company Law of the PRC applicable to Chinese companies provides that net after tax income should be allocated by
the following rules:  

1.  
      10%
    of after tax income to be allocated to a statutory surplus reserve until the reserve amounts to 50% of the company s
    registered capital.   

2.  
      If
    the accumulate balance of statutory surplus reserve is not enough to make up the Company s cumulative prior years 
    losses, the current year s after tax income should be first used to make up the losses before the statutory surplus
    reverse is drawn.   

3.  
      Allocation
    can be made to the discretionary surplus reserve, if such a reserve is approved at the meeting of the equity owners.   

Therefore,
the Company is required to maintain a statutory reserve in China that limits any equity distributions to its shareholders. The
maximum amount of the shareholders has not been reached. The company has never distributed earnings to shareholders and has consistently
stated in the Company s filings it has no intentions to do so.  

The
RMB cannot be freely exchanged into the Dollars. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) administers
foreign exchange dealings and requires that they be conducted though designated financial institutions. Foreign Investment Enterprises,
such as Royal Shanghai, may purchase foreign currency from designated financial institutions in connection with current account
transactions, including profit repatriation.  

These
factors will limit the amount of funds that we can transfer from Royal Shanghai to our parent entity and may delay any such transfer.
In addition, upon repatriation of earnings of Royal Shanghai to the United States, those earnings may become subject to United
States federal and state income taxes. We have not accrued any U.S. federal or state tax liability on the undistributed earnings
of our foreign subsidiary because those funds are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in our international operations. Accordingly,
taxes imposed upon repatriation of those earnings to the U.S. would reduce the net worth of the Company.  

Our
primary capital needs have been to fund our working capital requirements. Our primary sources of financing will be cash generated
from loans from banks, equity investment from investors, and borrowings from unrelated parties.  

The
Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. As of and for the period ended September 30, 2016, the Company has incurred operating losses and
working capital deficit from operating activities. The Company s sales revenue is not sufficient to cover the company s
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating
losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.
At this point, there can be no assurance that the Company is able to obtain such funding.  

Our
long-term goal is to develop our Royal Shanghai business. During the interim, we expect that anticipated cash flows from
future operations, loans and equity investment from unrelated or related parties, provided that:  

we
    generate sufficient business so that we are able to generate substantial profits, which cannot be assured;   

we
    are able to generate savings by improving the efficiency of our operations.   

We
may require additional equity, debt or bank funding to finance acquisitions or to allow us to develop our Royal Shanghai business,
which is one of our primary growth strategies.  We can provide no assurances that we will be able to enter into any
additional financing agreements on terms favorable to us, if at all, especially considering the current global instability of
the capital markets.  

At
September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $34,018, compared to $35,523 at December 31, 2015, a decrease of $1,505. Our
working capital deficit increased by $145,736 to a deficit of $1,988,626 at September 30, 2016 from $1,842,890 at December
31, 2015.  

As
of September 30, 2016, inventories were $3,325, compared to $2,386 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $939, or 39.4%. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has not made provision for inventory in regards to slow moving or obsolete
items.   

As
of September 30, 2016, prepaid expenses were $0, compared to $211 at December 31, 2015, a decrease of $211, or 100%. The decrease
in prepaid expenses is attributed to amortization of prepaid services.  

The
following table sets forth information about our net cash flow for the nine months indicated:  

Net
cash flow provided by operating activities was $650 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $28,263 used in
operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $28,913. The increase in net cash flow in operating
activities was mainly due to increase of $236,831 in other payables, offset by increase of $101,926 in accounts receivable.  

Net
cash flow used in investing activities was $1,163 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,067 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $96, or 9%. The increase is mainly due to there were more acquisition of plant
and equipment in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Net
cash flow provided by financing activities was $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $24,489 provided by
financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $24,489. The decrease in net cash flow provided
by financing activities was mainly due to proceeds received from related parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Concentration
of Business and Credit Risk   

Most
of the Company s bank accounts are in banks located in the PRC and are not covered by any type of protection similar to
that provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) on funds held in U.S. banks. The Company s
bank account in the United States is covered by FDIC insurance.  

Because
the Company s operations are located in the PRC, this may give rise to significant foreign currency risks due to fluctuations
in and the volatility of foreign exchange rates between U.S. dollars and RMB.  

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash, trade accounts receivables
and inventories, the balances of which are stated on the balance sheet. The Company places its cash in banks located in China.
Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivables is limited due to the diversity of the Company s
customers who are located in different regions of China. The Company does not require collateral or other security to support
financial instruments subject to credit risk.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Significant
Accounting Estimates and Policies   

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements that have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. On an ongoing
basis, we evaluate our estimates including the allowance for doubtful accounts, the salability and recoverability of our products,
income taxes and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.  

Revenue
Recognition   

We
recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 605-25, Revenue Recognition, which states that revenue should be recognized when the
following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) the service has been rendered; (3) the selling
price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Sales represent the invoiced
value of goods, net of value added tax ( VAT ), if any, and are recognized upon delivery of goods and passage of title.  

In
accordance with ASC 605-25, the Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, transfer of title
has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

The
Company derives revenues from the manufacturing and distribution of graphite based products. The Company recognizes its revenues
net of VAT. The Company is subject to VAT, which is levied on a majority of the products, at a rate ranging from 13% to 17% on
the invoiced value of sales. Output VAT is borne by customers in addition to the invoiced value of sales and input VAT is borne
by the Company in addition to the invoiced value of purchases to the extent not refunded for export sales.  

The
Company recognizes revenue upon receipt of the delivery confirmation provided by the customer or distributor.  The Company
does not provide chargeback or price protection rights to the distributors. The distributor only places purchase orders with the
Company once it has confirmed the sale with a third party because this is a specialized business, which dictates that the Company
will not manufacture the products until the purchase order is received. The Company allows its customers to return products only
if its products are later determined by the Company to be defective. Based on the Company s historical experience, product
returns have been insignificant throughout all of its product lines. Therefore, the Company does not estimate deductions or allowances
for sales returns. If sales returns occur, they are taken against revenue when products are returned from customers. Sales are
presented net of any discounts given to customers. Interest income is recognized when earned. The Company experienced no returns
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Comprehensive
Income   

We
have adopted ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, formerly known as SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive Income, which establishes
standards for reporting and presentation of comprehensive income (loss) and its components in a full set of general purpose financial
statements. We have chosen to report comprehensive income (loss) in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.  

Income
Taxes   

We
account for income taxes under the provisions of ASC 740, Income Tax, formerly known as SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes,
which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequence attributable to the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts
in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  

Effective
January 1, 2008, the new Chinese income tax law sets unified income tax rates for domestic and foreign companies at 25%, except
for a 15% corporate income tax rate for qualified high technology and science enterprises. In accordance with this new income
tax law, low preferential tax rates in accordance with both the tax laws and administrative regulations prior to the promulgation
of this law gradually become subject to the new tax rate within five years after the implementation of this law.  

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance For Doubtful Accounts   

Accounts
receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate
for allowance for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off
as incurred. Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Management reviews the adequacy
of the allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection trends and aging of receivables. Management
also periodically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions
to make adjustments in the allowance when it is considered necessary. The allowance for doubtful accounts amounted to $nil as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost, determined on a weighted average basis, and net realizable value. Work in progress and finished
goods are composed of direct material, direct labor and a portion of manufacturing overhead. Net realizable value is the estimated
selling price, in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to complete and dispose. The cost of inventories comprises
all costs of purchases, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
condition. The costs of conversion of inventories include fixed and variable production overhead, taking into account the stage
of completion. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has not made provision for inventory
in regards to slow moving or obsolete items.  

Property,
Plant and Equipment   

Property,
plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major expenditures for betterments and renewals are capitalized while ordinary repairs
and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation and amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful life of the assets after taking into account the estimated residual value. The Company reviews the carrying
value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In
cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to
an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this
assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects
of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, no impairment expenses for property,
plant, and equipment was recorded in operating expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Research
and Development   

Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred, and are included in general and administrative expenses. These costs primarily
consist of the cost of material used and salaries paid for the development of our products and fees paid to third parties. Our
research and development expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were not significant.  

Value
Added Tax   

Pursuant
to China s VAT rules and regulations, as an ordinary VAT taxpayer we are subject to a tax rate of 17% ( output VAT ).
The output VAT is payable after offsetting VAT paid by us on purchases ( input VAT ). Under the commercial practice
of the PRC, the Company paid VAT and business tax based on tax invoices issued.  

The
tax invoices may be issued subsequent to the date on which revenue is recognized, and there may be a considerable delay between
the date on which the revenue is recognized and the date on which the tax invoice is issued. In the event that the PRC tax authorities
dispute the date on which revenue is recognized for tax purposes, the PRC tax office has the right to assess a penalty, which
can range from zero to five times the amount of the taxes that are determined to be late or deficient. In the event that a tax
penalty is assessed on late or deficient payments, the penalty will be expensed as a period expense if and when a determination
has been made by the taxing authorities that a penalty is due.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

On
January 1, 2008, the Company began recording financial assets and liabilities subject to recurring fair value measurement at the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
On January 1, 2009, the Company began recording non-recurring financial as well as all non-financial assets and liabilities subject
to fair value measurement under the same principles. These fair value principles prioritize valuation inputs across three broad
levels. The three levels are defined as follows:  

Level
    1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level
    2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs
    that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
    instruments.   

Level
    3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.   

The
carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, notes receivable,
advances to suppliers, other receivables, short-term bank loans, notes payable, accounts payable, advances from customers and
other payables, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity period for these instruments.  

Stock-based
Compensation   

Stock-based
compensation includes (i) common stock awards granted to employees and directors for services which are accounted for under FASB
ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, and (ii) common stock awards granted to consultants which are accounted for under
FASB ASC 505-50, Equity Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.  

All
grants of common stock awards and stock options to employees and directors are recognized in the financial statements based on
their grant date fair values. The Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all
common stock awards and stock options granted with service conditions that have a graded vesting schedule, with a corresponding
charge to additional paid-in capital.  

Common
stock awards are granted to directors for services provided.  

Common
stock awards issued to consultants represent common stock granted to non-employees in exchange for services at fair value. The
measurement dates for such awards are set at the dates that the contracts are entered into as the awards are non-forfeitable and
vest immediately. The measurement date fair value is then recognized over the service period as if the Company has paid cash for
such service. The Company did not make significant grants to consultants for any of the periods presented.  

The
Company estimates fair value of common stock awards based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant.  

No
stock compensation expenses was amortized and recognized as general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption
of any such pronouncements will have a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.  

In
April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment
(Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity . The amendments
in the ASU change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses
sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP.
Under the new guidance, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations.
In addition, the new guidance requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement
users with more information about the assets, liabilities, income, and expenses of discontinued operations. The amendments in
the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This ASU affects any entity
that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of non-financial
assets. This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific
guidance. The ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type
Contracts. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchanged
for those goods or services. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15   Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU
2014-15 ).   

In
connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should
evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or
within one year after the date that the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Management s
evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial
statements are issued  (or at the date that the  financial statements are available to be issued  when
applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions
and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as
they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The term  probable  is
used consistently with its use in Topic 450, Contingencies.  

When
management identifies conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern, management should consider whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate
the substantial doubt. The mitigating effect of management s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is
probable that the plans will be effectively implemented and, if so, (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions
or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  

If
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial
doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables
users of the financial statements to understand all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the
footnotes):  

a.  
      Principal
    conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before
    consideration of management s plans)   

b.  
      Management s
    evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  
      Management s
    plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.   

If
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and substantial doubt
is not alleviated after consideration of management s plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating
that there is  substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern  within one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should disclose
information that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following:  

a.  
      Principal
    conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern   

b.  
      Management s
    evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  
      Management s
    plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability
    to continue as a going concern.   

The
amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim
periods thereafter. Early application is permitted.  

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Item
    3.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.    

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item
    4.   
       Controls
    and Procedures.    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016.  

Disclosure
controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible
controls and procedures.  

Management
conducted its evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, because of
the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of September 30, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal controls over financial reporting. We will continue to monitor the deficiencies identified in internal controls and
make changes that our management deems necessary.  

Limitations
on Controls   

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect
all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide
only reasonable assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company
have been detected.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings    

There
are no other actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries,
threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries 
officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.   

Item
    2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

There
were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, that were
not otherwise disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K.    

Item 3.   
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities    

There
has been no default in the payment of principal, interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default,
with respect to any indebtedness of the Company.   

Item
    4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures    

Not
applicable.   

Item 5.   
       Other
    Information    

There
is no other information required to be disclosed under this item which was not previously disclosed.   

Item
    6.   
       Exhibits    

Exhibit
    Number   
         
       Description    

31.1*  
         
      Certifications
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2*  
         
      Certifications
    of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1+  
         
      Certifications
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.2+  
         
      Certifications
    of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS*  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   

*
Filed herewith  

  +
In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished and not filed.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

CHINA
    CARBON GRAPHITE GROUP, INC.    

Date:
    November14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Donghai Yu    

Donghai
    Yu   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

Date:
    November14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    ZhenfangYang    

Zhenfang
    Yang   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_chinacarbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Donghai Yu, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc.; 

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Donghai Yu   

Donghai Yu 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_chinacarbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Zhenfang Yang, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of China Carbon Graphite Group, Inc.; 

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Zhenfang Yang   

Zhenfang Yang 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_chinacarbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of China Carbon
Graphite Group, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d),
as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Donghai Yu   

Donghai Yu 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to
the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a)
and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing
of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_chinacarbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of China Carbon
Graphite Group, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d),
as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Zhenfang Yang   

Zhenfang Yang 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  

The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to
the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a)
and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing
of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 chgi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 chgi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 chgi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 chgi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 chgi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 chgi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

