<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1628228_0001213900-16-018360_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1087258</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>46395</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>79444</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>238413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>359998</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>335637</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018360.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114104631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018360
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OPTILEAF, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001628228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				471553134
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202003
		FILM NUMBER:		161991929

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 S. MAIN ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-678-4532

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 S. MAIN ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018360.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_optileafincorp.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the Quarterly Period Ended
 September 30, 2016   

or  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

Commission File Number: 333-182856  

OptiLeaf, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Florida   
       
       47-1553134    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

100 N Main St,  

  Wichita, KS, 67202  

  (Address of principal
executive offices)(Zip Code) 

(855) 678-4532   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code )  

 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act: 

N/A  

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes           No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes           No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes           No      

As of March 30, 2016, the registrant had 20,210,419
shares of its common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   
 
      Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
      1   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      8   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      11   
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      11   

PART II-- OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      13   
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      13   
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      13   
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      13   
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      13   
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      13   
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      14   

SIGNATURES   
      15   

CAUTIONARY NOTE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report )
contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).
Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking
statements may include words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   intend, 
 could,   should,   would,   may,   seek,   plan,   might, 
 will,   expect,   predict,   project,   forecast,   potential, 
 continue  negatives thereof or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout
this Report and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations; business strategies; future
cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future operations, future cash
needs, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

From time to time, forward-looking statements
also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases, in our presentations, on our website
and in other materials released to the public.  Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report
and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate.
These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.  Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause
actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to
a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning
other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change
in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Financial Statements  

OptiLeaf
Incorporated  

  Condensed
Balance Sheets  

  September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

OptiLeaf
Incorporated  

  Condensed
Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

OptiLeaf
Incorporated  

  Condensed
Statement of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

Note
1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Organization   

OptiLeaf
Incorporated ( OptiLeaf  or the  Company ) was incorporated in Florida in August 2014. The Company has been
in the development stage since inception and has not generated any sales to date. The Company plans to develop, market and sell
integrated software and hardware to the agriculture industry for the seamless tracking and management of growth, task automation
and sale of their clients' products.  

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
for interim financial information. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such principles
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission for Form 10-Q. All adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments,
have been made which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the results of interim periods. The
results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a full year
because of, among other things, seasonality factors in the retail business. The unaudited financial statements contained herein
should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
equivalents consisted of money market funds.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives (3 years) of the related assets using
the straight line depreciation method.  

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations when incurred. Betterments and improvements are capitalized. When property and equipment
are sold or otherwise disposed of, the asset account and related accumulated depreciation account are reduced, and any gain or
loss is included in operations.  

Revenue
Recognition   

In
general, the Company will record revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered or product
delivery has occurred, the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. The
following policies reflect specific criteria for the various revenues streams of the Company:  

Revenue
will be recognized at the time the product is delivered or services are performed. Provision for sales returns will be estimated
based on the Company's historical return experience. Revenue will be presented net of returns.  

Research
and Development   

The
cost of research and development are charged to expense when incurred.  

Note
1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Net
Loss Per Common Share   

Basic
net (loss) income per common share is calculated using the weighted average common shares outstanding during each reporting period.
Diluted net (loss) income per common share adjusts the weighted average common shares for the potential dilution that could occur
if common stock equivalents (convertible debt and preferred stock, warrants, stock options and restricted stock shares and units)
were exercised or converted into common stock. There were no common stock equivalents at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Income
Taxes   

Deferred
income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences related to temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes at each year end, based on enacted tax laws
and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation
allowance is recognized when, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that all, or
some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Income tax expense is the sum of current income tax plus the change
in deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

ASC
740, Income Taxes, requires a company to first determine whether it is more likely than not (which is defined as a likelihood
of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming
that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets
this more likely than not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty
percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority.  

The
Federal and state income tax returns of the Company for 2015 and 2014 are subject to examination by the internal Revenue Service
and state taxing authorities for three (3) years from the date filed.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC
718 requires all share-based compensation payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using
an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.  

Equity
instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505, Equity. The final measurement date for the
fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument
is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for non-performance.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

Pursuant
to ASC No. 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures , the Company is required to estimate the fair value of all
financial instruments included on its balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company's financial instruments
consist of accounts payable and accrued expenses. The Company considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements
to approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.  

Note
1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Recent
Pronouncements   

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which requires lessees to recognize most lease liabilities
on their balance sheets but recognize the expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current practice. The update
states that a lessee would recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-to-use asset for
the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The update is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial
statements.  

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
on the Company's present or future financial statements.  

Note
2. COMPUTER EQUIPMENT (NET)  

Equipment
is recorded at cost and consisted of the following at September 30, 2016:  

Depreciation
expense was $2,629 and $3,996 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Note
3. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

Common
stock    

The
Company has authorized 100,000,000 shares of no par value common stock. At September 30, 2016, the number of shares of common
stock issued was 20,210,419.  

Treasury
stock    

On
September 20, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase one million shares of common stock for $40,000.
These treasury stock shares may at anytime be canceled upon the Board of Directors approval. The Board has not made such election.  

Note
4. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

The
Company leases its offices in a month to month arrangement. The monthly minimum lease payments $1,144 plus its pro rata share
of operating expenses.  

Note
5. INCOME TAXES  

The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before
provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences are as follows:  

Income tax provision at the federal    

statutory rate    
        15  %  
 
     Effect of operating losses    
        (15  )%  

0  %  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $429,840 for Federal and state purposes.
This loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used, this carryforward will begin to expire in 2034. The
deferred tax asset relating to the operating loss carryforward has been fully reserved at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. The principal difference between the operating loss for income tax purposes and reporting purposes is disallowed meals and
entertainment and a temporary difference in depreciation expense.  

Note
6. GOING CONCERN  

The
Company's financial statements are presented on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business.  

The
Company has experienced a loss from operations during its development stage as a result of its investment necessary to achieve
its operating plan, which is long-range in nature. For the period from August 11, 2014 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred a net loss of approximately $429,840. In addition, the Company has no revenue generating operations.  

The
Company currently believes it has sufficient cash to sustain itself for the next 12 months, and management believes that the funds
currently on hand will be sufficient for management to execute its plan of operations and to continue as a going concern.  

Note
7. CONCENTRATION CREDIT RISK  

The
Company maintains its cash balances in a local financial institution. Balances at September 30, 2016 were insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. On September 30, 2016 the Company's uninsured cash balances were approximately
$2,100.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The information and financial data
discussed below is derived from our unaudited financial statements, herein, for the period from inception, August 11, 2014 through
September 30, 2016.  The unaudited financial statements were prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States. The information and financial data discussed below is only a summary and should be
read in conjunction with the related notes contained elsewhere in this prospectus. The financial statements contained elsewhere
in this prospectus fully represent our financial condition and operations; however, they are not indicative of our future performance.    

Overview  

A key problem in the fledgling cannabis industry
is a lack of full service, seed-to-sale growth management systems. While there are existing software products on the market, none
are completely integrated with software and hardware for the seamless tracking and management of growth, task automation, and sale.
A complete solution has thus far been unavailable. We believe OptiLeaf s comprehensive technological solution, when and if
fully developed, will greatly reduce labor expenses while maximizing yield. 

OptiLeaf will endeavor to offer a complete technological
solution for the cannabis industry, incorporating both hardware and software. Our software, when and if fully developed, will be
a seed-to-sale growth management system designed to offer a complete grow automation system that will enhance every aspect of cannabis
business. Once developed, our wireless sensor network will include an array of products that control, monitor, and automate every
aspect of grow house operation. Once developed, our principal product, OptiLeaf GrowPro Elite, should provide a complete, robust,
state-of-the-art hardware and software solution for the large cultivation operation with multiple locations. We have not completed
development of any products as of this Offering, and there can be no assurance that our products will ever become fully developed,
or will gain market acceptance when and if fully developed.  

In the period from inception (August
11, 2014) through September 30, 2016 we had zero revenue and our net loss was $429,837. As of Septermber 30, 2016 we had total
current assets of $252,628 and total current liabilities of $15,001.  

Recent Developments  

Plan of Operation  

We are a development stage company. Our
activities have been primarily limited to business formation, strategic development, marketing, website and product development,
negotiations with third party sales and channel partners, and capital raising activities. Our plans include attempting to
have distributors and channel partners market our wireless network sensor products within their product line, in their promotional
materials, and on their websites. To date, we have no agreements with any distributors or channel partners to market our products,
and we cannot be assured that we will be able to reach any such agreements in the future. 

We believe that our products will be able to
control, monitor, and automate all aspects of the grow house operation. We believe that, once fully developed and launched, OptiLeaf
will be the first and only system to completely integrate all aspects of growth automation and management into one system. However,
there can be no assurance that our products will ever become fully developed, or will gain market acceptance when and if fully
developed. 

Much of the development time and effort at OptiLeaf
during the next 12 months will be spent on research and development for the new wireless sensor network product line and in optimizing
our OptiLeaf GrowPro seed-to-sale growth management software. During the next 12 months, OptiLeaf intends to spend approximately
$250,000 on R D. 

OptiLeaf is regularly examining roles that new
products will play in the growth of the Company. 

Accordingly, we have had no sales and no other
operations to date. During the next eighteen months, we expect to take the following steps in connection with the further
development of our business and the implementation of our plan of operations: 

We plan on inviting the most influential reporters and editors from various trade publications to visit OptiLeaf. During the visit, each of the editors will receive a complete facility tour, briefings about the product, and an opportunity to interview the CEO, CTO, product designer and marketing manager.  If logistics or timing is a problem, individual appointments can be arranged, or meetings will be scheduled during major trade shows.   

To promote our products during the important launch stage, we have concluded that we will need specific expertise and contacts that are not available inside our company.  We will attempt to engage outsourced professionals in the areas of marketing and public relations as a result.   

OptiLeaf will attempt to implement a direct sales force to interact with our customers on a one-to-one basis. The sales force will be responsible for implementing our marketing plans. Each sales person will be trained to communicate the OptiLeaf message effectively. Our plan is that our sales force will be continuously updated and educated on the Company's objectives, any new products in the pipeline, product enhancements, as well as any potential changes to state or federal legislation that could have an impact on cannabis cultivation, usage and distribution. Our decision to potentially use a direct sales force was taken because OptiLeaf products require considerable customer education and post-sales support.   

We hope to expand our product offerings from time to time to meet market demand.   

Over the next twelve months, we anticipate expenses of up to $190,000
including general, administrative and corporate expenses.  The extent of such expenses will depend upon the successful
implementation of our financing strategy and the acceleration of our business plan accordingly. 

We raised approximately $711,000 in gross proceeds
in the private placement closed in 2014.  

We expect to finance our operations primarily
through our existing cash, our operations and any future financing.  If we do not obtain additional funding, we will
continue to operate on a reduced budget until such time as more capital is raised. We believe that we could operate with our current
cash on hand while satisfying any shortfall in cash flow with income that will be generated after the launch of our sales and marketing
programs.  However, to effectively implement our business plan, we will need to obtain additional financing in the future. 

If we obtain financing, we would expect to accelerate
our business plan and increase our advertising and marketing budget, hire additional staff members, and increase our office space
and operations all of which we believe would result in the generation of revenue and profit for our company. 

Results of Operations  

We have conducted minimal operations during
the period from inception (August 11, 2014) to September 30, 2016. We have not generated revenues during this period.  We
had net losses of $428,837 for the period from inception (August 11, 2014) to September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September  30, 2016, we had cash of
$251,484.  Our primary uses of cash were for employee compensation and working capital. The main sources of cash
were from our Founders. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the
near to long term: 

An increase in working capital requirements,   

Addition of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows,   

Increases in advertising, public relations and sales promotions as we commence operations,   

Research and Development,   

The cost of being a public company and the continued increase in costs due to governmental compliance activities.   

The following summarizes the key components
of the Company s cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

We plan to fund our activities during and beyond
2016 through our existing cash on hand and through revenue generated through the sale of our product, and through additional debt
or equity financing if available. We cannot be certain that such funding will be available on acceptable terms, or available at
all. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing debt or equity securities or through bank financing, our stockholders
may experience significant dilution. If we are unable to raise funds when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly
scale back, or discontinue, our operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to an investment
in our securities. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
certain reported amounts and disclosures.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. At  September 30, 2016,
the Company had cash equivalents of approximately $251,484. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

We do not expect that other recently issued
accounting pronouncements will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Going Concern  

Our financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis. As of September 30, 2016, we have not generated any revenues since inception.  We expect to
finance our operations primarily through our existing cash, our operations and any future financing.  However,
there is no assurance we will be able to obtain such capital, through equity or debt financing, or any combination thereof,
or on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, no assurance can be given that any such financing, if obtained, will be
adequate to meet our capital needs. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, our
operations would be materially negatively impacted. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

We are not required to provide the information
required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s
management, including the Company s President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director, of the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
for the reasons discussed below. 

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal control system
was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.  

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. The framework used by management in making
that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled   Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, our President and
Chief Financial Officer have determined and concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting were not effective. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control our financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, the Company determined that the following
items constituted a material weakness: 

The Company does not have an independent audit committee in place, which would provide oversight of the Company s officers, operations and financial reporting function;   

The Company s accounting department, which consists of a limited number of personnel, does not provide adequate segregation of duties and timely information; and   

The Company does not have effective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes.   

Management believes that the appointment of
one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning
audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. Management plans to take action and implementing improvements
to our controls and procedures when our financial position permits. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to the permanent exemption of
the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

No change in our system of internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report (i.e. the  third quarter of the fiscal year ended
December  31, 2016) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

PART II:  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Legal
Proceedings  

From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors  

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 2.     Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None. 

Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.     Other Information  

None. 

Item 6.     Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules  

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation. **   
 
      3.2  
       
      By-Laws. **   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document *   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document *   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document *   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document *   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document *   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *   

*    Filed herewith 

 **  Previously filed 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

Optileaf Inc    

By:   
      /s/ Thomas Tran   

Name: Thomas Tran   

Position: Chief Executive Officer,   

Chief Technology Officer   

President   

By:  
      /s/ Nick Nguyen   

Name: Nick Nguyen 
         Position: Chief Operating Officer, 
         Chief Financial Officer 
        Duly Authorized and  
Principal Financial Officer   

15 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_optileafinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Thomas Tran, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of OptiLeaf, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2016 

By:   
      /s/
    Thomas Tran  

Name: Thomas Tran  

Position: Chief Executive
    Officer,  

Chief Technology Officer  

President  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_optileafinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Nick Nguyen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of OptiLeaf, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Nick Nguyen  

Name:
        Nick Nguyen  
          Position:
        Chief Operating Officer,  
          Chief Financial Officer  Duly Authorized and  
Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_optileafinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant To  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant To  

  Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of OptiLeaf, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Thomas Tran, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the results of operations of the Company. 

By:   
      /s/
    Thomas Tran  

Name: Thomas Tran  

Position: Chief Executive
    Officer,  

Chief Technology Officer  

President  

Dated: November 14, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title
18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_optileafinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant To  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant To  

  Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of OptiLeaf, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Nick Nguyen, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the results of operations of the Company. 

By:  
      /s/ Nick Nguyen  

Name:
        Nick Nguyen  
          Position:
        Chief Operating Officer,  
          Chief Financial Officer  Duly Authorized and  
Principal Financial Officer  

Dated: November 14, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title
18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 oplf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 oplf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 oplf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 oplf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 oplf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

