<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161011_10-Q-A_edgar_data_947559_0001144204-16-127682_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8594030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96353</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>337687</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2733530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4112377</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1107845</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>106</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-127682.hdr.sgml : 20161011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161011165623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-127682
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161011
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST BANCSHARES INC /MS/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000947559
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				640862173
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22507
		FILM NUMBER:		161931619

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 US HIGHWAY 98 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HATTIESBURG
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6012688998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6424 US HIGHWAY 98 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HATTIESBURG
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORP /MS/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-127682.txt : 20161011

10-Q/A
 1
 v450234_10qa.htm
 FORM 10--Q/A

U. S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D. C.
20549 

FORM 10-Q/A 

 AMENDMENT NO. 1 

OR 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

(EXACT NAME OF ISSUER AS SPECIFIED IN ITS
CHARTER) 

NONE   
 
      (FORMER NAME, ADDRESS AND FISCAL YEAR, IF CHANGED SINCE LAST REPORT)   

INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE ISSUER: (1) HAS FILED ALL
REPORTS REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR
FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORTS), AND (2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO SUCH FILING REQUIREMENTS
FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS. 

YES
  x  
NO      

INDIATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT HAS SUBMITTED ELECTRONICALLY
AND POSTED ON ITS CORPORATE WEB SITE, IF ANY, EVERY INTERACTIVE DATA FILE REQUIRED TO BE SUBMITTED AND POSTED PURSUANT TO RULE
405 OF REGULATION S-T ( 232.405 OF THIS CHAPTER) DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT HE REGISTRANT
WAS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT AND POST SUCH FILES). 

YES
  x  
NO      

INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT IS A LARGE ACCELERATED
FILER, AN ACCELERATED FILER, A NON-ACCELERATED FILER, OR A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY. SEE THE DEFINITIONS OF  LARGE ACCELERATED
FILER,   ACCELERATED FILER,   NON-ACCELERATED FILER  AND  SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY 
IN RULE 12B-2 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT. 

LARGE ACCELERATED FILER   

ACCELERATED FILER  
      x  

NON-ACCELERATED FILER  

SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY  

ON March 31, 2016, 5,458,508 SHARES OF THE ISSUER'S COMMON
STOCK, PAR VALUE $1.00 PER SHARE WERE ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING. 

TRANSITIONAL DISCLOSURE FORMAT (CHECK ONE): 

YES
     
NO   x  

INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT IS A SHELL COMPANY
(AS DEFINED IN RULE 12B-2 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT): 

YES
       NO
   x  

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

We are filing this Amendment No. 1 on Form
10-Q/A to amend our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 as originally filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2016 (the  Original Form 10-Q ). The original Form 10-Q was prepared and filed in
accordance with disclosure requirements applicable to  smaller reporting companies  as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ). During the 3 rd  quarter of 2016, after consultation with outside counsel,
the Company determined that the Company had become, as of January 1, 2016, an  accelerated filer  as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 12b-2 due to a re-evaluation of the affiliate status of certain shareholders, which were initially misinterpreted to be
affiliates of the Company, which in turn increased the Company s public float to more than $75 million as of June 30, 2015.
Accordingly, we are amending the Original Form 10-Q so that it complies with all applicable requirements for an  accelerated
filer.  Specifically, this amendment is being filed to augment Part I, Items 2 and 4, Part II, Items 1A and 6, and to add
Part I, Item 3 which was previously inapplicable. We are restating the entire 10-Q in this filing as multiple items are being amended.
The Company intends to file all future Exchange Act reports in accordance with accelerated filer Exchange
Act rules, as applicable. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM NO. 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

($ In Thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

($ In Thousands, except earnings and dividends
per share) 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME  

($ In Thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

 (unaudited) 

($ In Thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

($ In Thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)  

  March 31, 2016  

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial statements
and with the instructions to Form 10-Q of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information
and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. However, in the opinion of
management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, please refer to the consolidated financial statements
and footnotes thereto included in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF ORGANIZATION  

The First Bancshares, Inc., Hattiesburg,
Mississippi (the  Company ), was incorporated June 23, 1995, under the laws of the State of Mississippi for the purpose
of operating as a bank holding company. The Company s primary asset is its interest in its wholly-owned subsidiary, The First,
A National Banking Association (the  Bank ). 

At March 31, 2016, the Company had approximately
$1.2 billion in assets, $796.9 million in net loans, $1.0 billion in deposits, and $107.2 million in stockholders' equity. For
the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company reported net income of $2.6 million ($2.5 million applicable to common stockholders). 

In the first quarter of 2016, the Company
declared and paid a dividend of $.0375 per common share. 

NOTE 3 - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) NO. 2016-09   Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   ASU 2016-09 requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in
the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It also allows an employer to repurchase more of an employee s
shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election for
forfeitures as they occur. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2016, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-09 on
its accounting and disclosures. 

In February 2016 the FASB issued ASU NO.
2016-02   Leases (Topic 842).   ASU 2016-02 establishes a right of use model that requires a lessee to record
a right of use asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either
finance or operating with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. For lessors, the
guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. A lease will be treated
as sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee. If risks and rewards
are conveyed without the transfer of control, the lease is treated as a financing. If the lessor doesn t convey risks and
rewards or control, an operating lease results. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years for public business entities. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective
approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements,
with certain practical expedients available. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2016-02 on
its accounting and disclosures. 

NOTE 4   BUSINESS COMBINATION  

The Mortgage Connection  

On December 14, 2015, the Company completed
the acquisition of The Mortgage Connection, a Mississippi corporation, which included two loan production offices located in Madison
and Brandon, Mississippi. 

In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded $1.5
million of goodwill. 

The amounts of the acquired identifiable
assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

NOTE 5   PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT  

Pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement between the Company
and the United States Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ), the Company issued 17,123 CDCI Preferred Shares. 

The Letter Agreement contains limitations on the payment of
dividends on the common stock to no more than 100% of the aggregate per share dividend and distributions for the immediate prior
fiscal year (dividends of $0.15 per share were declared and paid in 2011-2015) and on the Company s ability to repurchase
its common stock in the event of a non-payment of our dividend, and continues to subject the Company to certain of the executive
compensation limitations included in the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (EESA), as previously disclosed by the Company.
The CDCI Preferred Shares entitle the holder to an annual dividend of 2% for 8 years of the liquidation value of the shares, payable
quarterly in arrears. 

Pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement
between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, the Company redeemed the warrant to purchase up to 54,705
shares of the Company s common stock. In connection with this redemption, on May 13, 2015, the Company paid Treasury an aggregate
redemption price of $302,410. 

NOTE 6   EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  

Basic per share data is calculated based
on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted per share data includes any dilution
from potential common stock outstanding, such as stock options. 

The Company granted 61,247 shares of restricted stock in the
first quarter of 2016. 

NOTE 7   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

As presented in the Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income, comprehensive income includes net income and other comprehensive income. The Company s only sources
of other comprehensive income are unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities and loans held for sale.
Gains or losses on investment securities that were realized and reflected in net income of the current period, which had previously
been included in other comprehensive income as unrealized holding gains or losses in the period in which they arose, are considered
to be reclassification adjustments that are excluded from other comprehensive income in the current period. 

NOTE 8   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET
RISK  

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES
AND REPORTING, THE FAIR VALUE OPTION AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

FASB s standards on financial instruments,
and on fair value measurements and disclosures, require all entities to disclose in their financial statement footnotes the estimated
fair values of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate fair values. In addition to disclosure requirements,
FASB s standard on investments requires that our debt securities which are classified as available for sale and our equity
securities that have readily determinable fair values be measured and reported at fair value in our statement of financial position.
Certain impaired loans are also reported at fair value, as explained in greater detail below, and foreclosed assets are carried
at the lower of cost or fair value. FASB s standard on financial instruments permits companies to report certain other financial
assets and liabilities at fair value, but we have not elected the fair value option for any of those financial instruments. 

Fair value measurement and disclosure standards
also establish a framework for measuring fair values. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an
asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability,
in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Further, the standards establish a fair value hierarchy
that encourages an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and limit the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
values. The standards describe three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values: 

Level 1 : Quoted prices (unadjusted)
for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date.    

Level 2 : Significant observable
inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not
active, and other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.    

Level 3 : Significant unobservable
inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the factors that market participants would likely consider in pricing
an asset or liability.    

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time based on relevant market data and information about the financial instruments. The estimates do not reflect any premium
or discount that could result from offering the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument for sale at
one time, nor do they attempt to estimate the value of anticipated future business related to the instruments. In addition, the
tax ramifications related to realized gains and losses could have a significant effect on fair value estimates but have not been
considered in those estimates. Because no active market exists for a significant portion of our financial instruments, fair value
disclosures are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments
and other factors. The estimates are subjective and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, and therefore cannot
be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly alter the fair values presented. The following methods
and assumptions were used by the Company to estimate its financial instrument fair values disclosed at March 31, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

Cash and cash equivalents and fed funds
sold : The carrying amount is estimated to be fair value.    

Securities (available-for-sale and
held-to-maturity) : Fair values are determined by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges or by
matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities by relying on their relationship
to other benchmark quoted securities when quoted prices for specific securities are not readily available.    

Loans and leases : For variable-rate
loans and leases that re-price frequently with no significant change in credit risk or interest rate spread, fair values are based
on carrying values. Fair values for other loans and leases are estimated by discounting projected cash flows at interest rates
being offered at each reporting date for loans and leases with similar terms, to borrowers of comparable creditworthiness. The
carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates its fair value.    

Loans held for sale : Since loans
designated by the Company as available-for-sale are typically sold shortly after making the decision to sell them, realized gains
or losses are usually recognized within the same period and fluctuations in fair values are not relevant for reporting purposes.
If available-for-sale loans are on our books for an extended period of time, the fair value of those loans is determined using
quoted secondary-market prices.    

Collateral-dependent impaired loans :
Collateral-dependent impaired loans are carried at fair value when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all
amounts due according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement and the loan has been written down to the fair value
of its underlying collateral, net of expected disposition costs where applicable.    

Bank-owned life insurance : Fair
values are based on net cash surrender policy values at each reporting date.    

Other securities : Certain investments
for which no secondary market exists are carried at cost and the carrying amount for those investments typically approximates their
estimated fair value, unless an impairment analysis indicates the need for adjustments.    

Deposits (noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing) :
Fair values for non-maturity deposits are equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date, which is the carrying amount.
Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a cash flow analysis, discounted at interest rates being
offered at each reporting date by the Bank for certificates with similar remaining maturities. The carrying amount of accrued interest
payable approximates its fair value.    

FHLB and other borrowings : Current
carrying amounts are used as an approximation of fair values for federal funds purchased, overnight advances from the Federal Home
Loan Bank ( FHLB ), borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term borrowings maturing within ninety
days of the reporting dates. Fair values of other short-term borrowings are estimated by discounting projected cash flows at the
Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.    

Long-term borrowings : Fair values
are estimated using projected cash flows discounted at the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types
of borrowing arrangements.    

Subordinated debentures : Fair values
are determined based on the current market value for like instruments of a similar maturity and structure.    

Off-Balance Sheet Instruments   
    Fair values of off-balance sheet financial instruments are based on fees charged to enter into similar agreements.
However, commitments to extend credit do not represent a significant value until such commitments are funded or closed. Management
has determined that these instruments do not have a distinguishable fair value and no fair value has been assigned.    

Estimated fair values for the Company s
financial instruments are as follows, as of the dates noted: 

Where quoted prices are available in an
active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities would include highly liquid
government bonds, mortgage products and exchange traded equities. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are
estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flow. Level 2 securities
would include U. S. agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions and certain
corporate, asset-backed and other securities. In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs
to the valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the
dates noted are summarized below: 

March 31, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

The following is a reconciliation of activity for assets measured
at fair value based on significant unobservable (non-market) information. 

The following table presents quantitative
information about recurring Level 3 fair value measurements ($ In Thousands): 

Following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets,
as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Impaired Loans  

Loans for which it is probable that the
Company will not collect all principal and interest due according to contractual terms are measured for impairment. Allowable methods
for estimating fair value include using the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans or, where a loan is determined
not to be collateral dependent, using the discounted cash flow method. 

If the impaired loan is identified as collateral
dependent, then the fair value method of measuring the amount of impairment is utilized. This method requires obtaining a current
independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor to the value. If the impaired loan is determined not to
be collateral dependent, then the discounted cash flow method is used. This method requires the impaired loan to be recorded at
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. The effective interest
rate of a loan is the contractual interest rate adjusted for any net deferred loan fees or costs, or premium or discount existing
at origination or acquisition of the loan. Impaired loans are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Other Real Estate Owned  

Other real estate owned acquired through
loan foreclosure is initially recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell, establishing a new cost basis. The adjustment
at the time of foreclosure is recorded through the allowance for loan losses. Due to the subjective nature of establishing the
fair value, the actual fair value of the other real estate owned or foreclosed asset could differ from the original estimate. If
it is determined the fair value declines subsequent to foreclosure, a valuation allowance is recorded through non-interest expense.
Operating costs associated with the assets are also recorded as non-interest expense. Gains and losses on the disposition of other
real estate owned and foreclosed assets are netted and posted to other non-interest expense. Other real estate owned measured at
fair value on a non-recurring basis at March 31, 2016, amounted to $4.4 million. Other real estate owned is classified within Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The following table presents the fair value
measurement of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the
fair value measurements fell at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

($ In Thousands) 

March 31, 2016  

Fair Value Measurements Using     

Quoted  Prices in  Active  Markets  For  Identical  Assets       
     Significant  Other  Observable  Inputs       
     Significant  Unobservable  Inputs     

Fair Value       
     (Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     

Impaired loans    
     $  8,866       
     $  -       
     $  8,866       
     $  -     

Other real estate   owned    
        4,363       
        -       
        4,363       
        -     

December 31, 2015  

Fair Value Measurements Using     

Quoted  Prices in  Active  Markets  For  Identical  Assets       
     Significant  Other  Observable  Inputs       
     Significant  Unobservable  Inputs     

Fair Value       
     (Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     

Impaired loans    
     $  10,127       
     $  -       
     $  10,127       
     $  -     

Other real estate   owned    
        3,083       
        -       
        3,083       
        -     

NOTE 10   SECURITIES  

The following disclosure of the estimated
fair value of financial instruments is made in accordance with authoritative guidance. The estimated fair value amounts have been
determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is necessarily
required to interpret market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation
methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

A summary of the amortized cost and estimated fair value of
available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities at March 31, 2016, follows: 

($ In Thousands) 

NOTE 11   LOANS  

Loans typically provide higher yields than
the other types of earning assets, and, thus, one of the Company's goals is for loans to be the largest category of the Company's
earning assets. For the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, average loans accounted for 72.3% and 73.3% of average
earning assets, respectively. The Company controls and mitigates the inherent credit and liquidity risks through the composition
of its loan portfolio. 

The following tables summarize by class
our loans classified as past due in excess of 30 days or more in addition to those loans classified as non-accrual: 

Loans acquired with deteriorated credit
quality are those purchased in the BCB Holding Company, Inc. acquisition. These loans were recorded at estimated fair value at
the acquisition date with no carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. The acquired loans were segregated as of the acquisition
date between those considered to be performing (acquired non-impaired loans) and those with evidence of credit deterioration (acquired
impaired loans). Acquired loans are considered impaired if there is evidence of credit deterioration and if it is probable, at
acquisition, all contractually required payments will not be collected. 

The following table presents information
regarding the contractually required payments receivable, cash flows expected to be collected and the estimated fair value of loans
acquired in the BCB acquisition as of July 1, 2014, the closing date of the transaction: 

Total outstanding acquired impaired loans
were $2,981,011 as of March 31, 2016 and $3,039,840 as of December 31, 2015. The outstanding balance of these loans is the
undiscounted sum of all amounts, including amounts deemed principal, interest, fees, penalties, and other under the loans, owed
at the reporting date, whether or not currently due and whether or not any such amounts have been charged off. 

Changes in the carrying amount and accretable
yield for acquired impaired loans were as follows at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015: ($ In Thousands) 

The following tables provide additional
detail of impaired loans broken out according to class as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The recorded investment included
in the following tables represent customer balances net of any partial charge-offs recognized on the loans, net of any deferred
fees and costs. As nearly all of our impaired loans at March 31, 2016, are on nonaccrual status, recorded investment excludes any
insignificant amount of accrued interest receivable on loans 90-days or more past due and still accruing. The unpaid balance represents
the recorded balance prior to any partial charge-offs. 

March 31, 2016  

On January 1, 2015, the Company adopted
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-4, Receivables   Troubled Debt Restructuring by Creditors. As of March 31, 2016, the
Company had $1.0 million of foreclosed residential real estate property obtained by physical possession and $.5 million of consumer
mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local
jurisdictions. 

December 31, 2015  

The following table represents the Company s impaired
loans at March 31, 2016, and December 31, 2015. 

The following table is a summary of interest recognized and
cash-basis interest earned on impaired loans: 

The gross interest income that would have
been recorded in the period that ended if the nonaccrual loans had been current in accordance with their original terms and had
been outstanding throughout the period or since origination, if held for part of the three months ended March 31, 2016 and March
31, 2015, was $98,000 and $94,000, respectively, The Company had no loan commitments to borrowers in non-accrual status at March
31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The following tables provide detail of troubled debt restructurings
(TDRs) at March 31, 2016. 

($ In Thousands) 

For the Three Months Ending March 31, 2016  

Outstanding       

Outstanding       
     Recorded       

Recorded       
     Investment       
            
     Interest     

Investment       
     Post-       
     Number of       
     Income     

Pre-Modification       
     Modification       
     Loans       
     Recognized     

Commercial installment    
     $  -       
     $  -       
        -       
     $  -     
 
     Commercial real estate    
        296       
        289       
        1       
        4     
 
     Consumer real estate    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Consumer installment    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
     $  296       
     $  289       
        1       
     $  4     

There was one TDR that was modified during the three month period
ended March 31, 2016. 

The balance of troubled debt restructurings
(TDRs)was $6.8 million at March 31, 2016 and $6.9 million at December 31, 2015, respectively, calculated for regulatory reporting
purposes. As of March 31, 2016, the company had no additional amount committed on any loan classified as troubled debt restructuring. 

The following tables set forth the amounts and past due status
for the Bank TDRs at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

($ In Thousands) 

($ In Thousands) 

Internal Risk Ratings 

The Company categorizes loans into risk
categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, such as: current financial information,
historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The
Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings, which are consistent with the definitions used in supervisory guidance: 

Special Mention.    Loans
classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these
potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Company s credit position
at some future date. 

Substandard.    Loans
classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral
pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They
are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful.    Loans
classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that
the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly
questionable and improbable. 

Loans not meeting the criteria
above that are analyzed individually as part of the above described process are considered to be pass rated loans. 

As of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
and based on the most recent analysis performed, the risk categories of loans by class of loans (excluding mortgage loans held
for sale) were as follows: 

($ In Thousands) 

March 31, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

Activity in the allowance for loan losses for the period was
as follows: 

($ In Thousands) 

The following tables represent how the allowance for loan losses
is allocated to a particular loan type, as well as the percentage of the category to total loans at March 31, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

The following tables provide the ending balances in the Company's
loans (excluding mortgage loans held for sale) and allowance for loan losses, broken down by portfolio segment as of March 31,
2016 and December 31, 2015. The tables also provide additional detail as to the amount of our loans and allowance that correspond
to individual versus collective impairment evaluation. The impairment evaluation corresponds to the Company's systematic methodology
for estimating its Allowance for Loan Losses. 

March 31, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS/OTHER  

Subsequent events have been evaluated by management through
the date the financial statements were issued. The Company has experienced recoveries on a previously charged-off loan of $941,000.
In 2015, $722,000 was recovered and a third and final installment of $219,000 is expected during 2016. 

NOTE 13   RECLASSIFICATION  

Certain amounts in the 2015 financial statements
have been reclassified for comparative purposes to conform to the current period financial statement presentation. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM NO. 2  

  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This Form 10-Q/A contains statements regarding
the projected performance of The First Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiary. These statements constitute forward-looking information
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from the projections
provided in this release since such projections involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Factors that might
cause such differences include, but are not limited to: competitive pressures among financial institutions increasing significantly;
economic conditions, either nationally or locally, in areas in which the Company conducts operations being less favorable than
expected; and legislation or regulatory changes which adversely affect the ability of the combined Company to conduct business
combinations or new operations. The Company disclaims any obligation to update such factors or to publicly announce the results
of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments. Further information
on The First Bancshares, Inc. is available in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at the SEC s
website,  http://www.sec.gov . 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The Company s financial statements
are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The financial information and disclosures
contained within those statements are significantly impacted by Management s estimates and judgments, which are based on
historical experience and incorporate various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under current circumstances. Actual
results may differ from those estimates under divergent conditions. 

Critical accounting policies are those
that involve the most complex and subjective decisions and assessments, and have the greatest potential impact on the Company s
stated results of operations. In Management s opinion, the Company s critical accounting policies deal with the following
areas: the establishment of the allowance for loan and lease losses, as explained in detail in Note 11 to the consolidated financial
statements and in the  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses  and  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
sections of this discussion and analysis; the valuation of impaired loans and foreclosed assets, as discussed in Note 11 to the
consolidated financial statements; income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, especially with regard to the ability
of the Company to recover deferred tax assets as discussed in the  Provision for Income Taxes  and  Other Assets 
sections of this discussion and analysis; and goodwill and other intangible assets, which are evaluated annually for impairment
and for which we have determined that no impairment exists, as discussed in the  Other Assets  section of this discussion
and analysis. Critical accounting areas are evaluated on an ongoing basis to ensure that the Company s financial statements
incorporate our most recent expectations with regard to those areas. 

OVERVIEW OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
AND FINANCIAL CONDITION   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SUMMARY 

First quarter 2016 compared to first quarter 2015   

First quarter 2016 net earnings available
to common shareholders totaled $2.5 million compared to $1.9 million for the first quarter of 2015. Revenues from consolidated
operations increased $1,547,000 in quarterly comparison. Net interest income increased $796,000 in quarterly comparison as interest
income earned on a higher volume of loans attributed to this overall increase. Noninterest income increased $633,000 in quarterly
comparison for the first quarter of 2016 as compared to the first quarter of 2015 consisting mainly of increased mortgage income
of $311,000 and gain on conversion of our debit card provider of $260,000. 

First quarter 2016 noninterest expenses
increased $577,000, or 7.4% as compared to first quarter 2015. The largest increase in noninterest expenses was related to salaries
and benefits of $523,000 of which $319,000 can be attributed to acquisition of The Mortgage Connection, LLC in December 2015. 

Fully taxable-equivalent ( FTE )
net interest income totaled $9.9 million and $9.1 million for the first quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The FTE net interest
income increased $775,000 in prior year quarterly comparison primarily due to an increase in interest earned on loans. The purchase
accounting adjustments had a difference of $21,000 on net interest income for the first quarter comparisons. First quarter 2016
net interest margin of 3.68% includes 2 bps related to purchase accounting adjustments. 

Investment securities totaled $269.5 million,
or 21.7% of total assets at March 31, 2016, versus $261.9 million, or 22.9% of total assets at March 31, 2015. The average volume
of investment securities decreased $0.1 million in prior year quarterly comparison. The average tax equivalent yield on investment
securities remained the same at 2.63%. The investment portfolio had a net unrealized gain of $3.7 million at March 31, 2016 as
compared to $3.9 million at March 31, 2015. 

The average yield on all earnings assets
increased 10 basis points in prior year quarterly comparison, from 3.92% for the first quarter of 2015 to 4.02% for the first
quarter of 2016. This increase was slightly offset by an increase in average interest expense of 2 basis points from 0.39% for
the first quarter of 2015 to 0.41% for the first quarter of 2016. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Consolidated assets increased $96.8 million
or 8.5% to $1.2 billion for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. Total loans were $797.8 million at March 31, 2016 as compared to
$772.5 million at December 31, 2015 representing an increase of 3.3%. Increased loan volume was spread across the real estate
categories with commercial real estate experiencing the largest growth. Fundings for commercial real estate loans increased $16.8
million or 6.6% quarter over quarter. 

Total deposits increased $124.4 million
or 13.6% to $1,041.1 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. This increase reflects seasonal fluctuations in our public
deposit portfolio. Total deposits adjusted for seasonal public fund changes increased $7.1 million or 1.0% for quarter ended March
31, 2016. 

 The First represents the primary asset
of the Company. 

NONPERFORMING ASSETS AND RISK ELEMENTS 

Diversification within the loan portfolio
is an important means of reducing inherent lending risks. At March 31, 2016, The First had no concentrations of ten percent or
more of total loans in any single industry or any geographical area outside its immediate market areas. 

At March 31, 2016, The First had loans past due as follows: 

The accrual of interest is discontinued
on loans which become ninety days past due (principal and/or interest), unless the loans are adequately secured and in the process
of collection. Nonaccrual loans totaled $5.9 million at March 31, 2016, a decrease of $1.5 million from December 31, 2015. Any
other real estate owned is carried at fair value, determined by an appraisal, less estimated costs to sell. Other real estate
owned totaled $4.4 million at March 31, 2016. A loan is classified as a restructured loan when the following two conditions are
present: First, the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and second, the creditor grants a concession it would not otherwise
consider but for the borrower s financial difficulties. At March 31, 2016, the Bank had $6.8 million in loans that were
modified as troubled debt restructurings, of which $3.0 million were performing as agreed with modified terms. 

EARNINGS PERFORMANCE 

The Company earns income from two primary
sources. The first is net interest income, which is interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense on deposits
and other borrowed money. The second is non-interest income, which primarily consists of customer service charges and fees but
also comes from non-customer sources such as bank-owned life insurance. The majority of the Company s non-interest expense
is comprised of operating costs that facilitate offering a full range of banking services to our customers. 

Net
interest income AND NET INTEREST MARGIN  

Net interest income increased by $796,000,
or 9%, for the first quarter of 2016 relative to the first quarter of 2015. The level of net interest income we recognize in any
given period depends on a combination of factors including the average volume and yield for interest-earning assets, the average
volume and cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and the mix of products which comprise the Company s earning assets, deposits,
and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is also impacted by the reversal of interest for loans placed on non-accrual
status during the reporting period, and the recovery of interest on loans that had been on non-accrual and were paid off, sold
or returned to accrual status. 

The following tables depict, for the periods
indicated, certain information related to the average balance sheet and average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities.
Such yields are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. Average
balances have been derived from daily averages. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity   March 31, 2016 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity is adequate with cash and cash
equivalents of $96.0 million as of March 31, 2016. In addition, loans and investment securities repricing or maturing within one
year or less exceeded $218.7 million at March 31, 2016. Approximately $156.0 million in loan commitments could fund within the
next three months and other commitments, primarily standby letters of credit, totaled $1.1 million at March 31, 2016. 

There are no known trends or any known
commitments or uncertainties that will result in The First s liquidity increasing or decreasing in a significant way. 

Total consolidated equity capital at March
31, 2016, was $107.2 million, or approximately 8.6% of total assets. The Company currently has adequate capital positions to meet
the minimum capital requirements for all regulatory agencies. The Company s capital ratios as of March 31, 2016, were as
follows: 

On June 30, 2006, The Company issued $4,124,000
of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 2 in which the Company
owns all of the common equity. The debentures are the sole asset of the Trust. The Trust issued $4,000,000 of Trust Preferred
Securities (TPSs) to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute
a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred
securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures
in 2036. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month London Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.65% and is payable
quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. On July 27, 2007, The
Company issued $6,186,000 of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory
Trust 3 in which the Company owns all of the common equity. The debentures are the sole asset of Trust 3. The Trust issued $6,000,000
of Trust Preferred Securities (TPSs) to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents,
taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust s obligations under the preferred
securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon
maturity of the debentures in 2037. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month LIBOR plus 1.40% and is payable quarterly.
The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. In accordance with the authoritative
guidance, the trusts are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 

PROVISION FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES 

The Company has developed policies and
procedures for evaluating the overall quality of its credit portfolio and the timely identification of potential problem loans.
Management s judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance is based upon a number of assumptions which it believes to be
reasonable, but which may not prove to be accurate, particularly given the Company s growth and the economy. Thus, there
can be no assurance that charge-offs in future periods will not exceed the allowance for loan losses or that additional increases
in the loan loss allowance will not be required. 

The Company s allowance consists
of two parts. The first part is determined in accordance with authoritative guidance regarding contingencies.   The Company s
determination of this part of the allowance is based upon quantitative and qualitative factors. A loan loss history based upon
the most recent 72 months loss history is utilized in determining the appropriate allowance. Historical loss factors are determined
by risk rated loans by loan type. These historical loss factors are applied to the loans by loan type to determine an indicated
allowance. The loss factors of peer groups are considered in the determination of the allowance and are used to assist in the
establishment of a long-term loss history for areas in which this data is unavailable and incorporated into the qualitative factors
to be considered. The historical loss factors may also be modified based upon other qualitative factors including but not limited
to local and national economic conditions, trends of delinquent loans, changes in lending policies and underwriting standards,
concentrations, and management s knowledge of the loan portfolio. These factors require judgment upon the part of management
and are based upon state and national economic reports received from various institutions and agencies including the Federal Reserve
Bank, United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, Bureau of Labor Statistics, meetings with the Company s loan officers and
loan committee, and data and guidance received or obtained from the Company s regulatory authorities. 

The second part of the allowance is determined
in accordance with authoritative guidance regarding loan impairment. Impaired loans are determined based upon a review by internal
loan review and senior management. 

The sum of the two parts constitutes management s
best estimate of an appropriate allowance for loan losses. When the estimated allowance is determined, it is presented to the
Company s audit committee for review and approval on a quarterly basis. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.
Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration
all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay,
the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 

Impairment is measured on a loan by loan
basis, and a specific allowance is assigned to each loan determined to be impaired. Impaired loans not deemed collateral dependent
are analyzed according to the ultimate repayment source, whether that is cash flow from the borrower, guarantor or some other
source of repayment. Impaired loans are deemed collateral dependent if, in the Company s opinion, the ultimate source of
repayment will be generated from the liquidation of collateral. 

The Company discontinues accrual of interest
on loans when management believes, after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts, that a borrower s
financial condition is such that the collection of interest is doubtful. Generally, the Company will place a delinquent loan in
nonaccrual status when the loan becomes 90 days or more past due. At the time a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, all interest
which has been accrued on the loan but remains unpaid is reversed and deducted from earnings as a reduction of reported interest
income. No additional interest is accrued on the loan balance until the collection of both principal and interest becomes reasonably
certain. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME AND NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

The following table provides details on the Company s
non-interest income and non-interest expense for the three-months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Noninterest income increased $643,000
in year-over-year comparison mainly consisting of increases in mortgage income of $311,000 and other fees and charges of $290,000.
First quarter 2016 noninterest expenses increased $577,000, or 7.3% as compared to first quarter 2015. The largest increase in
noninterest expenses was related to salaries and benefits of $523,000 of which $391,000 can be attributed to acquisition of The
Mortgage Connection, LLC in December 2015 as well as additional salaries and benefits related to the banking team in Mobile and
lender in Madison along with Treasury Management personnel. 

PROVISION
FOR INCOME TAXES  

The
Company sets aside a provision for income taxes on a monthly basis. The amount of that provision is determined by first applying
the Company s statutory income tax rates to estimated taxable income, which is pre-tax book income adjusted for permanent
differences, and then subtracting available tax credits if applicable. Permanent differences include but are not limited to tax-exempt
interest income, BOLI income, and certain book expenses that are not allowed as tax deductions.   

The
Company s provision for income taxes was $1.11 million total as of March 31, 2016 relative to $845,000 as of March 31, 2015.
The higher tax provisioning for the first half comparison is the result of an increase in pre-tax income.  

BALANCE
SHEET ANALYSIS   

EARNING
ASSETS  

The Company s interest-earning assets
are comprised of investments and loans, and the composition, growth characteristics, and credit quality of both are significant
determinants of the Company s financial condition. Investments are analyzed in the section immediately below, while the
loan and lease portfolio and other factors affecting earning assets are discussed in the sections following investments. 

INVESTMENTS  

The Company s investments can at
any given time consist of debt securities and marketable equity securities (together, the  investment portfolio ),
investments in the time deposits of other banks, surplus interest-earning balances in our Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB )
account, and overnight fed funds sold. Surplus FRB balances and fed funds sold to correspondent banks represent the temporary
investment of excess liquidity. The Company s investments serve several purposes: 1) they provide liquidity to even out
cash flows from the loan and deposit activities of customers; 2) they provide a source of pledged assets for securing public deposits,
bankruptcy deposits and certain borrowed funds which require collateral; 3) they constitute a large base of assets with maturity
and interest rate characteristics that can be changed more readily than the loan portfolio, to better match changes in the deposit
base and other funding sources of the Company; 4) they are another interest-earning option for surplus funds when loan demand
is light; and 5) they can provide partially tax exempt income. Aggregate investments totaled $270 million, or 21% of total assets
at March 31, 2016, compared to $255 million, or 22% of total assets at December 31,  2015 . 

We had $26.7 million fed funds sold at
March 31, 2015 and $321,000 fed funds sold at December 31, 2015; and interest-bearing balances at other banks increased to $37.3
million at March 31, 2016 from $17.3 million at December 31, 2015 primarily due to an increase in our Federal Reserve Bank account.
The Company s investment portfolio increased with a total fair value of $262 million at March 31, 2016, reflecting an increase
of $13.5 million, or 5.5%. The Company carries investments at their fair market values. The Company holds a small amount of  held-to-maturity 
investments with a fair market value of $8,741 million at March 31, 2016 as compared to $8,548 million at December 31, 2015. All
other investment securities are classified as  available for sale  to allow maximum flexibility with regard to interest
rate risk and liquidity management. 

Refer to table shown in NOTE 10 - SECURITIES
for information on the Company s amortized cost and fair market value of its investment portfolio by investment type. 

LOAN AND LEASE PORTFOLIO 

The Company s loans and leases,
gross of the associated allowance for losses and deferred fees and origination costs, totaled $804 million at March 31, 2016,
an increase of $27 million, or 3.5%, since December 31, 2015. With an increase of $22 million in the Real Estate category, the
Mortgage-commercial had the largest areas of growth of $16.8 million. Additionally, the category, obligations of states and subdivisions,
increased by $6 million since December 31, 2015. 

At March 31, 2016 the company had direct
energy related loans of $24.2 million, representing 3.0% of the total loan portfolio. A majority of the outstanding are secured
by marine assets that operate in the Gulf of Mexico, which are under term contracts to major operators tied primarily to oil and
gas production not exploration. All direct energy related loans are performing and are not adversely classified based on both
internal and external reviews completed during the fourth quarter of 2015. 

A distribution of the Company s
loans showing the balance and percentage of loans by type is presented for the noted periods in the table below. The balances
shown are before deferred or unamortized loan origination, extension, or commitment fees, and deferred origination costs. 

The following table shows the composition
of the loan portfolio by category: 

Composition of Loan
Portfolio 

In the context of this discussion,
a  real estate mortgage loan  is defined as any loan, other than a loan for construction purposes, secured by real estate,
regardless of the purpose of the loan. The Company follows the common practice of financial institutions in the Company s
market area of obtaining a security interest in real estate whenever possible, in addition to any other available collateral.
This collateral is taken to reinforce the likelihood of the ultimate repayment of the loan and tends to increase the magnitude
of the real estate loan portfolio component. Generally, the Company limits its loan-to-value ratio to 80%. Management attempts
to maintain a conservative philosophy regarding its underwriting guidelines and believes it will reduce the risk elements of its
loan portfolio through strategies that diversify the lending mix. 

Loans held for sale consist of mortgage
loans originated by the Bank and sold into the secondary market. Commitments from investors to purchase the loans are obtained
upon origination. 

NONPERFORMING ASSETS 

Nonperforming assets are comprised of
loans for which the Company is no longer accruing interest, and foreclosed assets including mobile homes and OREO. If the Company
grants a concession to a borrower in financial difficulty, the loan falls into the category of a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ).
TDRs may be classified as either nonperforming or performing loans depending on their accrual status. The following table presents
comparative data for the Company s nonperforming assets and performing TDRs as of the dates noted: 

Nonperforming assets totaled $10.2 million
at March 31, 2016, an increase of $0.3 million compared to $10.5 million at December 31, 2015. The ALLL/total loans ratio was
0.87% at March 31, 2016 and 0.87% at December, 2015. Including valuation accounting adjustments on acquired loans, the total valuation
plus ALLL was 1.10% of loans at March 31, 2016. The ratio of annualized net charge-offs (recoveries) to total loans was (0.01%)
for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 compared to (0.002%) for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. As noted in our first quarter
2015 10-Q, the Company had been notified that a recovery of $941,000 was more likely than not expected during 2015. We received
the first installment during the second quarter of 2015 which totaled $481,000 and the second installment during the third quarter
of 2015 which totaled $241,000. The remaining balance of $219,000 is expected to be received in 2016. 

Non-performing Assets and Performing Troubled Debt Restructuring: 

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES 

The allowance for loan and lease losses,
a contra-asset, is established through a provision for loan and lease losses. It is maintained at a level that is considered adequate
to absorb probable losses on specifically identified impaired loans, as well as probable incurred losses inherent in the remaining
loan portfolio. Specifically, identifiable and quantifiable losses are immediately charged off against the allowance; recoveries
are generally recorded only when sufficient cash payments are received subsequent to the charge off. 

The table that follows summarizes the activity in the allowance
for loan and lease losses for the noted periods: 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

The Company maintains commitments to extend
credit in the normal course of business, as long as there are no violations of conditions established in the outstanding contractual
arrangements. Unused commitments to extend credit totaled $156 million at March 31, 2016 and $144 million at December 31, 2015,
although it is not likely that all of those commitments will ultimately be drawn down. Unused commitments represented approximately
19% of gross loans outstanding at March 31, 2016 and 19% at December 31, 2015, with the increase due in part to higher commitments
in commercial and industrial loans. The Company also had undrawn letters of credit issued to customers totaling $1 million at
March 31, 2016 and $1 million at December 31, 2015. The effect on the Company s revenues, expenses, cash flows and liquidity
from the unused portion of the commitments to provide credit cannot be reasonably predicted because there is no guarantee that
the lines of credit will ever be used. However, the  Liquidity  section in this Form 10-Q outlines resources available
to draw upon should we be required to fund a significant portion of unused commitments. For more information regarding the Company s
off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 8 to the financial statements located elsewhere herein. 

In addition to unused commitments to provide
credit, the Company is utilizing a $51 million letter of credit issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank on the Company s behalf
as security for certain deposits and to facilitate certain credit arrangements with the Company s customers as of March
31, 2016. That letter of credit is backed by loans which are pledged to the FHLB by the Company. 

OTHER ASSETS  

The Company s balance of non-interest
earning cash and due from banks was $32 million at March 31, 2016 and $24 million at December 31, 2015. The balance of cash and
due from banks depends on the timing of collection of outstanding cash items (checks), the level of cash maintained on hand at
our branches, and our reserve requirement among other things, and is subject to significant fluctuation in the normal course of
business. While cash flows are normally predictable within limits, those limits are fairly broad and the Company manages its short-term
cash position through the utilization of overnight loans to and borrowings from correspondent banks, including the Federal Reserve
Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank. Should a large  short  overnight position persist for any length of time, the
Company typically raises money through focused retail deposit gathering efforts or by adding brokered time deposits. If a  long 
position is prevalent, the Company will let brokered deposits or other wholesale borrowings roll off as they mature, or might
invest excess liquidity in higher-yielding, longer-term bonds. 

Net premises and equipment decreased by
$270,000, or 0.8%, during the first three months of 2016 due to the removal of obsolete equipment and the related depreciation
of certain equipment, furniture and fixtures. Company owned life insurance, with a balance of almost $15 million at March 31,
2016, is also discussed above in the  Non-Interest Income and Non-Interest Expense  section. Goodwill did not change
during the period, ending the first three months of 2016 with a balance of $14 million, but other intangible assets, namely the
Company s core deposit intangible, decreased by $101,000 due to amortization. The Company s goodwill and other intangible
assets are evaluated annually for potential impairment, and pursuant to that analysis Management has determined that no impairment
exists as of March 31, 2016. 

Other real estate increased $1.3 million,
or 41.5% during the first three months of 2016 due to entries for two loans. Based on current appraisals, the Company does not
expect to experience a loss on the disposition of the properties. Total equity securities increased $1.4 million during the first
three months due to an increase in FHLB stock. 

DEPOSITS
AND INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES   

DEPOSITS  

Deposits are another key balance sheet
component impacting the Company s net interest margin and other profitability metrics. Deposits provide liquidity to fund
growth in earning assets, and the Company s net interest margin is improved to the extent that growth in deposits is concentrated
in less volatile and typically less costly non-maturity deposits such as demand deposit accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts,
and money market demand accounts. Information concerning average balances and rates paid by deposit type for the three-month periods
ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 is included in the Average Balances and Rates tables appearing above, in the section titled  Net
Interest Income and Net Interest Margin.  A distribution of the Company s deposits showing the balance and percentage
of total deposits by type is presented for the noted periods in the following table. This information does not include  house
accounts  or demand deposits utilized for internal purposes. The balance of house accounts on March 31, 2016 was approximately
$5.8 million and $5.0 million for December 31, 2015. 

OTHER INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES 

The Company s non-deposit borrowings
may, at any given time, include fed funds purchased from correspondent banks, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, advances
from the Federal Reserve Bank, securities sold under agreement to repurchase, and/or junior subordinated debentures. The Company
uses short-term FHLB advances and fed funds purchased on uncommitted lines to support liquidity needs created by seasonal deposit
flows, to temporarily satisfy funding needs from increased loan demand, and for other short-term purposes. The FHLB line is committed,
but the amount of available credit depends on the level of pledged collateral. 

Total non-deposit interest-bearing liabilities
decreased by $31 million, or 26.0%, in the first three months of 2016, due to a reduction in notes payable to the Federal Home
Loan Bank and fed funds purchased. We had no overnight fed funds purchased at March 31, 2016, relative to $5.3 million in fed
funds purchased at December 31, 2015. Repurchase agreements remained unchanged for both periods at $5 million. Repurchase agreements
represent  sweep accounts , where commercial deposit balances above a specified threshold are transferred at the close
of each business day into non-deposit accounts secured by investment securities. The Company had junior subordinated debentures
totaling $10.3 million at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, in the form of long-term borrowings from trust subsidiaries formed
specifically to issue trust preferred securities. 

OTHER NON-INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES   

Other liabilities are principally comprised
of accrued interest payable, other accrued but unpaid expenses, and house accounts. Other liabilities remained steady at 4.1 million
at March 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. 

liquidity
and market RisK MANAGEMENT    

LIQUIDITY 

Liquidity management refers to the Company s
ability to maintain cash flows that are adequate to fund operations and meet other obligations and commitments in a timely and
cost-effective manner. Detailed cash flow projections are reviewed by Management on a monthly basis, with various scenarios applied
to assess our ability to meet liquidity needs under adverse conditions. Liquidity ratios are also calculated and reviewed on a
regular basis. While those ratios are merely indicators and are not measures of actual liquidity, they are closely monitored and
we are focused on maintaining adequate liquidity resources to draw upon should unexpected needs arise. 

The Company, on occasion, experiences
cash needs as the result of loan growth, deposit outflows, asset purchases or liability repayments. To meet short-term needs,
the Company can borrow overnight funds from other financial institutions, draw advances via Federal Home Loan Bank lines of credit,
or solicit brokered deposits if deposits are not immediately obtainable from local sources. The net available on lines of credit
from the FHLB totaled $261 million at March 31, 2016. Furthermore, funds can be obtained by drawing down the Company s correspondent
bank deposit accounts, or by liquidating unpledged investments or other readily saleable assets. In addition, the Company can
raise immediate cash for temporary needs by selling under agreement to repurchase those investments in its portfolio which are
not pledged as collateral. As of March 31, 2016, the market value of unpledged debt securities plus pledged securities in excess
of current pledging requirements comprised $44 million of the Company s investment balances, compared to $66 million at
December 31, 2015. The decrease in unpledged debt from March 2016 compared to December 2015 is primarily due to a seasonal increase
in public fund balances requiring collateralization. Other forms of balance sheet liquidity include but are not necessarily limited
to any outstanding fed funds sold and vault cash. The Company has a higher level of actual balance sheet liquidity than might
otherwise be the case, since we utilize a letter of credit from the FHLB rather than investment securities for certain pledging
requirements. That letter of credit, which is backed by loans that are pledged to the FHLB by the Company, totaled $51 million
at March 31, 2016. Management is of the opinion that available investments and other potentially liquid assets, along with the
standby funding sources it has arranged, are more than sufficient to meet the Company s current and anticipated short-term
liquidity needs. 

The Company s liquidity ratio
as of March 31, 2016 was 16.19%, as compared to internal policy guidelines of 10% minimum. Other liquidity ratios reviewed include
the following along with policy guidelines: 

Continued growth in core deposits and
relatively high levels of potentially liquid investments have had a positive impact on our liquidity position in recent periods,
but no assurance can be provided that our liquidity will continue at current robust levels. 

The holding company s primary
uses of funds are ordinary operating expenses, shareholder dividends and stock repurchases, and its primary source of funds is
dividends from the Bank since the holding company does not conduct regular banking operations. Management anticipates that the
Bank will have sufficient earnings to provide dividends to the holding company to meet its funding requirements for the foreseeable
future. Both the holding company and the Bank are subject to legal and regulatory limitations on dividend payments, as outlined
in Item 5(c) Dividends in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which was filed
with the SEC. 

INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT 

Market risk arises from changes
in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The Company does not engage in the trading of financial
instruments, nor does it have exposure to currency exchange rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily that of interest rate
risk, and we have established policies and procedures to monitor and limit our earnings and balance sheet exposure to changes
in interest rates. The principal objective of interest rate risk management is to manage the financial components of the Company s
balance sheet in a manner that will optimize the risk/reward equation for earnings and capital under a variety of interest rate
scenarios. 

To identify areas of potential
exposure to interest rate changes, we utilize commercially available modeling software to perform earnings simulations and calculate
the Company s market value of portfolio equity under varying interest rate scenarios every month. The model imports relevant
information for the Company s financial instruments and incorporates Management s assumptions on pricing, duration,
and optionality for anticipated new volumes. Various rate scenarios consisting of key rate and yield curve projections are then
applied in order to calculate the expected effect of a given interest rate change on interest income, interest expense, and the
value of the Company s financial instruments. The rate projections can be shocked (an immediate and parallel change in all
base rates, up or down), ramped (an incremental increase or decrease in rates over a specified time period), economic (based on
current trends and econometric models) or stable (unchanged from current actual levels). 

We use seven standard interest rate scenarios
in conducting our 12-month net interest income at risk simulations:  static,  upward shocks of 100, 200, 300 and 400
basis points, and downward shocks of 100, and 200 basis points. Pursuant to policy guidelines, we typically attempt to limit the
projected decline in net interest income relative to the stable rate scenario to no more than 5% for a 100 basis point (bp) interest
rate shock, 10% for a 200 bp shock, 15% for a 300 bp shock, and 20% for a 400 bp shock. As of March 31, 2016 the Company had the
following estimated net interest income sensitivity profile, without factoring in any potential negative impact on spreads resulting
from competitive pressures or credit quality deterioration: 

If there were an immediate and sustained
downward adjustment of 200 basis points in interest rates, all else being equal, net interest income over the next twelve months
would likely be around $1.4 million lower than in a stable interest rate scenario, for a negative variance of 3.84%. The unfavorable
variance increases if rates were to drop below 200 basis points, due to the fact that certain deposit rates are already relatively
low (on NOW accounts and savings accounts, for example), and will hit a natural floor of close to zero while non-floored variable-rate
loan yields continue to drop. This effect is exacerbated by accelerated prepayments on fixed-rate loans and mortgage-backed securities
when rates decline, although rate floors on some of our variable-rate loans partially offset other negative pressures. While we
view further interest rate reductions as highly unlikely, the potential percentage drop in net interest income exceeds our internal
policy guidelines in declining interest rate scenarios and we will continue to monitor our interest rate risk profile and take
corrective action as deemed appropriate. 

Net interest income would likely improve
by $863,000, or 2.24%, if interest rates were to increase by 200 basis points relative to a stable interest rate scenario, with
the favorable variance expanding the higher interest rates rise. The initial increase in rising rate scenarios will be limited
to some extent by the fact that some of our variable-rate loans are currently at rate floors, resulting in a re-pricing lag while
base rates are increasing to floored levels, but the Company still appears well-positioned to benefit from a material upward shift
in the yield curve. 

The Company s one year cumulative
GAP ratio is approximately 169.72%, which means that there are more assets repricing than liabilities within the first year. The
Company is  asset-sensitive.  These results are based on cash flows from assumptions of assets and liabilities that
reprice (maturities, likely calls, prepayments, etc.) Typically, the net interest income of asset-sensitive companies should improve
with rising rates and decrease with declining rates. 

In addition to the net interest income
simulations shown above, we run stress scenarios modeling the possibility of no balance sheet growth, the potential runoff of
 surge  core deposits which flowed into the Company in the most recent economic cycle, and potential unfavorable movement
in deposit rates relative to yields on earning assets. Even though net interest income will naturally be lower with no balance
sheet growth, the rate-driven variances projected for net interest income in a static growth environment are similar to the changes
noted above for our standard projections. When a greater level of non-maturity deposit runoff is assumed or unfavorable deposit
rate changes are factored into the model, projected net interest income in declining rate and flat rate scenarios does not change
materially relative to standard growth projections. However, the benefit we would otherwise experience in rising rate scenarios
is minimized and net interest income remains relatively flat. 

The economic value (or  fair value )
of financial instruments on the Company s balance sheet will also vary under the interest rate scenarios previously discussed.
The difference between the projected fair value of the Company s financial assets and the fair value of its financial liabilities
is referred to as the economic value of equity ( EVE ), and changes in EVE under different interest rate scenarios
are effectively a gauge of the Company s longer-term exposure to interest rate risk. Fair values for financial instruments
are estimated by discounting projected cash flows (principal and interest) at projected replacement interest rates for each account
type, while the fair value of non-financial accounts is assumed to equal their book value for all rate scenarios. An economic
value simulation is a static measure utilizing balance sheet accounts at a given point in time, and the measurement can change
substantially over time as the characteristics of the Company s balance sheet evolve and interest rate and yield curve assumptions
are updated. 

The change in economic value under different
interest rate scenarios depends on the characteristics of each class of financial instrument, including stated interest rates
or spreads relative to current or projected market-level interest rates or spreads, the likelihood of principal prepayments, whether
contractual interest rates are fixed or floating, and the average remaining time to maturity. As a general rule, fixed-rate financial
assets become more valuable in declining rate scenarios and less valuable in rising rate scenarios, while fixed-rate financial
liabilities gain in value as interest rates rise and lose value as interest rates decline. The longer the duration of the financial
instrument, the greater the impact a rate change will have on its value. In our economic value simulations, estimated prepayments
are factored in for financial instruments with stated maturity dates, and decay rates for non-maturity deposits are projected
based on historical patterns and Management s best estimates. The table below shows estimated changes in the Company s
market value of equity as of March 31, 2016, under different interest rate scenarios relative to a base case of current interest
rates: 

The table shows that our EVE will generally
deteriorate in declining rate scenarios, but should benefit from a parallel shift upward in the yield curve. As noted previously,
however, Management is of the opinion that the potential for a significant rate decline is low. We also run stress scenarios for
EVE to simulate the possibility of higher loan prepayment rates, unfavorable changes in deposit rates, and higher deposit decay
rates. Model results are highly sensitive to changes in assumed decay rates for non-maturity deposits, in particular. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES  

At March 31, 2016 the Company had total
stockholders  equity of $107.2 million, comprised of $5.4 million in common stock, $17 million in preferred stock, less
than one half a million in treasury stock, $45 million in surplus, $38 million in undivided profits, $2.4 million in accumulated
comprehensive income for available for sale securities. Total stockholders  equity at the end of 2015 was $103.4 million.
The increase of $3.8 million, or 4%, in stockholders  equity during the first three months of 2016 is comprised of capital
added via net earnings of $2.6 million, $1.4 million increase accumulated comprehensive income for available for sale securities,
offset by $204,000 in cash dividends paid. 

The Company uses a variety of measures
to evaluate its capital adequacy, including risk-based capital and leverage ratios that are calculated separately for the Company
and the Bank. Management reviews these capital measurements on a quarterly basis and takes appropriate action to help ensure that
they meet or surpass established internal and external guidelines. As permitted by the regulators for financial institutions that
are not deemed to be  advanced approaches  institutions, the Company has elected to opt out of the Basel III requirement
to include accumulated other comprehensive income in risk-based capital. 

The following table sets forth the Company s
and the Bank s regulatory capital ratios as of the dates indicated. 

* The numerator does not include Preferred Stock and Trust
Preferred. 

 ** The numerator includes Preferred Stock and Trust Preferred. 

Regulatory capital ratios slightly decreased
from December 31, 2015 to March 31, 2016 as asset growth outpaced capital formation. Our capital ratios remain very strong relative
to the median for peer financial institutions, and at March 31, 2016 were well above the threshold for the Company and the Bank
to be classified as  well capitalized,  the highest rating of the categories defined under the Bank Holding Company
Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991. We do not foresee any circumstances that would cause
the Company or the Bank to be less than well capitalized, although no assurance can be given that this will not occur 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM NO. 3  

  QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK  

The information concerning quantitative
and qualitative disclosures about market risk is included in Part I, Item 2 above. See  Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Market Risk Management.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM NO. 4  

  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of March 31, 2016, (the  Evaluation
Date ), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. As noted in the Explanatory Note above, the
failure to file on the Original 10-Q within the specified time period for  accelerated filers  as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 resulted from a misinterpretation of the affiliate status of certain shareholders,
and not due to any failure of disclosure controls and procedures. 

Changes in Internal Controls  

There have been no changes, significant
or otherwise, in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2016, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

The Company is involved in various legal
proceedings in the normal course of business. In the opinion of Management, any liability resulting from such proceedings would
not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operation. 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS   

There are no material changes in the Company s
risk factors since December 31, 2015. For additional information on risk factors refer to Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The First Bancshares, Inc., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30,
2016. 

ITEM 2: UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS    

Not applicable 

ITEM 3: DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

Not applicable 

ITEM 4: (REMOVED AND RESERVED)   

Item
5: Other Information    

Not applicable 

ITEM 6: EXHIBITS -    

(a) Exhibits 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.   

(Registrant)  

/s/ M. RAY (HOPPY)COLE, JR.  
 
     October 11, 2016 
       
     M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr.  
 
     (Date) 
       
     Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ DEE DEE LOWERY  
 
     October 11, 2016 
       
     Dee Dee Lowery, Executive  
 
     (Date) 
       
     Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450234_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certificate pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002-Chief Executive Officer 

I, M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of The
First Bancshares, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and
have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  
     October 11, 2016 
       
     /s/ M. Ray (Hoppy)Cole, Jr.  

M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The First Bancshares, Inc., and will
be retained by The First Bancshares, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450234_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certificate pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002-Principal Accounting and
Financial Officer 

I, DeeDee Lowery, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of The
First Bancshares, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  
     October 11, 2016 
       
     /s/ Dee Dee Lowery  

Dee Dee Lowery, Executive Vice  

President and Chief Financial  

Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The First Bancshares, Inc., and will
be retained by The First Bancshares, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450234_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section
1350 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of The
First Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended March 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr.  

Name: 
     M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr.  

Title: 
     Chief Executive Officer  

Date: 
     October 11, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The First Bancshares, Inc., and will
be retained by The First Bancshares, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company
for purposes of   18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450234_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350 

 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of The
First Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended March 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Dee Dee Lowery, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Dee Dee Lowery  

Name: 
     Dee Dee Lowery  

Title: 
     Executive Vice President and Chief  

Financial Officer  

Date: 
     October 11, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The First Bancshares, Inc., and will
be retained by The First Bancshares, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company
for purposes of   18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fbms-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fbms-20160331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fbms-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fbms-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fbms-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fbms-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

