<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1047170_0001144204-16-132599_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26096942</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>204014</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>738997</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7261263</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12405904</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5190400</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>149</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132599.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109102200
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132599
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EASTERN VIRGINIA BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001047170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				541866052
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23565
		FILM NUMBER:		161983049

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NUCKOLS ROAD,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 325,
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8045284765

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NUCKOLS ROAD,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 325,
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132599.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451022_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

   x       QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF   

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   

 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from             
 to               

Commission File Number: 000-23565 

EASTERN VIRGINIA
BANKSHARES, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

VIRGINIA  
      54-1866052   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

(804) 443-8400  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

330 Hospital Road, Tappahannock, Virginia
22560   

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer           
       
      Accelerated filer                        
      x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer       
            
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No   x  

The number of shares of the registrant s
Common Stock outstanding as of November 7, 2016 was 13,116,600. 

EASTERN VIRGINIA BANKSHARES, INC.  

INDEX  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

    Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (dollars in thousands, except share and
per share amounts)  

*Derived from audited consolidated financial
statements. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited)  

  (dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (unaudited)  

  (dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited)  

  (dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (unaudited)  

  (dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders 
Equity (unaudited)  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   

  (dollars in thousands)  

*For the purposes of this table, Preferred
Stock Series A includes the effect of the Warrant (prior to its repurchase by the Company during the second quarter of 2015) issued
in connection with the sale of the Preferred Stock Series A and the discount on such preferred stock. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)  

  (dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

EASTERN VIRGINIA BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (unaudited)  

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Principles of Consolidation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. (the  Company ) and its subsidiaries, EVB Statutory Trust I (the  Trust ),
which is unconsolidated, and EVB (the  Bank ) and its subsidiaries, are in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions
to Form 10-Q adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, these financial statements do
not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. Operating results for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
year ending December 31, 2016. These interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ). 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company, the Bank and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. In addition, the Company owns the Trust which is an unconsolidated subsidiary. The subordinated
debt owed to the Trust is reported as a liability of the Company. 

Nature of Operations  

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. is a bank holding
company that was organized and chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia on September 5, 1997 and commenced operations
on December 29, 1997. Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. was headquartered in Tappahannock, Virginia until October 2016 at which
time it relocated to Glen Allen, Virginia. The Company conducts its primary operations through its wholly-owned bank subsidiary,
EVB, which is headquartered in Tappahannock, Virginia. Two of EVB s three predecessor banks, Bank of Northumberland, Inc.
and Southside Bank, were established in 1910. The third bank, Hanover Bank, was established as a de novo bank in 2000. In April
2006, these three banks were merged and the surviving bank was re-branded as EVB. Additionally, the Company acquired Virginia
Company Bank ( VCB ) (see Note 2   Business Combinations) on November 14, 2014 and merged VCB with and into
the Bank, with the Bank surviving, thus adding three additional branches to the Bank located in Newport News, Williamsburg, and
Hampton. The Bank provides a full range of banking and related financial services to individuals and businesses through its network
of retail branches. With twenty-four retail branches, the Bank serves diverse markets that primarily are in the counties of Essex,
Gloucester, Hanover, Henrico, King and Queen, King William, Lancaster, Middlesex, New Kent, Northumberland, Southampton, Surry,
Sussex and the cities of Colonial Heights, Hampton, Newport News, Richmond and Williamsburg. The Bank also operates a loan production
office in Chesterfield County, Virginia, that the Bank opened during the second quarter of 2014. The Bank operates under a state
bank charter and as such is subject to regulation by the Virginia State Corporation Commission Bureau of Financial Institutions
(the  Bureau ) and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve Board ). 

The Bank owns EVB Financial Services, Inc., which
in turn has a 100% ownership interest in EVB Investments, Inc. EVB Investments, Inc. is a full-service brokerage firm offering
a comprehensive range of investment services. On May 15, 2014, the Bank acquired a 4.9% ownership interest in Southern Trust Mortgage,
LLC. Pursuant to an independent contractor agreement with Southern Trust Mortgage, LLC, the Company advises and consults with
Southern Trust Mortgage, LLC and facilitates the marketing and brand recognition of their mortgage business. In addition, the
Company provides Southern Trust Mortgage, LLC with offices at two retail branches in the Company s market area and access
to office equipment at these locations during normal business hours. For its services, the Company receives fixed monthly compensation
from Southern Trust Mortgage, LLC in the amount of $2 thousand, which is adjustable on a quarterly basis. 

The Bank had a 75% ownership interest in EVB
Title, LLC, which primarily sold title insurance to the mortgage loan customers of the Bank and EVB Mortgage, LLC. Effective January
2014, the Bank ceased operations of EVB Title, LLC due to low volume and profitability. On October 1, 2014, the Bank acquired
a 6.0% ownership interest in Bankers Title, LLC. Bankers Title, LLC is a multi-bank owned title agency providing a full range
of title insurance settlement and related financial services. The Bank has a 2.87% ownership interest in Bankers Insurance, LLC,
which primarily sells insurance products to customers of the Bank, and other financial institutions that have an equity interest
in the agency. The Bank also has a 100% ownership interest in Dunston Hall LLC, POS LLC, Tartan Holdings LLC and ECU-RE LLC which
were formed to hold the title to real estate acquired by the Bank upon foreclosure on property of real estate secured loans. The
financial position and operating results of all of these subsidiaries are not significant to the Company as a whole and are not
considered principal activities of the Company at this time. The Company s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market under the symbol  EVBS.  

Basis of Presentation  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly
susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, impairment of
loans, impairment of securities, the valuation of other real estate owned (or  OREO ), the projected benefit obligation
under the defined benefit pension plan, the valuation of deferred taxes, goodwill impairment and fair value of financial instruments.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are necessary for a fair
presentation of the results of operations in these interim financial statements, have been made. Certain prior year amounts have
been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. These reclassifications have no effect on previously reported net income. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial
Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern.   This update is intended to provide guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
Management is required under the new guidance to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the
financial statements are issued when preparing financial statements for each interim and annual reporting period. If conditions
or events are identified, the ASU specifies the process that must be followed by management and also clarifies the timing and
content of going concern footnote disclosures in order to reduce diversity in practice. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,
  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities.   The amendments in ASU 2016-01, among other things: 1) require equity investments (except those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2) require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring
the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; 3) require separate presentation of financial assets and financial
liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables); and 4) eliminate
the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value
that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
  Leases (Topic 842).   Among other things, in the amendments in ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize
the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: 1) a lease liability, which is
a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and 2) a right-of-use
asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease
term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where
necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments
in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating
leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of
the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any
transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply
a full retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,
  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting.   The amendments in this ASU eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity
method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment,
results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect
during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the
cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest
and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore,
upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. In addition, the
amendments in this ASU require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity
method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied
prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in
the adoption of the equity method. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-07 to have
a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Shares-Based Payment Accounting. 
 The amendments in this ASU simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including:
a) income tax consequences; b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and c) classification on the statement
of cash flows. The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

During June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. 
 The amendments in this ASU, among other things, require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets
held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial
institutions and other organizations will be required to use additional forward-looking information when determining their credit
loss estimates. It is anticipated that many of the loss estimation techniques currently applied will still be permitted, although
the inputs to those techniques are expected to change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU
amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for public companies that file reports with the SEC for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-13 will
have on its consolidated financial statements. 

During August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   to address
diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments
are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
fiscal years. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If retrospective
application is impractical for some of the issues addressed by the update, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively
as of the earliest date practicable. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not
expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2. Business Combinations  

On November 14, 2014, the Company completed
its acquisition of VCB. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated May 29, 2014, VCB's common shareholders received
for each share of VCB common stock they owned either (i) cash at a rate of $6.25 per share of VCB common stock, or approximately
$2.4 million in the aggregate, or (ii) the Company s common stock at a rate of 0.9259 shares of the Company s common
stock per share of VCB common stock, which totaled approximately $6.7 million based on the Company s closing common stock
price on November 14, 2014 of $6.27 per share. In addition, the Company purchased VCB s Series A Preferred Stock for $4.3
million. VCB was established in 2005 and was headquartered in Newport News, Virginia. VCB operated three branches, one each in
Hampton, Newport News and Williamsburg, Virginia. Additional information regarding this acquisition is included in the Company s
2015 Form 10-K. 

The net effect of the amortization and accretion
of premiums and discounts associated with the Company s acquisition accounting adjustments to assets acquired and liabilities
assumed from VCB had the following impact on the consolidated statements of income during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1) Loan discount accretion is included in
the  Interest and fees on loans  section of  Interest and Dividend Income  in the consolidated statements
of income. 

 (2) Core deposit intangible premium amortization
is included in the  Other operating expenses  section of  Noninterest Expenses  in the consolidated statements
of income. 

 (3) Time deposit premium amortization is included
in the  Deposits  section of  Interest Expense  in the consolidated statements of income. 

Note 3. Investment Securities  

The amortized cost and estimated fair value,
with gross unrealized gains and losses, of investment securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

*The combined unrealized gains on these securities
were less than $1. 

*The combined unrealized gains on these securities
were less than $1. 

*Represents the net unrealized holding loss
at the date of transfer from available for sale to held to maturity, net of any accretion. 

*Represents the net unrealized holding loss
at the date of transfer from available for sale to held to maturity, net of any accretion. 

There were no investment securities classified
as  Trading  at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company transferred
investment securities with an amortized cost of $35.5 million, previously designated as  Available for Sale , to  Held
to Maturity  classification. The fair value of those investment securities as of the date of the transfer was $34.5 million,
reflecting a gross unrealized loss of $994 thousand. The gross unrealized loss, net of tax at the time of transfer remained in
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and is being accreted over the remaining life of the investment securities as an
adjustment to interest income. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company s mortgage-backed
investment securities consisted of commercial and residential mortgage-backed investment securities. The Company s mortgage-backed
investment securities are all backed by an Agency of the U.S. government and rated Aaa and AA+ by Moody and S P, respectively,
with no subprime issues. 

The amortized cost, carrying value and fair value
of investment securities at September 30, 2016, by the earlier of contractual maturity or expected maturity, are shown below.
Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without
penalties. 

The following table presents the gross realized
gains and losses on the sale of investment securities available for sale and proceeds from the sale of investment securities available
for sale during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns
of investment securities available for sale for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $25.2 million and $18.4
million, respectively. Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of investment securities held to maturity for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $900 thousand and $1.4 million, respectively. 

The following table presents the gross realized
gains on the sale of investment securities held to maturity and proceeds from the sale of investment securities held to maturity
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company pledges investment securities to
secure public deposits, balances with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond (the  Reserve Bank ) and repurchase agreements.
Investment securities with an aggregate book value of $41.6 million and an aggregate fair value of $43.0 million were pledged
at September 30, 2016. Investment securities with both aggregate book and fair values of $88.0 million were pledged at December
31, 2015. 

Investment securities in an unrealized loss
position at September 30, 2016, by duration of the period of the unrealized loss, are shown below: 

The Company reviews the investment securities
portfolio on a quarterly basis to monitor its exposure to other-than-temporary impairment that may result due to adverse economic
conditions and associated credit deterioration. A determination as to whether an investment security s decline in market
value is other-than-temporary takes into consideration numerous factors and the relative significance of any single factor can
vary by security. Some factors the Company may consider in the other-than-temporary impairment analysis include the length of
time the security has been in an unrealized loss position, changes in security ratings, financial condition of the issuer, as
well as security and industry specific economic conditions. In addition, the Company may also evaluate payment structure, whether
there are defaulted payments or expected defaults, prepayment speeds, and the value of any underlying collateral. For certain
investment securities in unrealized loss positions, the Company will enlist independent third-party firms to prepare cash flow
analyses to compare the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the investment security with the amortized cost
basis of the investment security. 

Based on the Company s evaluation, management
does not believe any unrealized losses at September 30, 2016, represent an other-than-temporary impairment as these unrealized
losses are primarily attributable to current financial market conditions for these types of investments, particularly changes
in interest rates, and are not attributable to credit deterioration. Interest rates have generally declined since December 31,
2015, which has caused the fair values of our investments to generally increase thereby reducing the amount of unrealized losses
present at that time. At September 30, 2016, there were 64 debt investment securities with fair values totaling $85.2 million
considered temporarily impaired. Of these debt investment securities, 37 with fair values totaling $51.2 million were in an unrealized
loss position of less than 12 months and 27 with fair values totaling $33.9 million were in an unrealized loss position of 12
months or more. Because the Company intends to hold these investments in debt securities until recovery of the amortized cost
basis and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these investment securities before a recovery
of unrealized losses, the Company does not consider these investment securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September
30, 2016 and no impairment has been recognized. At September 30, 2016, there were no equity investment securities in an unrealized
loss position. 

Investment securities in an unrealized loss position
at December 31, 2015, by duration of the period of the unrealized loss, are shown below: 

The Company s investment in Federal
Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ) stock totaled $6.6 million and $5.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. FHLB stock is generally viewed as a long-term investment and as a restricted investment security,
which is carried at cost, because there is no market for the stock other than the FHLBs or member institutions. Therefore,
when evaluating FHLB stock for impairment, its value is based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by
recognizing temporary declines in value. Because the FHLB generated positive net income for each quarterly period beginning
October 1, 2015, and ending September 30, 2016, the Company does not consider this investment to be other-than-temporarily
impaired at September 30, 2016 and no impairment has been recognized. FHLB stock is included in a separate line item on the
consolidated balance sheets (Restricted securities, at cost) and is not part of the Company s investment securities
portfolio. The Company s restricted securities also include investments in the Reserve Bank and Community Bankers Bank
totaling $3.0 million at both September 30, 2016 and  December 31, 2015, which are carried at cost. 

Note 4. Loan Portfolio  

The following table sets forth the composition
of the Company s loan portfolio in dollar amounts and as a percentage of the Company s total gross loans at the dates
indicated: 

Deferred costs and (fees), net are included in
the table above and totaled $1.7 million and $1.6 million for September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table presents the aging of
the recorded investment in past due loans as of September 30, 2016 by class of loans: 

*For purposes of this table only, the  Total
Current  column includes loans that are 1-29 days past due. 

The following table presents the aging of
the recorded investment in past due loans as of December 31, 2015 by class of loans: 

*For purposes of this table only, the  Total
Current  column includes loans that are 1-29 days past due. 

The following table presents nonaccrual loans,
loans past due 90 days and accruing interest and troubled debt restructurings (accruing) at the dates indicated: 

At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
there were approximately $1.3 million in troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) included in nonaccrual loans. 

The past due status of a loan is based on the
contractual due date of the most delinquent payment due. Loans, including impaired loans, are generally classified as nonaccrual
if they are past due as to maturity or payment of principal or interest for a period of more than 90 days, unless such loans are
well-secured and in the process of collection. Loans greater than 90 days past due may remain on an accrual status if management
determines it has adequate collateral to cover the principal and interest. If a loan or a portion of a loan is adversely classified,
or is partially charged off, the loan is generally classified as nonaccrual. Additionally, whenever management becomes aware of
facts or circumstances that may adversely impact the collectability of principal or interest on loans, it is management s
practice to place such loans on a nonaccrual status immediately, rather than delaying such action until the loans become 90 days
past due. 

When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, previously
accrued and uncollected interest is reversed, and the amortization of related deferred loan fees or costs is suspended. While
a loan is classified as nonaccrual and the future collectability of the recorded loan balance is doubtful, collections of interest
and principal are generally applied as a reduction to principal outstanding. When the future collectability of the recorded loan
balance is expected, interest income may be recognized on a cash basis. In the case where a nonaccrual loan has been partially
charged off, recognition of interest on a cash basis is limited to that which would have been recognized on the recorded loan
balance at the contractual interest rate. Cash interest receipts in excess of that amount are recorded as recoveries to the allowance
for loan losses until prior charge-offs have been fully recovered. These policies are applied consistently across our loan portfolio. 

A loan (including a TDR) may be returned to accrual
status if the borrower has demonstrated a sustained period of repayment performance (typically six months) in accordance with
the contractual terms of the loan and there is reasonable assurance the borrower will continue to make payments as agreed. 

Outstanding principal balance and the carrying
amount of loans acquired pursuant to the Company s acquisition of VCB (or  Acquired Loans ) that were recorded
at fair value at the acquisition date and are included in the consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 were as follows: 

The following table presents the recorded investment
in nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days and accruing interest by class at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company uses a risk grading system for real
estate (including multifamily residential, construction, farmland and non-farm, non-residential) and commercial loans. Loans are
graded on a scale from 1 to 9. Non-impaired real estate and commercial loans are assigned an allowance factor which increases
with the severity of risk grading. A general description of the characteristics of the risk grades is as follows: 

Pass Grades  

Risk
                                         Grade 1 loans have little or no risk and are generally secured by cash or cash equivalents; 

Risk
                                         Grade 2 loans have minimal risk to well qualified borrowers and no significant questions
                                         as to safety; 

Risk
                                         Grade 3 loans are satisfactory loans with strong borrowers and secondary sources of repayment; 

Risk
                                         Grade 4 loans are satisfactory loans with borrowers not as strong as risk grade 3 loans
                                         but may exhibit a higher degree of financial risk based on the type of business supporting
                                         the loan; and   

Risk
                                         Grade 5 loans are loans that warrant more than the normal level of supervision and have
                                         the possibility of an event occurring that may weaken the borrower s ability to
                                         repay.   

Special Mention  

Risk
                                         Grade 6 loans have increasing potential weaknesses beyond those at which the loan originally
                                         was granted and if not addressed could lead to inadequately protecting the Company s
                                         credit position.   

Classified Grades  

Risk
                                         Grade 7 loans are substandard loans and are inadequately protected by the current sound
                                         worth or paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral pledged. These have well defined
                                         weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt with the distinct possibility
                                         the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected;   

Risk
                                         Grade 8 loans are doubtful of collection and the possibility of loss is high but pending
                                         specific borrower plans for recovery, its classification as a loss is deferred until
                                         its more exact status is determined; and   

Risk
                                         Grade 9 loans are loss loans which are considered uncollectable and of such little value
                                         that their continuance as a bank asset is not warranted.   

The Company uses a past due grading system for
consumer loans, including one to four family residential first and seconds and home equity lines. The past due status of a loan
is based on the contractual due date of the most delinquent payment due. The past due grading of consumer loans is based on the
following categories: current, 1-29 days past due, 30-59 days past due, 60-89 days past due and over 90 days past due. The consumer
loans are segregated between performing and nonperforming loans. Performing loans are those that have made timely payments in
accordance with the terms of the loan agreement and are not past due 90 days or more. Nonperforming loans are those that do not
accrue interest, are greater than 90 days past due and accruing interest or considered impaired. Non-impaired consumer loans are
assigned an allowance factor which increases with the severity of past due status. This component of the allowance reflects the
margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses
in the loan portfolio. 

The allocation methodology applied by the Company
includes management s ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio into criticized loan categories (defined as specific
loans warranting either specific allocation, or a classified status of substandard, doubtful or loss). The allocation methodology
focuses on evaluation of several factors, including but not limited to: evaluation of facts and issues related to specific loans,
management s ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio, consideration of migration analysis tracking movement of
loans through past due classifications and delinquency experience on each portfolio category, trends in past due and nonaccrual
loans, the level of classified loans, the risk characteristics of the various classifications of loans, changes in the size and
character of the loan portfolio, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries, existing economic conditions, the
fair value of underlying collateral, and other qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect potential credit losses.
Because each of the criteria used is subject to change, the allocation of the allowance for loan losses is made for analytical
purposes and is not necessarily indicative of the trend of future loan losses in any particular loan category. The total allowance
is available to absorb losses from any segment of the portfolio. In determining the allowance for loan losses, the Company considers
its portfolio segments and loan classes to be the same. 

The following table presents commercial loans
by credit quality indicator at September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents commercial loans
by credit quality indicator at December 31, 2015: 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company did not have any loans classified as Doubtful or Loss. 

The following table presents consumer loans,
including one to four family residential first and seconds and home equity lines, by payment activity at September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents consumer loans,
including one to four family residential first and seconds and home equity lines, by payment activity at December 31, 2015: 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The Company measures impaired loans based on the
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate of the loan or, as a practical expedient,
at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The Company
maintains a valuation allowance to the extent that the measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment. TDRs
are considered impaired loans. TDRs occur when we agree to modify the original terms of a loan by granting a concession due to
the deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. These concessions can be temporary and are made in an attempt to
avoid foreclosure and with the intent to restore the loan to a performing status once sufficient payment history can be demonstrated.
These concessions could include, without limitation, rate reductions to below market rates, payment deferrals, forbearance, and,
in some cases, forgiveness of principal or interest. 

At the time of a TDR, the loan is placed on nonaccrual
status. A loan (including a TDR) may be returned to accrual status if the borrower has demonstrated a sustained period of repayment
performance (typically six months) in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan and there is reasonable assurance the
borrower will continue to make payments as agreed. 

The following table presents a rollforward of
the Company s allowance for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents a rollforward
of the Company s allowance for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the balance in the
allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio class based on impairment method as of September 30,
2016: 

The following table presents the balance in the
allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio class based on impairment method as of December 31,
2015: 

The following table presents loans individually
evaluated for impairment by class of loans as of September 30, 2016: 

*PCI loans are excluded from this table. 

The following table presents loans individually
evaluated for impairment by class of loans as of December 31, 2015: 

*PCI loans are excluded from this table. 

Determining the fair value of purchased credit-impaired
( PCI ) loans required the Company to estimate cash flows expected to result from those loans and to discount those
cash flows at appropriate rates of interest. For such loans, the excess of the cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated
fair value is recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans and is called the accretable yield. The difference
between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is the nonaccretable
difference and is not recorded. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company did not  carry over  any allowances for
loan losses that were reserved for the VCB loan portfolio prior to the Company s acquisition of VCB. PCI loans had unpaid
principal balances of $8.5 million and $8.8 million and recorded carrying values of $7.6 million and $7.9 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table presents a summary of
the changes in the accretable yield of the PCI loan portfolio for the periods indicated: 

The following table presents, by loan class,
information related to loans modified as TDRs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016            
      Three Months Ended September 30, 2015        

Pre-            
      Post-            
                   
      Pre-            
      Post-        

Modification            
      Modification            
                   
      Modification            
      Modification        

Number of            
      Recorded            
      Recorded            
      Number of            
      Recorded            
      Recorded        
 
      (dollars in thousands)       
      Loans            
      Balance            
      Balance*            
      Loans            
      Balance            
      Balance*        
 
      Real estate - non-farm, non-residential:       

Owner occupied       
           1            
      $    32            
      $    32            
           -            
      $    -            
      $    -        
 
      Total       
           1            
      $    32            
      $    32            
           -            
      $    -            
      $    -        

*The period end balances are inclusive of
all partial paydowns and charge-offs since the modification date. Loans modified as TDRs that were fully paid down, charged-off,
or foreclosed upon by period end are not reported. 

The following table presents, by loan class,
information related to loans modified as TDRs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016            
      Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015        

Pre-            
      Post-            
                   
      Pre-            
      Post-        

Modification            
      Modification            
                   
      Modification            
      Modification        

Number of            
      Recorded            
      Recorded            
      Number of            
      Recorded            
      Recorded        
 
      (dollars in thousands)       
      Loans            
      Balance            
      Balance*            
      Loans            
      Balance            
      Balance*        
 
      Commercial, industrial and agricultural       
           1            
      $    68            
      $    68            
           -            
      $    -            
      $    -        
 
      Real estate - one to four family residential:       

Closed end first and seconds       
           5            
           640            
           640            
           -            
           -            
           -        
 
      Real estate - non-farm, non-residential:       

Owner occupied       
           1            
           32            
           32            
           -            
           -            
           -        
 
      Total       
           7            
      $    740            
      $    740            
           -            
      $    -            
      $    -        

*The period end balances are inclusive of
all partial paydowns and charge-offs since the modification date. Loans modified as TDRs that were fully paid down, charged-off,
or foreclosed upon by period end are not reported. 

The following tables present, by loan class,
information related to the loans modified as TDRs that subsequently defaulted (i.e., 90 days or more past due following a modification)
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and were modified as TDRs within the 12 months prior to default: 

Three Months Ended       
     Three Months Ended     

September 30, 2016       
     September 30, 2015     

Number of       
     Recorded       
     Number of       
     Recorded     
 
     (dollars in thousands)    
     Loans       
     Balance       
     Loans       
     Balance     
 
     Real estate - one to four family residential:    

Closed end first and seconds    
        1       
     $  39       
        -       
     $  -     
 
     Total    
        1       
     $  39       
        -       
     $  -     

At September 30, 2016, $1.5 million in foreclosed
residential real estate properties were included in OREO, and $1.3 million in residential real estate loans were in the process
of foreclosure. 

Note 5. Deferred Income Taxes  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had recorded net deferred income tax assets of approximately $11.2 million and $15.1 million, respectively. The realization
of deferred income tax assets is assessed quarterly and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is  more likely than not 
that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  More likely than not  is defined as greater
than a 50% chance. Management considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the
weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed.  Management s assessment is primarily dependent on historical
taxable income and projections of future taxable income, which are directly related to the Company s core earnings capacity
and its prospects to generate core earnings in the future.  Projections of core earnings and taxable income are inherently
subject to uncertainty and estimates that may change given the uncertain economic outlook, banking industry conditions and other
factors. Further, management has considered future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and limited, prudent and
feasible tax-planning strategies, such as changes in investment security income (tax-exempt to taxable), additional sales of loans
and sales of branches/buildings with an appreciated asset value over the tax basis. Based upon an analysis of available evidence,
management has determined that it is  more likely than not  that the Company s deferred income tax assets as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 will be fully realized and therefore no valuation allowance to the Company s
deferred income tax assets was recorded. However, the Company can give no assurance that in the future its deferred income tax
assets will not be impaired because such determination is based on projections of future earnings and the possible effect of certain
transactions which are subject to uncertainty and based on estimates that may change due to changing economic conditions and other
factors.  Due to the uncertainty of estimates and projections, it is possible that the Company will be required to record
adjustments to the valuation allowance in future reporting periods. 

The Company s ability to realize its deferred
income tax assets may be limited if the Company experiences an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ). For additional information see Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
included in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. 

Note 6.
Bank Premises and Equipment  

Bank premises
and equipment are summarized as follows: 

Depreciation and amortization of bank premises
and equipment for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $1.9 million. 

Note 7. Borrowings  

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements.
 The Company has unsecured lines of credit with SunTrust Bank, Community Bankers Bank and Pacific Coast Bankers Bank for the
purchase of federal funds in the amount of $20.0 million, $15.0 million and $5.0 million, respectively. These lines of credit
have a variable rate based on the lending bank s daily federal funds sold rate and are due on demand. Repurchase agreements
are secured transactions and generally mature the day following the day sold. Customer repurchases are standard transactions that
involve a Bank customer instead of a wholesale bank or broker. The Company offers this product as an accommodation to larger retail
and commercial customers that request safety for their funds beyond the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC )
deposit insurance limits. The Company does not use or have any open repurchase agreements with broker-dealers. 

The tables below present selected information
on federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December
31, 2015: 

Short-term borrowings.  Short-term borrowings
consist of advances from the FHLB, which are secured by a blanket floating lien on all qualifying closed-end and revolving open-end
loans that are secured by one to four family residential properties. Short-term advances from the FHLB at September 30, 2016 consisted
of $13.1 million using a daily rate credit, which is due on demand, and $114.1 million in fixed rate one month advances. Short-term
advances from the FHLB at December 31, 2015 consisted of $114.4 million in fixed rate one month advances. Outstanding accrued
interest at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled $28 thousand and $14 thousand, respectively. 

The table below presents selected information
on short-term borrowings during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015: 

Long-term borrowings.  From time to time,
the Company may obtain long-term borrowings from the FHLB, which consist of advances from the FHLB that are secured by a blanket
floating lien on all qualifying closed-end and revolving open-end loans that are secured by one to four family residential properties.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no long-term FHLB advances outstanding. 

The Company s line of credit with the FHLB
can equal up to 30% of the Company s gross assets or approximately $388.3 million at September 30, 2016. This line of credit
totaled $225.3 million with approximately $98.2 million available at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, loans with a carrying value of $303.3 million and $307.2 million, respectively, are pledged to the FHLB as collateral
for borrowings. Additional loans are available that can be pledged as collateral for future borrowings from the FHLB above the
current lendable collateral value. 

Note 8. Net Income Per Common Share 

The Company applies the two-class method of computing
basic and diluted net income per common share.  Under the two-class method, net income per common share is determined for
each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed
earnings.  Based on FASB guidance, the Company considers its Series B Preferred Stock (defined below) to be a participating
security. FASB guidance requires that all outstanding unvested share-based payment awards that contain voting rights and rights
to nonforfeitable dividends participate in undistributed earnings with common shareholders.  Accordingly, the weighted average
number of shares of the Company s common stock used in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per common share
includes unvested shares of the Company s outstanding restricted common stock. 

The following
tables show the computation of basic and diluted net income per common share for the periods presented:   

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, options to acquire
65,775 and 71,525 shares of common stock, respectively, were not included in computing diluted net income per common share for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because their effects were anti-dilutive. 

On June 12, 2013, the Company issued 5,240,192
shares of non-voting mandatorily convertible non-cumulative preferred stock, Series B (the  Series B Preferred Stock )
through private placements to certain investors. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock can, under certain limited circumstances
as set forth in the Company s articles of incorporation, be converted into one share of the Company s common stock,
and is therefore reflected in the dilutive weighted average common shares outstanding. For more information related to the conversion
rights of these preferred shares, see Note 12   Preferred Stock and Warrant. 

Additionally, the impact of warrants to acquire
shares of the Company s common stock that were issued to the U.S. Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) in
connection with the Company s participation in the Capital Purchase Program is not included, as the warrants were anti-dilutive.
As previously disclosed, these warrants were repurchased by the Company during May 2015. For additional information on preferred
stock warrants, see Note 12   Preferred Stock and Warrant. 

Note 9. Stock Based Compensation Plans  

On September 21, 2000, the Company adopted the
Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan (the  2000 Plan ) to provide a means for selected key employees
and directors to increase their personal financial interest in the Company, thereby stimulating their efforts and strengthening
their desire to remain with the Company. Under the 2000 Plan, up to 400,000 shares of Company common stock could be granted in
the form of stock options. On April 17, 2003, the shareholders approved the Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive
Plan, amending and restating the 2000 Plan (the  2003 Plan ) and still authorizing the issuance of up to 400,000 shares
of common stock under the plan, but expanding the award types available under the plan to include stock options, stock appreciation
rights, common stock, restricted stock and phantom stock. No additional awards may be granted under the 2003 Plan. Any awards
previously granted under the 2003 Plan that were outstanding as of April 17, 2013 remain outstanding and will vest in accordance
with their regular terms. 

On April 19, 2007, the Company s shareholders
approved the Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. 2007 Equity Compensation Plan (the  2007 Plan ) to enhance the Company s
ability to recruit and retain officers, directors, employees, consultants and advisors with ability and initiative and to encourage
such persons to have a greater financial interest in the Company. Under the 2007 Plan, the Company could issue up to 400,000 additional
shares of common stock pursuant to grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, common stock, restricted stock, performance
shares, incentive awards and stock units. No additional awards may be granted under the 2007 Plan. Any awards previously granted
under the 2007 Plan that were outstanding as of May 19, 2016 remain outstanding and will vest in accordance with their regular
terms. 

On May 19, 2016, the Company s shareholders
approved the Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (the  2016 Plan ) to promote the success
of the Company by providing incentives to key employees, non-employee directors, consultants and advisors to associate their personal
interests with the long-term financial success of the Company and with growth in shareholder value consistent with the Company s
risk management practices. The 2016 Plan authorizes the Company to issue up to 500,000 additional shares of common stock pursuant
to stock options, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, performance units and performance cash awards.
There were 484,232 shares still available to be granted as awards under the 2016 Plan as of September 30, 2016. 

Accounting standards require companies to recognize
the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments, such as stock options, based on the fair
value of those awards at the date of grant. 

Accounting standards also require that new awards
to employees eligible for accelerated vesting at retirement prior to the awards becoming fully vested be recognized as compensation
cost over the period through the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire and is no longer required to provide
service to earn the award. 

Stock option compensation expense is the estimated
fair value of options granted, amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each stock option award.
There were no stock options granted or exercised in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. There was no remaining
unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options at September 30, 2016, and there was no stock option compensation expense
for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

A summary of the Company s stock option
activity and related information is as follows: 

*Intrinsic value is the amount by which the
fair value of the underlying common stock exceeds the exercise price of a stock option on exercise date. 

The table below summarizes information concerning
stock options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016: 

*These options expired on October 1, 2016. 

On April 29, 2016, the Company granted 6,500
shares of restricted stock under the 2007 Plan to various senior officers of the Bank. All of the shares are subject to time vesting
over a one-year period and will vest on April 29, 2017. On March 24, 2016, the Company granted 65,000 shares of restricted stock
under the 2007 Plan to its executive officers. Fifty percent (50%) of the shares are subject to time vesting in five equal annual
installments beginning on March 31, 2017.  The remaining fifty percent (50%) of the shares are subject to performance vesting
and will vest on March 31, 2019 to the extent certain financial performance requirements for fiscal year 2018 are met. On March
19, 2015, the Company granted 45,000 shares of restricted stock under the 2007 Plan to its executive officers. Fifty percent (50%)
of the shares are subject to time vesting in five equal annual installments beginning on March 31, 2016.  The remaining fifty
percent (50%) of the shares are subject to performance vesting and will vest on March 31, 2018 to the extent certain financial
performance requirements for fiscal year 2017 are met. On October 15, 2014, the Company granted 42,500 shares of restricted stock
under the 2007 Plan to its executive officers.  Fifty percent (50%) of the shares are subject to time vesting in five equal
annual installments beginning on March 31, 2015.  The remaining fifty percent (50%) of the shares are subject to performance
vesting and will vest on March 31, 2017 to the extent certain financial performance requirements for fiscal year 2016 are met. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, restricted stock compensation expense was $95 thousand and $247 thousand, respectively, compared to restricted stock
compensation expense of $61 thousand and $175 thousand, respectively, for the same periods in 2015, and in each case was included
in salaries and employee benefits expense in the consolidated statements of income. Restricted stock compensation expense is accounted
for using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date the restricted shares were awarded, which was $7.00 per
share for the April 29, 2016 awards, $6.80 per share for the March 24, 2016 awards, $6.28 per share for the March 19, 2015 awards
and $6.10 per share for the October 15, 2014 awards. 

A summary of the status of the Company s
nonvested shares in relation to the Company s restricted stock awards as of September 30, 2016, and changes during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, is presented below; the weighted average price is the weighted average fair value at the date
of grant: 

At September 30, 2016, there was $733 thousand
of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. This unearned compensation is being amortized over
the remaining vesting period for the time and performance based shares. 

Note 10. Employee Benefit Plan  
Pension 

The Company
historically maintained a defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all of the Company s employees. The plan was
amended January 28, 2008 to freeze the plan with no additional contributions for a majority of participants. Employees age 55
or greater or with 10 years of credited service were grandfathered in the plan. No additional participants have been added to
the plan. The plan was again amended February 28, 2011 to freeze the plan with no additional contributions for grandfathered participants.
Benefits for all participants have remained frozen in the plan since such action was taken. Effective January 1, 2012, the plan
was amended and restated as a cash balance plan. Under a cash balance plan, participant benefits are stated as an account balance.
An opening account balance was established for each participant based on the lump sum value of his or her accrued benefit as of
December 31, 2011 in the original defined benefit pension plan. Each participants  account will be credited with an  interest 
credit each year. The interest rate for each year is determined as the average annual interest rate on the 2 year U.S. Treasury
securities for the month of December preceding the plan year. Components of net periodic pension expense (benefit) related to
the Company s pension plan were as follows for the periods indicated:  

The Company made no contributions to the pension
plan during 2015. The Company has not determined at this time how much, if any, contributions to the plan will be made for the
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Note 11. Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that
would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for
the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. U.S. GAAP requires that
valuation techniques maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. U.S. GAAP also establishes
a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the valuation inputs into three broad levels. Based on the underlying inputs, each fair
value measurement in its entirety is reported in one of the three levels. These levels are: 

*   Level
                                         1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments
                                         traded in active markets.   

*   Level
                                         2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets,
                                         quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
                                         model based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable
                                         in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the
                                         full term of the assets or liabilities.   

*   Level
                                         3   Valuation is determined using model-based techniques with significant assumptions
                                         not observable in the market.   

U.S. GAAP allows an entity the irrevocable option
to elect fair value (the fair value option) for the initial and subsequent measurement for certain financial assets and liabilities
on a contract-by-contract basis. The Company has not made any fair value option elections as of September 30, 2016. 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation
hierarchy. 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis   

Securities Available For Sale . Securities
available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted market prices,
when available (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation
techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by
observable market data. Third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical
or similar securities by using pricing models that consider observable market data (Level 2). In certain cases where there is
limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation
hierarchy. Currently, all of the Company s available for sale securities are considered to be Level 2 securities. 

The following table summarizes financial assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated by the level of the valuation
inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring
Basis   

Certain assets are measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from the application of fair
value accounting or impairment write-downs of individual assets. 

Impaired Loans.  Loans are designated as
impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according
to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected when due. The measurement of loss associated with impaired
loans can be based on either the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral. Collateral may be in
the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable. The vast majority of the collateral
is real estate. The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation approach based on an
appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Company using observable market data (Level 2). However,
if the collateral value is significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable properties, or is discounted by the Company
because of marketability, then the fair value is considered Level 3. 

The value of business equipment is based upon
an outside appraisal if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable business  financial statements if not
considered significant. Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances
or aging reports (Level 3). Impaired loans allocated to the allowance for loan losses are measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan losses on the consolidated statements
of income.    

Other Real Estate Owned.  OREO is measured
at fair value less cost to sell, based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Company
using observable market data (Level 2). If the collateral value is significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable
properties, or is discounted by the Company because of marketability, then the fair value is considered Level 3. OREO is measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Any initial fair value adjustment is charged against the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent
fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred and included in other noninterest expense on the consolidated statements
of income. 

The following table summarizes assets measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated by the level of the valuation
inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

: 

The following tables display quantitative information
about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Quantitative
    information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2016   

(dollars in thousands)       
      Fair Value            
      Valuation Technique(s)       
      Unobservable Input       
      Range (Weighted Average)   
 
      Assets       

Impaired loans       
      $    9,690            
      Discounted appraised value       
      Selling cost       
      0% - 93% (12%)   

Discount for lack of  
marketability and age  
of appraisal       
      0% - 25% (8%)   

Other real estate owned       
      $    1,534            
      Discounted appraised value       
      Selling cost       
      10% (10%)   

Discount for lack of  
marketability and age  
of appraisal       
      0% - 47% (12%)   

Quantitative
    information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2015   

(dollars in thousands)       
      Fair Value            
      Valuation Technique(s)       
      Unobservable Input       
      Range (Weighted Average)   
 
      Assets       

Impaired loans       
      $    15,394            
      Discounted appraised value       
      Selling cost       
      0% - 24% (13%)   

Discount for lack of  
marketability and age  
of appraisal       
      0% - 30% (4%)   

Other real estate owned       
      $    520            
      Discounted appraised value       
      Selling cost       
      10% (10%)   

Discount for lack of  
marketability and age  
of appraisal       
      0% - 36% (5%)   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

U.S. GAAP requires disclosure of the fair value
of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured
and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis. The methodologies and assumptions for estimating the fair
value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis are
discussed above. The methodologies and assumptions for other financial assets and financial liabilities are discussed below: 

Cash and Short-Term Investments.    For
those short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Investment Securities.    For securities
and marketable equity securities held for investment purposes, fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes.
For other securities held as investments, fair value equals quoted market price, if available. If a quoted market price is not
available, fair value is estimated using quoted prices for similar securities. All securities prices are provided by independent
third party vendors. 

Restricted Securities.    The carrying
amount approximates fair value based on the redemption provisions of the correspondent banks.    

Loans.    The fair value of performing
loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers
with similar remaining maturities. This calculation ignores loan fees and certain factors affecting the interest rates charged
on various loans such as the borrower s creditworthiness and compensating balances and dissimilar types of real estate held
as collateral. The fair value of impaired loans is measured as described within the Impaired Loans section of this note.    

Bank Owned Life Insurance.    Bank
owned life insurance represents insurance policies on officers of the Company. The cash values of the policies are estimated using
information provided by insurance carriers. The policies are carried at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value. 

Deposits.    The fair value of demand
deposits, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair
value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using market rates for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

Short-Term Borrowings.    The carrying
amounts of federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings maturing within 90 days approximate their fair values. Fair
values of other short-term borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current incremental borrowing
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

Long-Term Borrowings.    The fair
values of the Company s long-term borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the Company s
current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued Interest
Payable.    The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments.  
 The fair value of commitments to extend credit is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter similar agreements,
taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present credit worthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate
loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates. 

The fair value of standby letters of credit is
based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise settle the obligations
with the counterparties at the reporting date. The fair value of guarantees of credit card accounts previously sold is based on
the estimated cost to settle the obligations with the counterparty at the reporting date. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the fair value of loan commitments, standby letters of credit and credit card guarantees are not significant and are not
included in the table below. 

The fair value and the carrying value of the
Company s recorded financial instruments are as follows: 

*Includes federal funds sold. 

 **Includes federal funds purchased and repurchase
agreements. 

 ***Net of unamortized debt issuance costs
of $902. 

*Includes federal funds sold. 

 **Includes federal funds purchased and repurchase
agreements. 

 ***Net of unamortized debt issuance costs
of $978. 

The Company assumes interest rate risk (the risk
that general interest rate levels will change) as a result of the Company s normal operations. As a result, the fair values
of the Company s financial instruments will change when interest rate levels change and that change may be either favorable
or unfavorable to the Company. The Company attempts to match maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent believed necessary
to minimize interest rate risk. However, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment.
Conversely, depositors who are receiving fixed rates are more likely to withdraw funds before maturity in a rising rate environment
and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment. The Company monitors rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and
attempts to minimize interest rate risk by adjusting terms of new loans and deposits and by investing in securities with terms
that mitigate the Company s overall interest rate risk. 

Note 12.   Preferred Stock and Warrant  

On January 9, 2009, the Company signed a definitive
agreement with the Treasury under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 to participate in the Treasury s Capital
Purchase Program. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company sold 24,000 shares of its Series A fixed rate cumulative perpetual preferred
stock, liquidation value $1,000 per share (the  Series A Preferred Stock ), to the Treasury for an aggregate purchase
price of $24 million. The Series A Preferred Stock paid a cumulative dividend at a rate of 5% for the first five years, and effective
January 9, 2014, paid a rate of 9%. As part of its purchase of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Treasury was also issued a warrant
(the  Warrant ) to purchase, on its initial terms, up to 373,832 shares of the Company s common stock at an
initial exercise price of $9.63 per share. If not exercised, the Warrant would have expired after ten years. On October 21, 2013,
the Treasury sold all 24,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock that were held by Treasury to private investors. Capital stock
transactions by the Company subsequent to the Warrant s issuance adjusted the Warrant s exercise price per share to
$9.374 and increased the number of shares that could have been acquired upon exercise to 384,041.19 shares. 

On May 13, 2015, the Company repurchased from
the Treasury the Warrant for an aggregate repurchase price of $115 thousand, based on the fair value of the Warrant as agreed
upon by the Company and the Treasury. Following the repurchase of the Warrant, the Treasury has no remaining equity investment
in the Company. Additionally, on June 15, 2015, the Company redeemed the remaining $9.0 million of its Series A Preferred Stock. 

In connection with its private placements, on
June 12, 2013, the Company issued 5,240,192 shares of its Series B Preferred Stock for a gross purchase price of $23.8 million,
or $4.55 per share. The Series B Preferred Stock has no maturity date. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to
receive dividends if, as and when declared by the Company s Board of Directors, in an identical form of consideration and
at the same time, as those dividends or distributions that would have been payable on the number of whole shares of the Company s
common stock that such shares of Series B Preferred Stock would be convertible into upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The
Company will not pay any dividends with respect to its common stock unless an equivalent dividend also is paid to the holders
of Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock ranks junior with regard to dividends to any class or series of capital
stock of the Company the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the common stock or the
Series B Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and/or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

Note 13. Junior and Senior Subordinated Debt  

On September 17, 2003, $10 million of trust preferred
securities were placed through EVB Statutory Trust I in a pooled underwriting totaling approximately $650 million. The trust issuer
has invested the total proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities in Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable
Interest Debentures ( Junior Subordinated Debt ) issued by the Company. The trust preferred securities pay cumulative
cash distributions quarterly at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to the 3-month LIBOR plus 2.95%. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the interest rate was 3.81% and 3.48%, respectively. The dividends paid to holders of the trust
preferred securities, which are recorded as interest expense, are deductible for income tax purposes. The trust preferred securities
have a mandatory redemption date of September 17, 2033, and became subject to varying call provisions beginning September 17,
2008. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the trust preferred securities through the combined operation of the
Junior Subordinated Debt and other related documents. The Company s obligation under the guarantee is unsecured and subordinate
to senior and subordinated indebtedness of the Company. 

The trust preferred securities may be included
in Tier 1 capital for regulatory capital adequacy determination purposes up to 25% of Tier 1 capital after its inclusion. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of the trust preferred securities qualified as Tier 1 capital. 

Subject to certain exceptions and limitations,
the Company is permitted to elect from time to time to defer regularly scheduled interest payments on its outstanding Junior Subordinated
Debt relating to its trust preferred securities. If the Company defers interest payments on the Junior Subordinated Debt for more
than 20 consecutive quarters, the Company would be in default under the governing agreements for such notes and the amount due
under such agreements would be immediately due and payable. 

On April 22, 2015, the Company entered into a
Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain institutional accredited investors pursuant to which the Company sold
$20.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.50% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2025 ( Senior Subordinated
Debt ) to the investors at a price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Subordinated Debt. The Senior
Subordinated Debt bears interest at an annual rate of 6.50%, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each
year ending on May 1, 2020. From and including May 1, 2020 to, but excluding, the maturity date, the Senior Subordinated Debt
will bear interest at an annual rate, reset quarterly, equal to LIBOR determined on the determination date of the applicable interest
period plus 502 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning
on August 1, 2020. The Company may, at its option, redeem, in whole or in part, the Senior Subordinated Debt as early as May 1,
2020, and any partial redemption would be made pro rata among all of the holders. At September 30, 2016, all of the Senior Subordinated
Debt qualified as Tier 2 capital. At September 30, 2016, the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Senior Subordinated
Debt totaled $902 thousand. 

Note 14. Capital Requirements  

The Company and the Bank are subject to various
regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Company s and the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.
The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components (such as interest
rate risk), risk weightings and other factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies. 

In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies
adopted rules to implement the Basel III capital framework and a revised framework for calculating risk-weighted assets (the  Basel
III Capital Rules ). The Basel III Capital Rules were effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015 (subject
to a phase-in period for certain portions of the new rules). For a summary of these final rules, see Part I, Item 1.  Business 
under the heading  Regulation and Supervision   Capital Requirements  included in the Company s 2015 Form
10-K. 

As of September 30, 2016, the most recent
notification from the Reserve Bank categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action. To be categorized as well capitalized, an institution must maintain minimum total risk-based, common equity Tier 1 ( CET1 )
risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following tables. There are no conditions or events
since the notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. The capital ratios of the Company and
the Bank as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, presented with related minimum regulatory guidelines, is as follows: 

*   Except
                                         with regard to the Company s and the Bank s Tier 1 capital to average assets
                                         ratio, includes the current phased-in portion of the Basel III Capital Rules capital
                                         conservation buffer (0.625%) which is added to the minimum capital requirements for capital
                                         adequacy purposes. The capital conservation buffer is being phased in through four equal
                                         annual installments of 0.625% from 2015 to 2019, with full implementation in January
                                         2019 (2.5%). The Company s and the Bank s capital conservation buffer must
                                         consist of additional CET1 above regulatory minimum requirements. Failure to maintain
                                         the prescribed levels places limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses
                                         to executives. As of September 30, 2016, the capital conservation buffer of the Company
                                         and the Bank was 4.9797% and 6.1235%, respectively.   

Note 15.  Low
Income Housing Tax Credits   

The Company has invested in four separate housing
equity funds at September 30, 2016. The general purpose of these funds is to encourage and assist participants in investing in
low-income residential rental properties located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, develop and implement strategies to maintain
projects as low-income housing, deliver Federal Low Income Housing Credits to investors, allocate tax losses and other possible
tax benefits to investors and to preserve and protect project assets. The investments in these funds are recorded as other assets
on the consolidated balance sheets and were $2.4 million and $2.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
These investments and related tax benefits have expected terms through 2032, with the majority maturing by 2027. Tax credits and
other tax benefits recognized related to these investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were $353 thousand and $368 thousand, respectively. Total projected tax credits to be received for 2016 are $318 thousand, which
is based on the most recent quarterly estimates received from the funds. Additional capital calls expected for the funds totaled
$1.0 million at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Note 16. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss  

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive
loss (net of tax) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows: 

Reclassifications of gains on securities available
for sale are reported in the consolidated statements of income as  Gain on sale of available for sale securities, net 
with the corresponding income tax effect being reflected as a component of income tax expense. Amortization of unrealized losses
on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity is included in interest on investments (taxable or tax exempt,
as appropriate) in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reported gains on the sale of available for sale and held to maturity securities and amortization
of unrealized losses on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity as shown in the following table: 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

We present management s discussion and
analysis of financial information to aid the reader in understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
This discussion provides information about the major components of our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and
capital resources. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this report and the Consolidated Financial Statements
and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements presented in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. Operating results include those
of all our operating entities combined for all periods presented. 

Internet Access to Corporate Documents  

Information about the Company can be found on
the Company s investor relations website at  http://www.evb.org . The Company posts its annual reports, quarterly reports,
current reports, definitive proxy materials and any amendments to those documents as soon as reasonably practicable after they
are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. All such filings are available at no charge. The information on the Company s
website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or incorporated into any other filings
the Company makes with the SEC. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q that are not historical facts may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ), as amended. In addition, certain statements may be contained in the Company s future filings with the SEC,
in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with the approval of the Company that are not statements of historical
fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Exchange Act. Examples of forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, income or loss per share, the payment
or nonpayment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans, objectives and expectations
of the Company or its management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services, the performance of portions
of the Company s asset portfolio, future changes to the Bank s branch network and the payment of dividends; (iii) statements
of future financial performance and economic conditions; (iv) statements regarding the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses;
(v) statements regarding the Company s liquidity; (vi) statements of management s expectations regarding future trends
in interest rates, real estate values, business opportunities and economic conditions generally and in the Company s markets;
(vii) statements regarding future asset quality, including expected levels of charge-offs; (viii) statements regarding potential
changes to laws, regulations or administrative guidance; (ix) statements regarding strategic initiatives of the Company or the
Bank and the results of these initiatives; and (x) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as  believes, 
 anticipates,   expects,   intends,   targeted,   continue,   remain, 
 will,   should,   may  and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 

Forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could cause actual
results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

factors
                                         that adversely affect our strategic and business initiatives, including, without limitation,
                                         changes in the economic or business conditions in the Company s markets;   

our
                                         ability and efforts to assess, manage and improve our asset quality;   

the
                                         strength of the economy in the Company s target market area, as well as general
                                         economic, market, political, or business factors;   

changes
                                         in the quality or composition of our loan or investment portfolios, including adverse
                                         developments in borrower industries or in the repayment ability of individual borrowers
                                         or issuers;   

concentrations
                                         in segments of the loan portfolio or declines in real estate values in the Company s
                                         markets;   

the
                                         effects of our adjustments to the composition of our investment portfolio;   

the
                                         strength of the Company s counterparties;   

an
                                         insufficient allowance for loan losses;   

our
                                         ability to meet the capital requirements of our regulatory agencies;   

changes
                                         in laws, regulations and the policies of federal or state regulators and agencies, including
                                         the Basel III Capital Rules;   

changes
                                         in the interest rates affecting our deposits and loans;   

the
                                         loss of any of our key employees;   

failure,
                                         interruption or breach of any of the Company s communication or information systems,
                                         including those provided by external vendors;   

the
                                         effects of cyber-attacks or other security breaches;   

our
                                         potential growth, including our entrance or expansion into new markets, the opportunities
                                         that may be presented to and pursued by us and the need for sufficient capital to support
                                         that growth;   

future
                                         mergers or acquisitions, if any;   

changes
                                         in government monetary policy, interest rates, deposit flow, the cost of funds, and demand
                                         for loan products and financial services;   

our
                                         ability to maintain internal control over financial reporting;   

our
                                         ability to realize our deferred tax assets;   

our
                                         ability to raise capital as needed by our business;   

our
                                         reliance on secondary sources, such as FHLB advances, sales of securities and loans and
                                         federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks to meet our liquidity needs; and   

other
                                         circumstances, many of which are beyond our control.   

Although the Company believes that its expectations
with respect to the forward-looking statements are based upon reliable assumptions and projections within the bounds of its knowledge
of its business and operations, there can be no assurance that actual results, performance, actions or achievements of the Company
will not differ materially from any future results, performance, actions or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. The Company
does not undertake any steps to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by it or on its behalf.
For additional information on risk factors that could affect the Company s forward-looking statements, see the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other reports filed with the SEC. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions. Those accounting policies with the greatest uncertainty and that require our most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments affecting the application of these policies, and the likelihood that materially different amounts
would be reported under different conditions, or using different assumptions, are described below. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses   

The Company establishes the allowance for loan
losses through charges to earnings in the form of a provision for loan losses. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when
we believe that the collection of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries of losses previously charged against the allowance
are credited to the allowance. The allowance represents an amount that, in our judgment, will be adequate to absorb any losses
on existing loans that may become uncollectible. Our judgment in determining the level of the allowance is based on evaluations
of the collectability of loans while taking into consideration such factors as trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, changes
in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions that may affect a borrower s ability to repay
and the value of collateral, overall portfolio quality and review of specific potential losses. This evaluation is inherently
subjective because it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. For
more information see the section titled  Asset Quality  within this Item 2. 

Impairment of Loans  

The Company considers a loan impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
and interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The Company does not consider a loan impaired
during a period of insignificant payment shortfalls if we expect the ultimate collection of all amounts due. Impairment is measured
on a loan by loan basis for real estate (including multifamily residential, construction, farmland and non-farm, non-residential)
and commercial loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Large
groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, representing consumer, one to four family residential first and seconds and home
equity lines, are collectively evaluated for impairment. The Company maintains a valuation allowance to the extent that the measure
of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment. TDRs are also considered impaired loans. A TDR occurs when the Company,
for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial condition, grants a concession (including, without limitation,
rate reductions to below-market rates, payment deferrals, forbearance and, in some cases, forgiveness of principal or interest)
to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. For more information see the section titled  Asset Quality 
within this Item 2. 

Loans Acquired in a Business Combination  

The Company accounts for loans acquired in a
business combination in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805,  Business
Combinations.  Accordingly, acquired loans are segregated between PCI loans and purchased performing loans and are recorded
at fair value on the date of acquisition without the carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. 

PCI loans are those for which there is evidence
of credit deterioration since origination and for which it is probable at the date of acquisition that the Company will not collect
all contractually required principal and interest payments. When determining fair market value, PCI loans are aggregated into
pools of loans based on common characteristics as of the date of acquisition such as loan type, date of origination, and evidence
of credit quality deterioration such as internal risk grades and past due and nonaccrual status. The Company estimates the amount
and timing of expected cash flows for each loan or pool, and the expected cash flows in excess of amount paid is recorded as interest
income over the remaining life of the loan or pool (accretable yield). The excess of the loan s or pool s contractual
principal and interest over expected cash flows is not recorded (nonaccretable difference). Over the life of the loan or pool,
expected cash flows continue to be estimated. If the present value of expected cash flows is less than the carrying amount, a
loss is recorded as a provision for loan losses. If the present value of expected cash flows is greater than the carrying amount,
it is recognized as part of future interest income. Loans not designated PCI loans as of the acquisition date are designated purchased
performing loans. The Company accounts for purchased performing loans using the contractual cash flows method of recognizing discount
accretion based on the acquired loans  contractual cash flows. Purchased performing loans are recorded at fair value, including
a credit discount. The fair value discount is accreted as an adjustment to yield over the estimated lives of the loans. There
is no allowance for loan losses established at the acquisition date for purchased performing or PCI loans. A provision for loan
losses is recorded for any deterioration in these loans subsequent to the acquisition. 

Impairment of Securities  

Impairment of securities occurs when the fair
value of a security is less than its amortized cost. For debt securities, impairment is considered other-than-temporary and recognized
in its entirety in net income if either (i) the Company intends to sell the security or (ii) it is more likely than
not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If, however, the Company
does not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security
before recovery, the Company must determine what portion of the impairment is attributable to a credit loss, which occurs when
the amortized cost basis of the security exceeds the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected from the security.
If there is no credit loss, there is no other-than-temporary impairment. If there is a credit loss, other-than-temporary impairment
exists, and the credit loss must be recognized in net income and the remaining portion of impairment must be recognized in other
comprehensive income (loss). For equity securities, impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary based on the Company s
ability and intent to hold the investment until a recovery of fair value. Other-than-temporary impairment of an equity security
results in a write-down that must be included in net income. The Company regularly reviews each investment security for other-than-temporary
impairment based on criteria that include the extent to which cost exceeds market price, the duration of that market decline,
the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, the Company s best estimate of the present value of cash
flows expected to be collected from debt securities, the Company s intention with regard to holding the security to maturity
and the likelihood that the Company would be required to sell the security before recovery. 

Other Real Estate Owned  

Real estate acquired through, or in lieu of,
foreclosure is held for sale and is stated at fair value of the property, less estimated disposal costs, if any. Any excess of
cost over the fair value less costs to sell at the time of acquisition is charged to the allowance for loan losses. The fair value
is reviewed periodically by management and any write-downs are charged against current earnings. 

Goodwill   

With the adoption of FASB ASU 2011-08,   Intangible-Goodwill
and Other-Testing Goodwill for Impairment ,  the Company is no longer required to perform a test for impairment unless,
based on an assessment of qualitative factors related to goodwill, it determines that it is more likely than not that the fair
value of goodwill is less than its carrying amount. If the likelihood of impairment is more than 50 percent, the Company must
perform a test for impairment and we may be required to record impairment charges. In assessing the recoverability of the Company s
goodwill, the Company must make assumptions in order to determine the fair value of the respective assets. Major assumptions used
in the impairment analysis were discounted cash flows, merger and acquisition transaction values (including as compared to tangible
book value), and stock market capitalization. The Company chose to bypass the preliminary assessment of qualitative impairment
factors and completed its annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2015 through the use of an independent
third party specialist and determined there was no impairment to be recognized in 2015. If the underlying estimates and related
assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to record impairment charges. 

Retirement Plan  

The Company historically maintained a defined
benefit pension plan. Effective January 28, 2008, the Company took action to freeze the plan with no additional contributions
for a majority of participants. Employees age 55 or greater or with 10 years of credited service were grandfathered in the plan.
No additional participants have been added to the plan. The plan was again amended on February 28, 2011 to freeze the plan with
no additional contributions for grandfathered participants. Benefits for all participants have remained frozen in the plan since
such action was taken. Effective January 1, 2012, the plan was amended and restated as a cash balance plan. Under a cash balance
plan, participant benefits are stated as an account balance. An opening account balance was established for each participant based
on the lump sum value of his or her accrued benefit as of December 31, 2011 in the original defined benefit pension plan. Each
participant s account will be credited with an  interest  credit each year. The interest rate for each year
is determined as the average annual interest rate on the 2 year U.S. Treasury securities for the month of December preceding the
plan year. Plan assets, which consist primarily of mutual funds invested in marketable equity securities and corporate and government
fixed income securities, are valued using market quotations. The Company s actuary determines plan obligations and annual
pension expense using a number of key assumptions. Key assumptions may include the discount rate, the estimated return on plan
assets and the anticipated rate of compensation increases. Changes in these assumptions in the future, if any, or in the method
under which benefits are calculated may impact pension assets, liabilities or expense. 

Accounting for Income Taxes  

Determining the Company s effective tax
rate requires judgment. In the ordinary course of business, there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
outcomes are uncertain. In addition, the Company s tax returns are subject to audit by various tax authorities. Although
we believe that the estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome will not be materially different
than that which is reflected in the income tax provision and accrual. 

The realization of deferred income tax assets
is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is  more likely than not  that all or a portion of the deferred
tax asset will not be realized.   More likely than not  is defined as greater than a 50% chance.  Management
considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation
allowance is needed. For more information, see Item 1.  Financial Statements,  under the heading  Note 5. Deferred
Income Taxes  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, 
under the headings  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  and  Note 11. Income Taxes  in
the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. 

For further information concerning accounting
policies, refer to Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,  under the heading  Note 1. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies  in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. 

Business Overview 

The Company provides a broad range of personal
and commercial banking services including commercial, consumer and real estate loans. We complement our lending operations with
an array of retail and commercial deposit products and fee-based services. Our services are delivered locally by well-trained
and experienced bankers, whom we empower to make decisions at the local level, so they can provide timely lending decisions and
respond promptly to customer inquiries. Having been in many of our markets for over 100 years, we have established relationships
with and an understanding of our customers. We believe that, by offering our customers personalized service and a breadth of products,
we can compete effectively as we expand within our existing markets and into new markets. 

The Company is committed to delivering strong,
long-term earnings using a prudent allocation of capital, in business lines where we have demonstrated the ability to compete
successfully. During the first nine months of 2016, the national and local economies continued to show slow, but measured signs
of recovery with the main challenges continuing to be underemployment above historical levels and uneven economic growth. Macro-economic
and political issues continue to temper the global economic outlook and, as such, the Company remains cautiously optimistic regarding
the improvements seen in our local markets. Despite this, the Company believes that our local markets are poised for stronger
growth in the coming months and years than the economic recovery has provided in our markets in recent periods. 

Since 2013 the Company has completed strategic
initiatives that have significantly improved the Company s financial condition. These initiatives represent significant
progress toward the Company s long-term goal of growing a more robust community banking business, and will provide the platform
for continued growth and success in future periods. These initiatives include: 

Raising
                                         in 2013 an aggregate of $50.0 million of gross proceeds from sales of the Company s
                                         common stock and Series B Preferred Stock in private placements to certain institutional
                                         investors ($45.0 million in gross proceeds) and a rights offering to existing shareholders
                                         ($5.0 million in gross proceeds) (collectively, the  2013 Capital Initiative );   

Using
                                         a portion of the proceeds from the 2013 Capital Initiative to prepay long-term, higher-rate
                                         FHLB advances and to accelerate the disposition of adversely classified assets;   

Paying
                                         all current and previously deferred interest and all current and previously deferred,
                                         but accumulated, dividends on the Company s Junior Subordinated Debt and Series
                                         A Preferred Stock (as defined in Item 1  Financial Statements,  under the
                                         heading  Note 12. Preferred Stock and Warrant  in this Quarterly Report on
                                         Form 10-Q), respectively;   

Redeeming
                                         all of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, which eliminated one of the Company s
                                         most expensive sources of capital;   

Acquiring
                                         VCB effective November 14, 2014, thus adding three branches to the Bank s branch
                                         network and an aggregate of $128.9 million of assets to the Company s balance sheet.
                                         All former VCB branches have been fully integrated into the Bank s branch network
                                         and operate as branches of the Bank, expanding the Bank s branch network into the
                                         Virginia cities of Hampton, Newport News and Williamsburg;   

Opening
                                         a loan production office in Chesterfield County, Virginia to increase the Bank s
                                         presence in the Richmond metropolitan area and contribute to loan portfolio growth and
                                         diversification;   

Declaring
                                         dividends to holders of both the Company s common stock and Series B Preferred
                                         Stock. Beginning in March 2015, dividends of $0.01 per share were declared and paid quarterly.
                                         The Company increased the quarterly dividends to $0.02 per share starting in August 2015
                                         through August 2016, and again in November 2016 to $0.03 per share;   

Raising
                                         in the second quarter of 2015 an aggregate of $20.0 million in gross proceeds from sales
                                         of Senior Subordinated Debt (as defined in Item 1  Financial Statements, 
                                         under the heading  Note 13. Junior and Senior Subordinated Debt  in this
                                         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) in private placements to certain institutional investors.
                                         A portion of these proceeds were used to redeem the remainder of the Company s
                                         Series A Preferred Stock and to repurchase the Warrant (as defined in Item 1  Financial
                                         Statements,  under the heading  Note 12. Preferred Stock and Warrant 
                                         in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), that was issued to the Treasury through the Capital
                                         Purchase Program; and   

On
                                         October 11, 2016 the Company s corporate headquarters was relocated to the Innsbrook
                                         business park in Glen Allen, Virginia in order to increase collaboration and productivity,
                                         while gaining operating efficiencies throughout the Company. The new headquarters provides
                                         the Company with the space and flexibility needed to continue to grow and reach new customers.   

The Company expects to recognize the continued
benefits of these initiatives during the remainder of 2016, including through lower interest expense related to the extinguished
FHLB advances in 2013, elimination of the Series A Preferred Stock dividend as of June 15, 2015, additional interest income and
cost savings related to the acquisition of VCB and positive contributions to the Company s loan portfolio generated by the
three branches acquired from VCB and the Chesterfield County, Virginia loan production office. During 2016, the Company also plans
to continue its focus on developing online and mobile banking options and offering these products and services to the Bank s
customers. 

While the Company has largely worked through
the economic challenges of the past few years and believes that it is positioned for future success, in significant part due to
the successful execution of the strategic initiatives summarized above, the Company will continue to evaluate business development
and other strategic initiatives and opportunities it identifies during the remainder of 2016. These opportunities and initiatives
could include opportunities to grow the Company s business or strengthen the Bank s branch network in existing or
new markets. Also, during the first half of 2015, the Company engaged an independent consultant to conduct a comprehensive assessment
of its operations. This assessment identified operating efficiencies and revenue enhancement opportunities. The Company has leveraged
the assessment s findings and with the Company s focus on growth and profitability has continued to realize targeted
increases in revenues and declines in certain noninterest expenses. Throughout the balance of 2016 and forward, we plan to evaluate
and implement additional strategies that we believe will improve our performance and profitability and will increase the value
of our company. 

Summary of Third Quarter 2016 and Year to
Date Operating Results and Financial Condition  

Table 1: Performance Summary  

(1)  The difference between net income and
                                         net income available to common shareholders is the effective dividend to holders of the
                                         Company s Series A Preferred Stock during the 2015 periods. The Company redeemed
                                         the remaining shares of Series A Preferred Stock during the second quarter of 2015.   

(2)  For more information on the calculation
                                         of net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis, see the average balance sheet and net
                                         interest margin analysis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
                                         contained in  Results of Operations  in this Item 2.   

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
the following were significant factors in the Company s reported results: 

Increase
                                         in net interest income of $548 thousand from the same period in 2015, principally due
                                         to an increase in interest and fees on loans driven primarily by loan growth, partially
                                         offset by increases in interest expense associated with our interest-bearing deposits
                                         and short-term borrowings;   

Net
                                         interest margin (tax equivalent basis) decreased 5 basis points to 3.68% during the third
                                         quarter of 2016 as compared to 3.73% for the same period of 2015 primarily due to the
                                         declines in yields on our investment securities and loan portfolio and the impact of
                                         increased amounts of and costs paid on our short-term borrowings;   

Net
                                         accretion attributable to accounting adjustments related to the VCB acquisition was $82
                                         thousand for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to $20 thousand in the same period
                                         of 2015;   

Net
                                         gain on sale of available for sale securities of $270 thousand as compared to $71 thousand
                                         in the same period of 2015 was higher due to the adjustments of the composition of the
                                         investment securities portfolio as part of our overall asset/liability management strategy;   

Increase
                                         in salaries and employee benefits of $449 thousand from the same period in 2015, primarily
                                         due to an increase in group insurance expense (which was driven by an increase in claims
                                         during the second and third quarters of 2016) and other incentive compensation;   

Collection,
                                         repossession and other real estate owned expense decreased $83 thousand from the same
                                         period of 2015 due to decreases in collection costs associated with classified assets;
                                         and   

Other
                                         operating expenses increased $139 thousand during the third quarter of 2016 as compared
                                         to the same period of 2015, primarily due to increases in director fees and other non-loan
                                         related losses and write-offs.   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the following were significant factors in the Company s reported results: 

Increase
                                         in net interest income of $1.3 million from the same period in 2015, principally due
                                         to an increase in interest and fees on loans driven primarily by loan growth, partially
                                         offset by an increase in interest expense associated with our short-term borrowings and
                                         the issuance of $20.0 million in Senior Subordinated Debt during the second quarter of
                                         2015;   

Net
                                         interest margin (tax equivalent basis) decreased 17 basis points to 3.72% during the
                                         nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 3.89% for the same period of 2015
                                         primarily due to a decline in yields on our investment securities and loan portfolio
                                         and the impact of interest incurred on the short-term borrowings and Senior Subordinated
                                         Debt;   

Net
                                         accretion attributable to accounting adjustments related to the VCB acquisition was $200
                                         thousand, as compared to $423 thousand in the same period of 2015;   

Nonperforming
                                         assets at September 30, 2016 increased $1.0 million from December 31, 2015, primarily
                                         due to a $1.5 million increase in loans past due 90 days and accruing interest (of which
                                         the majority of this increase came from a single purchased credit-impaired loan acquired
                                         through the VCB acquisition that we are well secured in) and a $1.0 million increase
                                         in OREO (of which the majority of this increase came from foreclosures on several one
                                         to four family residential investment properties owned by a single borrower), partially
                                         offset by a decrease of $1.4 million in nonaccrual loans. Nonperforming assets at September
                                         30, 2016 increased $1.7 million from September 30, 2015, primarily due to a $1.5 million
                                         increase in loans past due 90 days and accruing interest (of which the majority of this
                                         increase came from a single purchased credit-impaired loan that is well secured) and
                                         a $1.3 million increase in OREO, partially offset by a decrease of $1.1 million in nonaccrual
                                         loans;   

Net
                                         gain on sale of available for sale securities of $507 thousand as compared to $122 thousand
                                         in the same period of 2015 was higher due to the adjustments of the composition of the
                                         investment securities portfolio as part of our overall asset/liability management strategy;   

Consultant
                                         fees decreased $400 thousand from the same period in 2015, primarily due to expenses
                                         incurred during 2015 related to the aforementioned comprehensive assessment of our operations
                                         that were not repeated during 2016;   

Marketing
                                         and advertising expenses increased $249 thousand as compared to the same period in 2015
                                         due to the timing of advertising campaigns and other initiatives;   

Decrease
                                         in merger and merger related expenses of $224 thousand due to certain costs incurred
                                         during the first quarter of 2015 associated with the VCB acquisition that were not repeated
                                         in 2016; and   

No
                                         effective dividend on preferred stock in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to
                                         $386 thousand from the same period of 2015. This was due to the redemption of the remaining
                                         14,000 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock in transactions completed
                                         during the first half of 2015.   

Results of Operations  

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin   

Net interest income, the fundamental source of
the Company s earnings, is defined as the difference between income on earning assets and the cost of funds supporting those
assets. Significant categories of earning assets are loans and investment securities, while deposits, short-term borrowings, Junior
Subordinated Debt and Senior Subordinated Debt represent the major portion of interest-bearing liabilities. The level of net interest
income is impacted primarily by variations in the volume and mix of these assets and liabilities, as well as changes in interest
rates when compared to previous periods of operations and the yield of our interest earning assets compared to our cost of funding
these assets. 

Net interest margin is calculated by expressing
tax-equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average interest earning assets, and represents the Company s net
yield on its earning assets. Net interest margin is an indicator of the Company s effectiveness in generating income from
its earning assets. The net interest margin is affected by the structure of the balance sheet as well as by competitive pressures,
Federal Reserve Board policies and the economy. The spread that can be earned between interest earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities is also dependent to a large extent on the slope of the yield curve. 

Table 2 presents the average balances of assets
and liabilities, the average yields earned on such assets (on a tax equivalent basis) and rates paid on such liabilities, and
the net interest margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Table 2: Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest
Margin Analysis  

Notes: 

(1)  Yields are annualized and based on average
                                         daily balances.   

(3)  Nonaccrual loans have been included in
                                         the computations of average loan balances.   

(4)  Large dollar certificates of deposit
                                         are certificates issued in amounts of $100 or greater.   

(5)  Interest rate spread is the average yield
                                         on earning assets, calculated on a fully taxable basis, less the average rate incurred
                                         on interest-bearing liabilities.   

(6)   Net interest
                                         margin is the net interest income, calculated on a fully taxable basis, expressed as
                                         a percentage of average earning assets.    

Notes: 

(1)  Yields are annualized and based on average
                                         daily balances.   

(3)  Nonaccrual loans have been included in
                                         the computations of average loan balances.   

(4)  Large dollar certificates of deposit
                                         are certificates issued in amounts of $100 or greater.   

(5)  Interest rate spread is the average yield
                                         on earning assets, calculated on a fully taxable basis, less the average rate incurred
                                         on interest-bearing liabilities.   

(6)  Net interest margin is the net interest
                                         income, calculated on a fully taxable basis, expressed as a percentage of average earning
                                         assets.   

Interest Income and Expense   

Net interest income and net interest margin   

Net interest income in the third quarter of 2016
increased $548 thousand, or 5.2%, when compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Net interest income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $1.3 million, or 4.3%, when compared to the same period in 2015.  The Company's net interest
margin (tax equivalent basis) decreased to 3.68% and 3.72% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
representing 5 and 17 basis point decreases over the Company's net interest margin (tax equivalent basis) for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  The declines in the net interest margin (tax equivalent basis) were primarily driven by
lower loan yields as a result of competitive pressures in the historically low rate environment, and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, lower accretion of fair value adjustments related to the VCB acquisition, as well as increased interest expense
as a result of the private placement of $20.0 million of Senior Subordinated Debt in April 2015. Additionally, the average balance
of and rates paid on our short-term borrowings increased as compared to the same periods in 2015. These margin pressures were
largely offset by increases in average loan balances in the Company s results for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015. The most significant factors impacting net interest income during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Positive Impact:  

Increases
                                         in average loan balances, primarily due to organic loan growth and loan purchases, partially
                                         offset by lower loan yields.   

Negative Impacts:  

Decreases
                                         in average yields earned on investment securities, primarily tax exempt investment securities,
                                         partially offset by increases in average balances of total investment securities;   

Private
                                         placement of $20.0 million of Senior Subordinated Debt during the second quarter of 2015
                                         resulting in increases to total average interest-bearing liabilities and related interest
                                         expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016;   

Increases
                                         in average short-term borrowings balances and rates paid, primarily due to loan growth
                                         outpacing deposit growth and other strategic initiatives; and   

The
                                         Company experienced higher average interest-bearing deposit balances during the three
                                         and nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the comparable 2015 periods, primarily
                                         due to customer growth.  The rates paid on total average interest-bearing deposits
                                         increased 3 and 2 basis points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
                                         respectively, over the comparable periods in 2015.  The result was an increase in
                                         interest expense attributable to the Company s deposit portfolio.   

Total interest and dividend income   

Total interest and dividend income increased
5.9% and 6.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. 
The increase in total interest and dividend income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven
by an increase in average loan and investment securities balances, partially offset by a decrease in average loan and investment
securities yields.  

Loans   

Average loan balances increased for the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to organic loan growth
and the purchase of $21.2 million in performing commercial and consumer loans between September 2015 and September 2016. 
Loan growth during the first nine months of 2016 outpaced our internal targets. However, loan growth in our rural markets, especially
with respect to consumer loans, remains weak while competition for commercial loans, especially in the Richmond and Tidewater
markets, has been and we expect will continue to be intense given the historically low rate environment.  The Company s
average loan balances increased $63.9 million and $78.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
as compared to average loan balances for the same periods in 2015.  Total average loans were 76.7% of total average interest-earning
assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 75.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Total
average loans were 76.5% of total average interest-earning assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 75.3%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Investment securities   

Average total investment securities balances
increased 1.6% and 2.5% for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods
in 2015.  The overall increase was the result of management of the Company s liquidity needs to support its operations,
along with funds provided by deposit growth and measured loan demand in the Company s markets, partially offset by a lack
of investment opportunities with acceptable risk-adjusted rates of return. The Company remains committed to its long-term target
of managing the investment securities portfolio to comprise 20% of the Company s total assets.  The yields on total
average investment securities decreased 19 and 12 basis points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
as compared to the same periods in 2015.  The decrease in yields on average total investment securities during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, was driven by a lower allocation of
the total investment securities portfolio to SBA Pool securities and tax exempt municipal securities, both of which also tend
to be higher-yielding segments of the Company s investment securities portfolio. These decreases were partially offset by
higher interest rates and a greater allocation of the total investment securities portfolio to higher yielding Agency CMO securities,
Agency CMBS securities and taxable municipal securities.  

Interest-bearing deposits   

Average total interest-bearing deposit balances
increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to organic
deposit growth that was in part driven by the Company s marketing and advertising initiatives as well as new products and
services. 

Borrowings   

Average total borrowings increased for the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to increased short-term
borrowings, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the issuance of $20.0 million in Senior Subordinated Debt in April
2015.  Average short-term borrowings increased for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to the same periods in 2015, due to additional short-term FHLB advances taken to fund loan growth and other strategic initiatives.    

Noninterest Income   

Noninterest income is comprised of all sources
of income other than interest and dividend income on our earning assets. Significant revenue items include fees collected on certain
deposit account transactions, debit card and ATM fees, fees from other general services, earnings from other investments we own
in part or in full and gains or losses on sales of investment securities, loans, and fixed assets. 

The following tables depict the components of
noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table 3: Noninterest Income  

Key changes in the components of noninterest
income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, are discussed below: 

Service
                                         charges and fees on deposit accounts   increased primarily due to increases in
                                         overdraft and NSF fees on checking accounts;   

Gain
                                         on sale of available for sale securities, net   increased primarily as a result
                                         of the Company adjusting the composition of the investment securities portfolio as part
                                         of the Company s overall asset/liability management strategy; and   

Other
                                         operating income   decreased primarily due to lower earnings from the Bank s
                                         subsidiaries. Additionally, other operating income includes earnings from the Bank s
                                         investment in Bankers Title, LLC and losses from the Bank s investment in housing
                                         equity funds.   

Noninterest Expense    

Noninterest
expense includes all expenses with the exception of those paid for interest on borrowings and deposits. Significant expense items
included in this component are salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment expenses and other operating expenses.

The following tables depict the components of
noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table 4: Noninterest Expense  

Key changes in the components of noninterest
expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, are discussed below: 

Salaries
                                         and employee benefits   increased primarily due to an increase in group insurance
                                         expense (which was driven by an increase in claims during the second and third quarters
                                         of 2016) and other incentive compensation;   

Consultant
                                         fees   decreased during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period
                                         of 2015, primarily due to expenses incurred related to the aforementioned comprehensive
                                         assessment of our operations that was completed during 2015;   

Collection,
                                         repossession and other real estate owned   expenses decreased during the third
                                         quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015 due to decreases in collection
                                         costs associated with classified assets;   

Marketing
                                         and advertising   expenses increased during the first nine months of 2016 as compared
                                         to the same period of 2015 due to the timing of advertising campaigns and other initiatives;   

Merger
                                         and merger related expenses   incurred during the first half of 2015 were related
                                         to the acquisition of VCB in 2014, and no similar expenses were incurred during the same
                                         period in 2016; and   

Other
                                         operating expenses   increased during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to
                                         the same period of 2015, primarily due to increases in director fees and other non-loan
                                         related losses and write-offs.   

Income Taxes   

The Company recorded income tax expense of $815
thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $697 thousand for the same period of 2015, reflecting a
$118 thousand increase in income tax expense. The Company recorded income tax expense of $2.5 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to $1.6 million for the same period of 2015, reflecting a $842 thousand increase in income tax
expense. 

The increase in income tax expense for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015, was primarily due to the Company s pretax
income increasing by $107 thousand and $1.9 million, respectively, and a reduction in tax-exempt interest income from the Company s
investment securities portfolio. The decrease in tax-exempt interest income was primarily a result of the Company decreasing the
percentage of tax-exempt investment securities that comprised its overall investment securities portfolio. 

The effective tax rate for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was 29.0% and 28.8%, respectively, as compared to 25.7% and 24.3%, respectively for the same periods
in 2015. The increase in the effective tax rate from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the same periods in
2016 were primarily due to a decrease in tax-exempt interest income from the Company s investment securities portfolio,
as discussed above. 

Asset Quality  

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses   

The allowance for loan losses is a reserve for
estimated credit losses on individually evaluated loans determined to be impaired as well as probable credit losses inherent in
the loan portfolio, and is based on periodic evaluations of the collectability and historical loss experience of loans. A provision
for loan losses, which is a charge against earnings, is recorded to bring the allowance for loan losses to a level that, in management s
judgment, is appropriate to absorb probable losses in the loan portfolio. Actual credit losses are deducted from the allowance
for loan losses for the difference between the carrying value of the loan and the estimated net realizable value or fair value
of the collateral, if collateral dependent. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses. 

The allowance for loan losses is comprised of
a specific allowance for identified problem loans and a general allowance representing estimations performed pursuant to either
FASB ASC Topic 450   Accounting for Contingencies  , or FASB ASC Topic 310   Accounting by Creditors
for Impairment of a Loan.   The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired, and is established
when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying
value of that loan. For collateral dependent loans, an updated appraisal may be ordered if a current one is not on file. Appraisals
are performed by independent third-party appraisers with relevant industry experience. Adjustments to the appraised value may
be made based on recent sales of like properties or general market conditions when deemed appropriate. The general component covers
non-classified or performing loans and those loans classified as substandard, doubtful or loss that are not impaired. The general
component is based on migration analysis adjusted for qualitative factors, such as economic conditions, interest rates and unemployment
rates. The Company uses a risk grading system for real estate (including multifamily residential, construction, farmland and non-farm,
non-residential) and commercial loans. Loans are graded on a scale from 1 to 9. Non-impaired real estate and commercial loans
are assigned an allowance factor which increases with the severity of risk grading. A general description of the characteristics
of the risk grades is as follows: 

Pass Grades  

Risk Grade 1 loans have little or no risk and are generally
secured by cash or cash equivalents; 

Risk Grade 2 loans have minimal risk to well qualified
borrowers and no significant questions as to safety; 

Risk Grade 3 loans are satisfactory loans with strong
borrowers and secondary sources of repayment; 

Risk
                                         Grade 4 loans are satisfactory loans with borrowers not as strong as risk grade 3 loans
                                         but may exhibit a higher degree of financial risk based on the type of business supporting
                                         the loan; and   

Risk
                                         Grade 5 loans are loans that warrant more than the normal level of supervision and have
                                         the possibility of an event occurring that may weaken the borrower s ability to
                                         repay.   

Special Mention  

Risk
                                         Grade 6 loans have increasing potential weaknesses beyond those at which the loan originally
                                         was granted and if not addressed could lead to inadequately protecting the Company s
                                         credit position.   

Classified Grades  

Risk
                                         Grade 7 loans are substandard loans and are inadequately protected by the current sound
                                         worth or paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral pledged. These have well defined
                                         weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt with the distinct possibility
                                         the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected;   

Risk
                                         Grade 8 loans are doubtful of collection and the possibility of loss is high but pending
                                         specific borrower plans for recovery, its classification as a loss is deferred until
                                         its more exact status is determined; and   

Risk
                                         Grade 9 loans are loss loans which are considered uncollectable and of such little value
                                         that their continuance as a bank asset is not warranted.   

The Company uses a past due grading system for
consumer loans, including one to four family residential first and seconds and home equity lines. The past due status of a loan
is based on the contractual due date of the most delinquent payment due. The past due grading of consumer loans is based on the
following categories: current, 1-29 days past due, 30-59 days past due, 60-89 days past due and over 90 days past due. The consumer
loans are segregated between performing and nonperforming loans. Performing loans are those that have made timely payments in
accordance with the terms of the loan agreement and are not past due 90 days or more. Nonperforming loans are those that do not
accrue interest, are greater than 90 days past due and accruing interest or considered impaired. Non-impaired consumer loans are
assigned an allowance factor which increases with the severity of past due status. This component of the allowance reflects the
margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses
in the loan portfolio. 

The Company's ALL Committee is responsible for
assessing the overall appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses and monitoring the Company's allowance for loan losses
methodology, particularly in the context of current economic conditions and a rapidly changing regulatory environment.  The
ALL Committee reviews at least annually the Company's allowance for loan losses methodology. 

The allocation methodology applied by the Company
includes management s ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio into criticized loan categories (defined as specific
loans warranting either specific allocation, or a classified status of substandard, doubtful or loss). The allocation methodology
focuses on evaluation of several factors, including but not limited to: evaluation of facts and issues related to specific loans,
management s ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio, consideration of migration analysis tracking movement of
loans through past due classifications and delinquency experience on each portfolio category, trends in past due and nonaccrual
loans, the level of classified loans, the risk characteristics of the various classifications of loans, changes in the size and
character of the loan portfolio, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries, existing economic conditions, the
fair value of underlying collateral, and other qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect potential credit losses.
Because each of the criteria used is subject to change, the allocation of the allowance for loan losses is made for analytical
purposes and is not necessarily indicative of the trend of future loan losses in any particular loan category. The total allowance
is available to absorb losses from any segment of the portfolio. In determining the allowance for loan losses, the Company considers
its portfolio segments and loan classes to be the same. 

Management believes that the level of the allowance
for loan losses is appropriate in light of the credit quality and anticipated risk of loss in the loan portfolio. While management
uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary based
on changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process,
periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions
to the allowance for loan losses through increased provisions for loan losses or may require that certain loan balances be charged-off
or downgraded into classified loan categories when their credit evaluations differ from those of management based on their judgments
about information available to them at the time of their examinations. 

The following table presents the Company s
loan loss experience for the periods indicated: 

Table 5: Allowance for Loan Losses  

*Net of unearned income and includes nonaccrual
loans. 

The Company made a provision for loan losses
of $17 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to no provision for loan losses for the same period in 2015. 
The allowance for loan losses totaled $10.5 million at September 30, 2016, representing a decline of $860 thousand from December
31, 2015 and a decline of $1.5 million from September 30, 2015.  The ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding
at September 30, 2016 declined 27 basis points from September 30, 2015 and 17 basis points from December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The allowance for loan losses and the ratio of
loan losses to total loans outstanding declined from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 due to improvements in the Company s
asset quality and the resolution of certain classified or problem assets. In addition to these factors, declines in the allowance
for loan losses and the ratio of loan losses to total loans from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016 were also driven by
improvements in economic and financial conditions in the Company s markets. Impaired loans decreased approximately $3.2
million from December 31, 2015, primarily due to the upgraded credit quality of a large commercial borrower, the reclassification
of a large one to four family loan relationship from impaired loans to collectively evaluated based on payment performance, the
partial charge-off and foreclosure of two other large one to four family loan relationships, and partially offset by the addition
of a large commercial relationship to impaired loans as a result of a deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower.
Nonperforming loans increased from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 primarily due to the nonpayment of two PCI loans acquired
through the VCB acquisition that we are well secured in, and OREO increased during that period primarily due to foreclosures on
residential real estate properties related to one large borrower (as discussed in more detail below). Additionally, due to acquisition
accounting related to the Company s acquisition of VCB, the Company recorded loans acquired from VCB at fair value at the
effective time of the acquisition, and any allowance for loan losses previously established by VCB was not recorded on the Company s
financial statements.  Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $877 thousand, compared to $1.1
million for the same period of 2015.  This represents, on an annualized basis, 0.13% of average loans outstanding for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 0.17% of average loans outstanding for the same period of 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses represented 1.12%
of period end loans at September 30, 2016, compared with 1.29% of year end loans at December 31, 2015. 

The following table shows the allocation of the
allowance for loan losses at the dates indicated. Notwithstanding these allocations, the entire allowance for loan losses is available
to absorb charge-offs in any category of loan. 

Table 6: Allocation of Allowance for Loan
Losses  

(Percent is portfolio loans in category divided
by total loans.)  

Tabular presentations of commercial loans by
credit quality indicator and consumer loans, including one to four family residential first and seconds and home equity lines,
by payment activity at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 can be found under Item 1.  Financial Statements, 
under the heading  Note 4. Loan Portfolio.  

Nonperforming Assets   

The past due status of a loan is based on the
contractual due date of the most delinquent payment due. Loans, including impaired loans, are generally classified as nonaccrual
if they are past due as to maturity or payment of principal or interest for a period of more than 90 days, unless such loans are
well-secured and in the process of collection. Loans greater than 90 days past due may remain on an accrual status if management
determines it has adequate collateral to cover the principal and interest. If a loan or a portion of a loan is adversely classified,
or is partially charged off, the loan is generally classified as nonaccrual. Additionally, whenever management becomes aware of
facts or circumstances that may adversely impact the collectability of principal or interest on loans, it is management s
practice to place such loans on a nonaccrual status immediately, rather than delaying such action until the loans become 90 days
past due. As of September 30, 2016, management is not aware of any potential problem loans to place immediately on nonaccrual
status. 

When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, previously
accrued and uncollected interest is reversed, and the amortization of related deferred loan fees or costs is suspended. While
a loan is classified as nonaccrual and the future collectability of the recorded loan balance is doubtful, collections of interest
and principal are generally applied as a reduction to principal outstanding. When the future collectability of the recorded loan
balance is expected, interest income may be recognized on a cash basis. In the case where a nonaccrual loan has been partially
charged off, recognition of interest on a cash basis is limited to that which would have been recognized on the recorded loan
balance at the contractual interest rate. Cash interest receipts in excess of that amount are recorded as recoveries to the allowance
for loan losses until prior charge-offs have been fully recovered. These policies are applied consistently across our loan portfolio. 

A loan (including a TDR) may be returned to accrual
status if the borrower has demonstrated a sustained period of repayment performance (typically six months) in accordance with
the contractual terms of the loan and there is reasonable assurance the borrower will continue to make payments as agreed. 

Real estate acquired through, or in lieu of,
foreclosure (or OREO) is held for sale and is stated at fair value of the property, less estimated disposal costs, if any. Cost
includes loan principal and accrued interest. Any excess of cost over the fair value less costs to sell at the time of acquisition
is charged to the allowance for loan losses. The fair value is reviewed periodically by management and any write-downs are charged
against current earnings. Development and improvement costs relating to the property are capitalized. Net operating income or
expenses of such properties are included in collection, repossession and OREO expenses. 

The following
table presents information concerning nonperforming assets as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year
ended December 31, 2015:  

Table 7: Nonperforming Assets  

*Includes $1.3 million in nonaccrual TDRs at
both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table presents the change in the
OREO balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table 8: OREO Changes  

The following table presents the change in the
valuation allowance for OREO for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table
9: OREO Valuation Allowance Changes  

Nonperforming assets were $8.9 million, or 0.94%,
of total loans and OREO at September 30, 2016 compared to $7.8 million, or 0.89%, at December 31, 2015. The slow and measured
economic recovery has prompted the Company to maintain the heightened level of the allowance for loan losses, which was 221.32%
of nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016, compared to 183.43% at December 31, 2015. Nonperforming loans increased $362 thousand,
or 5.2%, from September 30, 2015 to $7.3 million, primarily due to increases in loans past due 90 days and accruing interest in
which no material losses are anticipated. 

Nonaccrual loans were $4.7 million at September
30, 2016, a decrease of $1.4 million, or 23.4%, from $6.2 million at December 31, 2015. Of the current $4.7 million in nonaccrual
loans, $4.5 million, or 94.1%, is secured by real estate in our market area. Of these real estate secured loans, $4.2 million
are one to four family residential real estate and $225 thousand are commercial properties. 

Loans past due 90 days and accruing interest
were $2.6 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.5 million from both December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015. These
increases were due to the nonpayment of a large non-farm, non-residential real estate loan (that was included in the Company s
PCI portfolio) as a result of the deteriorating financial condition of the borrower. These loans have remained on accrual status
as they are well secured and full recoveries are anticipated. 

OREO, net of valuation allowance at September
30, 2016 was $1.5 million, an increase of $1.0 million from December 31, 2015. The balance of OREO at September 30, 2016 was comprised
of seventeen properties of which $51 thousand were real estate construction properties and $1.5 million were closed end one to
four family residential properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 new foreclosures included twenty-six properties
totaling $2.5 million transferred from loans, and a significant portion of the closed end one to four family residential properties
foreclosed during the first nine months of 2016 are related to a single borrower. Sales of twenty-two OREO properties for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in a net loss of $10 thousand.  The remaining properties are being actively marketed and the Company does not anticipate any material losses
associated with these properties. The Company recorded $34 thousand in losses in its consolidated statements of income for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to valuation adjustments on OREO properties as compared to $5 thousand for the same period
of 2015. Asset quality continues to be a top priority for the Company. The Company continues to allocate significant resources
to the expedient disposition and collection of nonperforming and other lower quality assets. 

As discussed earlier in this Item 2, the Company
measures impaired loans based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate of
the loan or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent. The Company maintains a valuation allowance to the extent that the measure of the impaired loan
is less than the recorded investment. TDRs are considered impaired loans. TDRs occur when we agree to modify the original terms
of a loan by granting a concession due to the deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. These concessions can
be temporary and are made in an attempt to avoid foreclosure and with the intent to restore the loan to a performing status once
sufficient payment history can be demonstrated. These concessions could include, without limitation, rate reductions to below
market rates, payment deferrals, forbearance, and, in some cases, forgiveness of principal or interest. 

A tabular presentation of loans individually
evaluated for impairment by class of loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 can be found under Item 1.  Financial
Statements,  under the heading  Note 4. Loan Portfolio  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

At September 30, 2016, the balance of impaired
loans was $32.1 million, for which there were specific valuation allowances of $3.4 million. At December 31, 2015, the balance
of impaired loans was $35.4 million, for which there were specific valuation allowances of $4.6 million. The average balance of
impaired loans was $33.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $36.3 million for the year ended December
31, 2015. Impaired loans decreased approximately $3.2 million from December 31, 2015, primarily due to the upgraded credit quality
of a large commercial borrower, the reclassification of a large one to four family loan relationship from impaired loans to collectively
evaluated based on payment performance, the partial charge-off and foreclosure of two other large one to four family loan relationships,
and partially offset by the addition of a large commercial relationship to impaired loans as a result of a deterioration in the
financial condition of the borrower. The Company s balance of impaired loans remains elevated over pre-2009 levels primarily
due to performing TDRs, against which there are no valuation allowances. 

The following table presents the balances
of TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Table
10: Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs)  

*Included in
nonaccrual loans in Table 7: Nonperforming Assets.  

At the time
of a TDR, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status. A loan (including a TDR) may be returned to accrual status if the borrower
has demonstrated a sustained period of repayment performance (typically six months) in accordance with the contractual terms of
the loan and there is reasonable assurance the borrower will continue to make payments as agreed.  

Financial Condition  

Summary   

At September 30, 2016, the Company had total
assets of $1.31 billion, an increase of approximately $44.5 million, or 3.5%, from $1.27 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase
in total assets was principally the result of increases in loans primarily funded by short-term borrowings, continued deposit
growth and a reduction in cash and due from banks as well as interest bearing deposits with banks. Major categories and changes
in our balance sheet are as detailed in the following schedule. 

Table
11: Balance Sheet Changes  

Investment Securities   

The investment securities portfolio plays a primary
role in the management of the Company s interest rate sensitivity. In addition, the investment securities portfolio serves
as a source of liquidity and is used as needed to meet collateral requirements, such as those related to secure public deposits,
balances with the Reserve Bank and repurchase agreements. The investment securities portfolio consists of held to maturity and
available for sale investment securities. There were no investment securities classified as  trading  at September
30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. We classify investment securities as available for sale or held to maturity based on our investment
strategy and management s assessment of our intent and ability to hold the investment securities until maturity. Management
determines the appropriate classification of investment securities at the time of purchase, subject to any subsequent change in
our intent and ability to hold the investment securities until maturity. If management has the intent and the Company has the
ability at the time of purchase to hold the investment securities to maturity, they are classified as investment securities held
to maturity and are stated at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using the interest
method. Investment securities which the Company may not hold to maturity are classified as investment securities available for
sale, as management has the intent and ability to hold such investment securities for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily
to maturity. Investment securities available for sale may be sold in response to changes in market interest rates, changes in
prepayment risk, increases in loan demand, general liquidity needs and other similar factors and are carried at fair value. 

Table
12: Investment Securities  

Total investment securities were $261.5 million
at September 30, 2016, reflecting a slight increase from $260.6 million at December 31, 2015. 

During the first nine months of 2016, the Company
sold its remaining investments in obligations of U.S. Government agencies and decreased its investments in state and political
subdivisions (primarily tax exempt) while increasing its investments in Agency residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities
in an effort to enhance the portfolio s overall structure and provide more consistent cash flows and reinvestment opportunities.
As part of our overall asset/liability management strategy, we are targeting our investment securities portfolio to be approximately
20% of our total assets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our investment securities portfolio was 19.9% and 20.5%,
respectively, of total assets. 

The available for sale portfolio had an unrealized
gain, net of tax expense, of $1.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared with an unrealized (loss), net of tax benefit, of ($1.7)
million at December 31, 2015. These unrealized gains as of September 30, 2016 were principally due to financial market conditions
for these types of investments, particularly changes in interest rates, which decreased during the first nine months of 2016 causing
bond prices to increase and thereby decreased the amount of unrealized losses at September 30, 2016. 

Loans   

The Company offers an array of lending and credit
services to customers including mortgage, commercial and consumer loans. A substantial portion of the loan portfolio is represented
by commercial and residential mortgage loans in our market area. The ability of our debtors to honor their contracts is dependent
upon the real estate and general economic conditions in our market area. The loan portfolio is the largest component of earning
assets and accounts for the greatest portion of total interest income. Total loans were $936.6 million at September 30, 2016,
an increase of approximately $55.8 million, or 6.3%, from $880.8 million at December 31, 2015. The following table presents the
composition of the Company s loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

Table
13: Loan Portfolio  

Loans increased during the first nine months
of 2016 primarily due to organic loan growth and the purchase of $16.4 million in performing commercial and consumer loans. Commercial,
industrial and agricultural loans increased primarily as a result of the continued efforts of our loan production office in Chesterfield,
Virginia. Closed end first and second loans decreased primarily due to weak demand in our rural markets, and refinancing activity
in a competitive mortgage lending market driven by the low interest rate environment.  Other construction, land development
and other land loans increased as the Company has renewed its focus and efforts on this loan segment with our in-house expertise.
Consumer loans increased primarily due to the purchase of $9.5 million in performing recreational vehicle loans. Loan growth in
the Company s rural markets, primarily on the consumer side, remained weak while competition for commercial loans, especially
in the Richmond and Tidewater markets, has been and is expected to continue to be intense given the historically low rate environment
and increased competition among banks and other financial institutions. 

Deposits   

The Company s predominant source of funds
is depository accounts. The Company s deposit base, which is provided by individuals and businesses located within the communities
served, is comprised of demand deposits, savings and money market accounts, and time deposits. The Company augments its deposit
base through conservative use of brokered deposits, including through the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service program
( CDARS ). The Company s balance sheet growth is largely determined by the availability of deposits in its markets,
the cost of attracting the deposits and the prospects of profitably utilizing the available deposits by increasing the loan or
investment securities portfolios. 

Total deposits were $1.0 billion as of September
30, 2016, an increase of approximately $21.6 million, or 2.2%, from $988.7 million as of December 31, 2015. The following table
presents the composition of the Company s deposits at the dates indicated. 

Table
14: Deposits  

During the first nine months of 2016, the Company s
deposits increased due to organic growth that was in part driven by the Company s marketing and advertising initiatives
as well as new products and services. The increase in our noninterest-bearing demand deposits was due to organic growth and as
a result of customers seeking the liquidity and safety of demand deposit accounts in light of continuing economic uncertainty
in general. Savings deposits increased as a result of our new Kasasa products and related marketing and advertising initiatives.
The decrease in money market savings deposits was due to seasonality of our local government and business clients, timing of reinvestments
of maturing brokered certificates of deposits under the CDARS program and as a result of customers seeking the liquidity of demand
deposit accounts. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $62.0 million and $53.8 million in brokered certificates
of deposits, respectively. The interest rates paid on these deposits are approximately consistent with the market rates offered
in our local area. Included in these brokered certificates of deposits as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are $36.6
million and $28.4 million, respectively, in deposits under the CDARS program. 

Borrowings   

The Company s ability to borrow funds through
non-deposit sources provides additional flexibility in meeting the liquidity needs of customers while enhancing its cost of funds
structure. Total borrowings were $162.5 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately $13.7 million, or 9.2%, from
$148.8 million at December 31, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, there have been no
material changes to the off-balance sheet arrangements disclosed in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. 

Contractual Obligations  

As of September 30, 2016, there have been no
material changes outside the ordinary course of business to the contractual obligations disclosed in the Company s 2015
Form 10-K. 

Liquidity  

Liquidity represents an institution s ability
to meet present and future financial obligations, including through the sale of existing assets or the acquisition of additional
funds through short-term borrowings. Our liquidity is provided from cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits with banks,
federal funds sold, repayments from loans, sales of loans, increases in deposits, lines of credit from the FHLB and three correspondent
banks, sales of investments, interest and dividend payments received from investments and maturing investments. We also use other
short and long-term borrowings to provide additional liquidity when available on terms favorable to the Company, including entering
into repurchase agreements with customers and issuing subordinated debt and notes. Our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity
may be affected by numerous factors, including economic conditions nationally and in our markets, financial market conditions,
and available borrowing capacity under certain of our borrowing sources. Depending on our liquidity levels, our capital position,
conditions in the capital markets and other factors, we may from time to time consider the issuance of debt, equity or other securities,
or other possible capital market transactions, the proceeds of which could provide additional liquidity for operations. 

As a result of our management of liquid assets
and our ability to generate liquidity through liability funding, we believe that we maintain overall liquidity to satisfy our
depositors  requirements and to meet customers  credit needs. We also take into account any liquidity needs generated
by off-balance sheet transactions such as commitments to extend credit, commitments to purchase securities and standby letters
of credit. 

We monitor and plan our liquidity position for
future periods. Liquidity strategies are implemented and monitored by our Asset/Liability Committee. 

Cash, cash equivalents and federal funds sold
totaled $20.0 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $32.0 million as of December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, cash,
cash equivalents, federal funds sold and unpledged investment securities available for sale were $218.7 million, or 18.2%, of
total assets, compared to $204.4 million, or 16.1%, of total assets at December 31, 2015. 

As disclosed in the Company s consolidated
statements of cash flows, net cash provided by operating activities was $12.1 million, net cash used in investing activities was
$58.3 million and net cash provided by financing activities was $34.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Combined,
this contributed to a $12.0 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company maintains access to short-term funding
sources as well, including federal funds lines of credit with three correspondent banks up to $40.0 million and the ability to
borrow from the FHLB up to $388.3 million. The Company has no reason to believe these arrangements will not be renewed at maturity.
Additional loans and investment securities are available that can be pledged as collateral for future borrowings from the FHLB
above the current lendable collateral value. 

Certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more,
maturing in one year or less, totaled $67.8 million at September 30, 2016. Certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more, maturing
in more than one year, totaled $55.9 million at September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, and other than referenced
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company was not aware of any other known trends, events or risks that have or are reasonably
likely to have a material impact on our liquidity. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has no material commitments or long-term
debt for capital expenditures. 

Capital Resources 

The assessment of capital adequacy depends on
such factors as asset quality, liquidity, earnings performance, and changing competitive conditions and economic forces. The Company
regularly reviews the adequacy of the Company s capital. The Company maintains a capital structure that it believes will
assure an adequate level of capital to support anticipated asset growth and to absorb potential losses. 

The Company and the Bank are subject to various
regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on our financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the bank s assets, liabilities,
and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classification are
also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components (such as interest rate risk), risk weighting, and other
factors. 

In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies
adopted rules to implement the Basel III capital framework and a revised framework for calculating risk-weighted assets. The Basel
III Capital Rules were effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015, and the phase-in period for the capital conservation
buffer began for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2016. For a summary of these final rules, see Part I, Item 1 under the
heading  Regulation and Supervision   Capital Requirements  included in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require that the Bank maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total, common equity Tier 1 (or CET1)
and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to
average assets (as defined). The capital conservation buffer requires that the Company and the Bank maintain additional CET1 above
minimum capital adequacy requirements. Management believes, as of September 30, 2016, the Bank meets all minimum capital requirements
to which it is subject. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Bank was categorized
as  well capitalized,  the highest level of capital adequacy. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must
maintain minimum total risk-based, CET1 risked-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios. The Company s and the
Bank s actual capital ratios as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented under Item 1.  Financial
Statements,  under the heading  Note 14. Capital Requirements  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Cash Dividends  

The Bank, as a Virginia banking corporation,
may pay dividends only out of retained earnings. In addition, regulatory authorities may limit payment of dividends by any bank,
when it is determined that such limitation is in the public interest and necessary to ensure financial soundness of the bank.
Regulatory agencies place certain restrictions on dividends paid and loans or advances made by the Bank to the Company. The amount
of dividends the Bank may pay to the Company, without prior approval, is limited to current year earnings plus retained net profits
for the two preceding years, and may be further limited if the Bank does not meet the applicable capital conservation buffer.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no cash dividends have been paid from the Bank to the Company. 

The Company s Board of Directors determines
whether to declare dividends and the amount of any dividends declared. Such determinations by the Board take into account the
Company s financial condition, results of operations and other relevant factors, including any relevant regulatory restrictions
including limits that would be imposed if the Company fails to meet the capital conservation buffer. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company paid $0.06 of cash dividends on each share of the Company s common stock and Series B Preferred Stock, as compared
to paying $0.04 of cash dividends in the same period of 2015. 

In July 2016 the Company reinitiated the Company s
Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan ( DRSPP ). The Company s DRSPP allows registered common shareholders
to automatically reinvest some or all of their common stock cash dividends in shares of the Company s common stock, subject
to the terms and conditions of the DRSPP, and provides an opportunity for investors to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock. Of the 353,473 shares reserved for issuance under the Company s DRSPP, there were 131,767 shares available
for issuance under the plan as of September 30, 2016. 

Effects of Inflation  

The effect of changing prices on financial institutions
is typically different from other industries as the Company s assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. The primary
effect of inflation on the Company s operations is reflected in increased operating costs. In management s opinion,
changes in interest rates affect the financial condition of a financial institution to a far greater degree than changes in the
inflation rate. While interest rates are significantly impacted by changes in the inflation rate, they do not necessarily change
at the same time or in the same magnitude as the inflation rate. For additional information, see the Company s 2015 Form
10-K in Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
under the heading  Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices.  

Item 3.      Quantitative
                                         and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

There have been no significant changes from
the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk made in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 4.    Controls and
                                         Procedures 

The Company s management, with the participation
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by
this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover every situation
involving the failure of persons within the Company or its subsidiary to disclose material information required to be set forth
in the Company s periodic reports. 

Management of the Company is also responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART II      -
                                         OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.      Legal
                                         Proceedings  

In the ordinary course of operations, the Company
and its subsidiaries may become a party to legal proceedings, or property of the Company or its subsidiaries may become subject
to legal proceedings. As of September 30, 2016 and based on information currently available, there are no pending legal proceedings
to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, is a party or to which the property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is subject that, in the opinion of management, may materially impact the financial condition of the Company. 

Item 1A.      Risk
                                         Factors  

There have been no material changes in the risk
factors faced by the Company from those disclosed under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Company s 2015
Form 10-K. These risk factors could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results.  Additional
risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Item 2.      Unregistered
                                         Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

In January 2001, the Company announced a stock
repurchase program by which management was authorized to repurchase up to 300,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
This plan was amended in 2003 and the number of shares by which management is authorized to repurchase is up to 5% of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock on January 1 of each year. There is no stated expiration date for the program. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock under the program. 

Item 3.       Defaults
                                         Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.      Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5.      Other
                                         Information  

None. 

Item 6.    Exhibits 

2.1 
     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of May 29, 2014, among Eastern Virginia
    Bankshares, Inc., EVB and Virginia Company Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed May 30, 2014).  
 
     3.1 
     Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc., effective
    December 29, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March
    10, 2009).  
 
     3.1.1 
     Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc.,
    effective January 6, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    January 13, 2009).  
 
     3.1.2 
     Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc.,
    effective June 10, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    June 14, 2013).  
 
     3.2 
     Bylaws of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc., as amended June 4, 2013 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 14, 2013).  
 
     31.1 
     Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.  
 
     31.2 
     Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.  
 
     32.1 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  
 
     32.2 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  
 
     101 
     The following materials from Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language), filed herewith: (i)
    Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited), (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited), (iii) Consolidated Statements
    of Comprehensive Income (unaudited), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity (unaudited), (v) Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited), and (vi) Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited).  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. 

 (Registrant) 

Date: 
     November 9, 2016 
     /s/ Joe A. Shearin  

Joe A. Shearin  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: 
     November 9, 2016 
     /s/ J. Adam Sothen  

J. Adam Sothen  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451022_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Joe A. Shearin, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: 
      November 9, 2016  

/s/ Joe A. Shearin  

Joe A. Shearin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451022_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, J. Adam Sothen, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: 
      November 9, 2016  
       
     /s/ J. Adam Sothen  

J. Adam Sothen  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451022_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

Pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350) I, Joe A. Shearin, as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Eastern Virginia Bankshares,
Inc., certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September
30, 2016, which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing
certification is made pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350) and shall not be relied
upon for any other purpose. The undersigned expressly disclaims any obligation to update the foregoing certification except as
required by law. 

Date:  
      November 9, 2016  
       
     /s/ Joe A. Shearin  

Joe A. Shearin  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451022_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

Pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350) I, J. Adam Sothen, as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Eastern Virginia
Bankshares, Inc., certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period
ended September 30, 2016, which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated.
The foregoing certification is made pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350) and shall
not be relied upon for any other purpose. The undersigned expressly disclaims any obligation to update the foregoing certification
except as required by law. 

Date: 
      November 9, 2016  
       
     /s/ J. Adam Sothen  

J. Adam Sothen  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 evbs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 evbs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 evbs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 evbs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 evbs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 evbs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

