<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1449278_0001564590-16-028687_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6217429</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210971</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>220202</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1547819</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1928120</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1211600</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028687.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028687
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TUBEMOGUL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001449278
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				510633881
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36543
		FILM NUMBER:		161984884

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 53RD STREET, SUITE 6
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-653-0677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 53RD STREET, SUITE 6
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028687.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 tube-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

tube-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR 

For the transition period from                to                
       Commission File Number: 001  -36543 
   
 TubeMogul, Inc.  
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  

(510) 653-0126  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No          
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuers classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. As of November 1, 2016, the registrant had 36,775,785 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Report Table of Contents   
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I.  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (unaudited)    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
  6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 7  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 18  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 30  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    
 
 30  

PART II.  

OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    
 
 31  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    
 
 31  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 50  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 50  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 50  

Item 5.  

Other Information    
 
 50  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    
 
 50  

Signatures    
 
 51  

2 
 
    PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
     Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
 TUBEMOGUL, INC.  
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   
 3 
 
    TUBEMOGUL, INC.   
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4 
 
    TUBEMOGUL, INC.   
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5 
 
    TUBEMOGUL, INC.   
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

6 
 
    TUBEMOGUL, INC.   
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (In thousands, except per share data and where otherwise noted) 
 (Unaudited)  
   
 1. The Company and its Significant Accounting Policies  
 The Company  
 TubeMogul, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), provides software for brand advertising. The Company s customers include many of the world s largest brands and their media agencies. The Company is headquartered in Emeryville, California and has offices in several other locations in the U.S. and internationally including in Chengdu, Kyiv, London, Paris, Sao Paulo, Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Toronto. 
    
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation 
  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding interim financial reporting,   and include the accounts of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.   Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Therefore, t  hese condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
  The consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   included herein was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, the Company s comprehensive loss and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period.  
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates in these condensed consolidated financial statements include allowances for doubtful accounts, reserves for sales allowances, useful lives for depreciation and amortization, loss contingencies, valuation of deferred tax assets, provisions for uncertain tax positions, capitalization of software costs, delivery of impressions for campaigns using the Company s programmatic TV (PTV) solution and assumptions used for valuation of stock-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those and other estimates. 
 Accounts Receivable  
 Accounts receivable are stated at net realizable value. The Company recognizes allowances for estimated bad debt and sales allowances in the period in which the related sale is recorded. Allowances for bad debts are estimated based on the Company s historical write-off experience and an assessment of customer-specific circumstances including, aged balances, payment history, changes in payment terms, and other customer-specific information which may provide an indication that account balances are not collectible. Accounts receivable are written off when management estimates no future collection is possible. 
 Many of the Company s contracts with advertising agencies provide that if the brand (i.e., the agency s customer) does not pay the agency, the agency is not liable to the Company and the Company must seek payment from the brand. Accordingly, the Company considers the creditworthiness of the brand in establishing its allowance for doubtful accounts. However, since inception, the Company has not had to initiate collection efforts directly with any brands where the contract was with an advertising agency.  
 7 
 
    The following table presents the changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts:  

Sales allowances primarily relate to credit memos issued for billing discrepancies and customer concessions, and are estimated using a combination of specifically identified potential claims and estimated amounts which are derived from actual historical experience. The allowance is recorded as a reduction to revenue in the consolidated statement of operations and accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets.  
   
 The following table presents the changes in sales allowances: 

Fair Value Measurement and Financial Instruments  
 The Company measures the fair value of its financial instruments in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) for  Fair Value Measurements . Under this standard, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair values of all reported assets and liabilities that represent financial instruments, the Company uses the carrying market values of such amounts. The provision establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company.  
 Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions as to what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available under the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the observability of inputs as follows:  
 Level 1    Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date.  
 Level 2    Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.   
 Level 3    Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date.   
 The Company had $68,759 and $72,416 of cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Inputs used in measuring fair value of cash equivalents are categorized as Level 1.       
   
   From time to time, the Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate its exposure to foreign exchange risk.  The foreign currency forward contracts are valued using observable inputs, such as quotations on forward foreign exchange points and foreign interest rates and are categorized as Level 2. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized losses of $253 and gains of $219, respectively, from settlement of these contracts. The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of certain non-U.S. dollar denominated asset positions, primarily cash and accounts receivable. Gains and losses resulting from currency exchange rate movements on these forward contracts are recognized in other income (expense) in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations in the period in which  
 8 
 
  the exchange rates change and offset the foreign currency losses and gains, respectively, on the underlying exposure being hedged.   The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.     As of September 30, 2016, the Company had forward foreign exchange contracts to buy a total notional value of $22.4 million against various foreign curre  ncies. The Company does not apply hedge accounting to its derivative transactions.   The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the foreign currency foreign exchange contracts.   The Company continually monitors   its positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved to mitigate the amount of credit exposure.     
   
 The fair value of accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and debt approximated their carrying values as of  September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 due to their short term nature. The fair values of all of these instruments are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 There were no assets measured using Level 3 inputs at September 30, 2016. 
 Segment Information  
 The Company considers operating segments to be components of the Company in which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The CODM for the Company is the Chief Executive Officer. The CODM reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The Company has one business activity, and there are no segment managers who are held accountable for operations, operating results or plans for levels or components below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it has a single operating and reportable segment, which is to design, develop and market software for branding.  
   
 9 
 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Standard  
 
 Description  
 
 Planned Date of Adoption  
 
 Effects on the Consolidated 
 Financial Statements  

Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, (ASU 2014-09)  
 
 ASU 2014-09 clarifies existing accounting literature relating to how and when a company recognizes revenue. The updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) when it becomes effective and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. Under ASU 2014-09, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. Additionally, the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The FASB decided on July 9, 2015 to defer for one year the effective date of the new revenue standard for public and nonpublic entities reporting under GAAP. The FASB also decided to permit entities to early adopt the standard, for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. 

January 1, 2018  
 
 The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases, (ASU 2016-02)  
 
 ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than twelve months. Recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. ASU 2016-02 also requires certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures. Accounting guidance for lessors is largely unchanged. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018.  
 
 January 1, 2019  
 
 The requirements should be applied on a modified retrospective basis and the updated standard will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2020. The Company expects that the impact of the adoption of this new standard will result in the recognition of a lease asset and lease liability for those operating leases in effect at the date of adoption however, the Company is still in the process of determining the full extent the impact the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net), (ASU 2016-08)  
 
 ASU 2016-08 clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The guidance includes indicators to assist an entity in determining whether it controls a specified good or service before it is transferred to the customers. The effective date and transition requirements are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09. Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date (ASU 2015-14) defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. 

January 1, 2018  
 
 The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), (ASU 2016-09)  
 
 ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. 

January 1, 2017  
 
 The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

10 

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, (ASU 2016-10)   
 
 ASU 2016-10 clarifies guidance on licensing and performance obligations based on feedback regarding potential issues associated with implementation of the new standard. The effective date is the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09. ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. 

January 1, 2018  
 
 The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, (ASU 2016-12)  
 
 ASU 2016-12 amends certain aspects of ASU 2016-09 based on certain implementation issues identified. The effective date is the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09. ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one year. 

January 1, 2018  
 
 The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASU 2016-15)  
 
 ASU 2016-15 clarifies guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. ASC 230 lacks consistent principles for evaluating the classification of cash payments and receipts in the statement of cash flows. This has led to diversity in practice and, in certain circumstances, financial statement restatements. Therefore, the FASB issued the ASU with the intent of reducing diversity in practice with respect to eight types of cash flows. 

January 1, 2018  
 
 The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  

2. Property, Equipment and Software  
 Property, equipment and software consisted of the following:  

Total depreciation and amortization expense was $1.5 million and $554 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3.3 million and $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   
 In May 2016, the Company entered into a Master Lease Agreement to lease servers and other ancillary equipment to support the development of the Company s own web hosting infrastructure. These server sites are located in Santa Clara, California; Ashburn, Virginia; Amsterdam, Netherlands and Hong Kong, China. The Company depreciates computer equipment over an estimated useful life of 36 months from the date each server was placed in service. See Note 4 for additional information. 

3. Accrued Liabilities  
 Accrued liabilities consisted of the following:  

Accrued media costs consist of amounts owed to the Company s vendors for impressions delivered through September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

11 
 
    4. Debt Obligations      

Revolving Line of Credit  
 In December 2015, the Company entered into a second amendment to its growth capital term loan and a revolving line of credit (Loan Agreement). The second amendment increased the amount of the revolving line of credit to $40.0 million and extended its maturity date to April 1, 2017.  
 In June 2016, the Company entered into a third amendment to its Loan Agreement. The third amendment extended the advance request period for the existing capital equipment financing facility from March 31, 2016 to September 30, 2016. 
 In September 2016, the Company entered into a fourth amendment to its Loan Agreement. The fourth amendment (1) amended reporting obligations related to aged accounts receivable and accounts payable, (2) extended the maturity of the date of the revolving line of credit to April 1, 2018, and (3) amended an existing adjusted quick ratio covenant to apply in the event gross profit falls below specified thresholds, as further described below.  
 Under the Loan Agreement, as amended, the Company may borrow under the revolving line of credit up to the lesser of (a) $40.0 million or (b) a borrowing base equal to 80% of eligible accounts receivable as defined in the agreement.  Advances under the revolving line of credit accrue interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the prime rate as published in the Western Edition Wall Street Journal. The Company is required to pay a minimum amount of interest equal to the amount of interest that would accrue per quarter on a notional outstanding principal balance of $2.1 million.  
 The Loan Agreement, as amended, includes a minimum gross profit covenant and an adjusted quick ratio covenant. The minimum gross profit covenant requires the Company to maintain gross profit, measured on a consolidated basis, for each trailing six-month period, of at least 80% of gross profit projected in the business plan approved by the Company s Board of Directors, tested as of the last day of each month. This minimum gross profit covenant requirement only applies if, at the end of a given month, the Company s adjusted quick ratio is less than 1.30 to 1.00. The Loan Agreement, as amended, also includes an adjusted quick ratio covenant which requires the Company to maintain an adjusted quick ratio of at least 1.10 to 1.00, tested as of the last day of each month. This adjusted quick ratio covenant only applies, if at the end of the month, the Company s gross profit is less than 85% of the gross profit projected in the business plan approved by the Company s Board of Directors, measured on a trailing six-month basis.  
 If the combined amount of the Company s cash on deposit with the lender, plus the availability under the revolving line of credit is less than $10.0 million, then the Company is required to deliver additional reporting to the lender.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $6.6 million outstanding and had $33.4 million available under the revolving line of credit. 
 12 
 
    Term Loans  
 In connection with the December 2015 second amendment to its Loan Agreement, the Company added a $5.0 million capital equipment term loan. Outstanding amounts under the facility bear interest at a floating annual rate of prime plus 0.5%. The Company is required to repay each capital equipment financing facility loan in 36 equal monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest commencing on the first day of the month immediately following the funding of each capital equipment facility loan. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $3.8 million outstanding under the capital equipment term loan and zero available for draw as the advance request period has expired. The weighted-average interest rate at September 30, 2016, was approximately 4.0%. 
   
 Capital Lease Obligations 
 The Company leases equipment under capital lease agreements to purchase computer servers. The assets and liabilities under capital lease are recorded at the lesser of the present value of aggregate future minimum lease payments, or the fair value of the asset under lease. Assets under the capital lease agreements are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
 Under the capital lease agreements, the Company is required to make monthly lease payments over a period of 36 months from the acceptance date of each server. As of September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $5.1 million in additional property, equipment and software, and recorded an offsetting capital lease obligation. At the end of the lease term, the Company has the option to purchase the servers at their fair value.  
   
 Future Payments  
 Future principal payments of debt instruments and capital lease obligations as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

5. Commitments and Contingencies  
 Operating Lease Commitments 
 The Company s commitments for minimum rentals under its operating leases and income from its sublease agreements as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Rent expense was $1.5 million and $692 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $4.1 million and $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 13 
 
    Purchase Commitments   
 In August 2015, the Company entered into a commitment to purchase media from a single supplier in the amount of $7.5 million to $15.0 million, depending on the type of media purchased. These purchases can be made at any time from February 15, 2015 through September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had purchased $2.3 million of media under this arrangement. In September 2016, the Company extended the agreement through September 30, 2017.    
 In March 2016, the Company entered into a $1.2 million purchase commitment with a TV data partner, which will be paid in monthly installments over a 12-month period beginning July 2016.  
 Irrevocable Standby Letters of Credit  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had three irrevocable standby letters of credit outstanding totaling approximately $2.2 million that are classified as restricted cash on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company entered into these letters of credit for the benefit of its landlord. These irrevocable letters of credit automatically renew on their anniversary so long as the related operating lease is still effective. These letters of credit may be canceled prior to the expiration date upon the written request of the beneficiary. 
 The Company is contractually required to keep the letters of credit for the term of the respective leases, therefore, the letters of credit are recorded as restricted cash and are classified as long-term assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 Legal  
 The Company is involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company believes that none of its current legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.  

6. Stock-Based Compensation  
 In July 2007, the Board of Directors and stockholders of the Company approved and adopted the TubeMogul, Inc. 2007 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2007 Plan) that permitted the grant of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock awards (including restricted stock units (RSUs)), and stock appreciation rights to purchase shares of the common stock of the Company. Under the 2007 Plan, shares of common stock are reserved for the issuance of permitted awards to eligible participants. Options granted generally vest and become exercisable over a four-year term from the date of grant, at a rate of 25% after one year, then monthly on a straight-line basis thereafter. Options granted generally are exercisable for up to 10 years from the date of grant. RSUs granted are generally released from restriction over a four-year term from the date of grant, at a rate of 25% after one year, then quarterly on a straight-line basis thereafter.   
 The Company has authorized and reserved a total of 6,093,703 shares of common stock under the 2007 Plan for the grant of permitted awards to employees, directors, consultants, and other service providers for the Company or related companies. The 2007 Plan terminated effective July 18, 2014, though it continues to govern outstanding awards issued under the 2007 Plan prior to July 16, 2014. 
 In February 2014, t he Company s Board of Directors and stockholders approved and adopted the TubeMogul, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan), and the 2014 Plan became effective on July 16, 2014, the day immediately preceding the Company s initial public offering (IPO). The 2014 Plan permits the grant   of   stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, performance awards and other cash-based or stock-based awards. In addition, the 2014 Plan contains a mechanism through which the Company may adopt a deferred compensation arrangement in the future.   Under the 2014 Plan, shares of common stock are reserved for the issuance of permitted awards to eligible participants.  Options granted will generally vest and become exercisable over a four-year term from the date of grant, at a rate of 25% after one year, then monthly on a straight-line basis thereafter. Options granted generally are exercisable for up to 10 years from the date of grant. RSUs granted will generally be released from restriction over a four year term from the date of grant, at a rate of 25% after one year, then quarterly on a straight-line basis thereafter. 
   The  Company initially authorized and reserved a total of 2,500,000 shares of common stock under the 2014 Plan for the grant of permitted awards. This reserve automatically increases on January 1 st  of each year, and will continue to increas  e on each subsequent anniversary through 2024. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 188,915 shares available for the grant of permitted awards. The 2014 Plan provides for an annual increase by an amount equal to the smaller of (a) five percent (5%) of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 st ; or (b) an amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors. This reserve may also be increased by up to an additional 4,975,000 shares, to include (a) any shares remaining available for grant under the 2007 Plan at the time of its termination; and (b) shares that would otherwise be returned to the 2007 Plan, upon the expiration or termination of awards granted under that plan.  
 14 
 
    Shares subject to awar  ds which expire or are canceled or forfeited will again become available for issuance under the 2014 Plan.  
 The shares available under the 2014 Plan will not be reduced by awards settled in cash, or shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations with respect to vested restricted stock units.  The shares available under the 2014 Plan will be reduced by shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations with respect to stock options and stock appreciation rights. The gross number of shares issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights or options exercised by means of a net exercise or by tender of previously owned shares will be deducted from the shares available under the 2014 Plan.  
 On September 12, 2016, the Company entered into Stock Option Termination Agreements with three members of its executive leadership including Brett Wilson, CEO, to surrender and return to the Company stock options to purchase a total of 803,683 shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements, all agreed that the surrender and cancellation of the options was without any understanding or expectation with respect to future grant of any option or other form of equity or non-equity compensation by the Company. 
 As a result, the Company recognized accelerated compensation cost of $4.0 million in the three month period ended September 30, 2016; substantially all of which was included in general and administrative costs with the remainder included in research and development costs in the Condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. 
 For purposes of the tables below, the 2007 Plan and the 2014 Plan are collectively referred to as the  Plan.  The following table summarizes the Plan s stock option activity:    

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $3.5 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested options granted under the compensation plan. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of approximately 1.44 years at September 30, 2016. 
 The fair value of options granted to employees is estimated on the date of grant and to non-employees at each measurement period using the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation model. This stock-based compensation expense valuation model requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments regarding the variables used in the calculation. These variances include the expected term (weighted-average period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding), the expected volatility of the Company s common stock, expected risk-free interest rate, expected dividends. To the extent actual results differ from the estimates, the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. The Company uses the simplified calculation of expected term, as the Company does not have sufficient historical data to use any other method to estimate expected term. Expected volatility is based on an average of the historical volatilities of the common stock of several entities with characteristics similar to those of the Company. The expected risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the option. Expected forfeitures are based on the Company s historical experience. 
   
 15 
 
    There were no sto  ck options granted in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of options for the nine months ended September 30, 2015:  

The following table summarizes the Plan s RSU activity:    

The fair value of RSUs granted to employees is estimated on the date of grant and to non-employees at each measurement period using the fair value of the underlying common stock.  
 At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $45.5 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted under the compensation plan. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of approximately 3.31 years at September 30, 2016.  
 The following table summarizes the effects of stock-based compensation in the Company s accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations:  

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In February 2014, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and the stockholders approved the Company s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which became effective in July 2014. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15% of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. The administrator may, in its discretion, modify the terms of offering periods. At the end of each offering period, employees are able to purchase shares at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the last day of the offering period. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 874,123 shares available for sale under the ESPP. The ESPP provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP on the first day of each fiscal year, equal to the least of (a) two percent of the number of shares of Stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (b) an amount determined by the Board of Directors. Shares purchased under the ESPP were 140,137 and 262,841 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

16 
 
    7. Net Loss per Share  
   
 The Company s basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The diluted net loss per share is computed by giving effect to all potential dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding for the period.  For purposes of this calculation, options to purchase common stock, RSUs and shares to be issued under the ESPP are considered common stock equivalents but have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as their effect is antidilutive as the Company had net losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.   
  The  following  securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented:   

8. Income Taxes 
 The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. as well as other tax jurisdictions in which it conducts business. Earnings from non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax. The Company does not provide for federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as such earnings are to be reinvested indefinitely.  
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of $275 and $48 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, and $685 and $257 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, related to foreign income taxes and state minimum taxes. Based on the available objective evidence during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, management believes it is more likely than not that the tax benefits of the U.S. losses incurred during that period may not be realized by the end of the 2016 fiscal year. Accordingly, the Company did not record the tax benefits of the U.S. losses incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The primary difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate relates to not benefitting the U.S. losses, foreign tax rate differences, meals and entertainment, stock-based compensation and state and local minimum and capital taxes. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no material uncertain tax positions. 
 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and similar state provisions. Any annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization.  

17 

Item 2.   
 
          M  anagement s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations      

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows should be read in conjunction with (1) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Form 10-Q), and (2) the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-36543). This Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act.  These statements are often identified by the use of words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   project,   will,   would  or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified herein, and those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors,  set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q and in our other SEC filings. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 Overview  
 TubeMogul is a leader in software for brand advertising. Advertisers use TubeMogul s software platform to plan, buy, measure, and optimize their global brand advertising. By reducing complexity, improving transparency and leveraging real-time data, our platform enables advertisers to gain greater control of their advertising spend and achieve their brand advertising objectives.  
 By integrating programmatic technologies and disparate sources of inventory within a single platform, we enable our customers to launch sophisticated, scalable advertising campaigns   onto digital devices and televisions   within minutes. Brands use our platform to verify the success and impact of their advertising campaigns by measuring the audience reached by the campaign, how the audience interacted with their advertisements and the impact the campaign had on the consumer s perception of the brand. Our platform uses these real-time insights to dynamically optimize spend across multiple sources of inventory including digital ad exchanges, supply-side platforms, private marketplaces, ad networks and direct premium publishers. Our platform measures key brand advertising metrics including brand lift, as measured by integrated brand surveys, as well as GRPs (Gross Rating Points) and engagement. 
 We make our platform available through two offerings: Platform Direct, which allows advertisers to continuously run campaigns through a self-serve model, and Platform Services, which allows advertisers to specify campaign objectives and have our team execute the campaign on their behalf using our platform.  
 Our Platform Direct offering allows advertisers to run self-serve campaigns eliminating the often complex and inefficient RFP process through which digital media is typically bought. Platform Direct customers enter into master service agreements with us that enable them to execute all of their campaigns under the agreement without the need for campaign-by-campaign insertion orders or IOs. We generate Platform Direct revenue by charging our customers a utilization fee that is a percentage of media spend as well as fees for additional features offered through our platform. Because Platform Direct customers have control of the media purchasing decisions through our platform, our Platform Direct revenue is recognized on a net basis, meaning that it only includes our fees and not the cost of media purchased. The gross margin for our Platform Direct offering for the year ended December 31, 2015 was 96%. 
 Our Platform Services offering allows advertisers who continue to use a traditional RFP process to realize the benefits of our platform without needing to alter their purchasing process. Platform Services arrangements are generally in the form of discrete IOs which are negotiated on a campaign-by-campaign basis. We generate Platform Services revenue by delivering digital video advertisements based upon our customer s campaign specifications. Our Platform Services revenue is recognized on a gross basis, meaning that it includes the cost of the media purchased. The gross margin for our Platform Services offering for the year ended December 31, 2015 was 49%.  
 For 2015, campaigns were executed through our platform for over 5,000 brands, both directly and through agencies. Total Spend through our platform has increased to $414.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $254.3 million and $111.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, representing a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 92%. We define Total Spend as the aggregate gross dollar volume that our Platform Direct customers and Platform Services customers spend through our platform, which includes media purchases and our fees. We actively engage with our Platform Services customers to educate them about the benefits of migrating to our Platform Direct offering.  
 We were incorporated in California in 2007 and reincorporated in Delaware in March 2014.  
 18 
 
    Third Quarter 2016 Highlights  
 For the third quarter of 2016, we recorded revenue of $56.1 million, an increase of 21% as compared to the third quarter of 2015, and gross profit of $36.8 million, an increase of 18% as compared to the third quarter of 2015. Gross margin was 65.7%, compared with 67.0% in the third quarter of 2015. 
 Total Spend for the third quarter of 2016 was $138.3 million, an increase of 34% as compared to the third quarter of 2015. 
 The growth in total revenue is due to an increase in both Platform Services and Platform Direct businesses as compared to the third quarter of 2015, and is largely driven by the growth in our programmatic TV (PTV) product offering particularly as part of our Platform Services revenue. The lower gross margin percentage for our Platform Services business in the third quarter of 2016 was partially offset by slight increases in Platform Direct gross margins. 
 Operating loss was $11.1 million, compared to an operating loss of $3.0 million in the third quarter of 2015. Basic and diluted net loss per share was $0.34, compared to $0.11 in the third quarter of 2015. A portion of the change in operating loss is due to the recognition of $4.0 million of non-cash stock-based compensation cost related to the cancellation of stock options for certain executives. 
 Please see  Total Spend and Platform Direct Spend  below for a reconciliation of Total Spend and Platform Direct Spend to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.  
 Key Operating and Financial Performance Metrics  
 To help us monitor the overall performance of our business and identify trends, we evaluate the following key metrics: Total Spend, Platform Direct Spend, revenue, gross profit, gross margin and Adjusted EBITDA. Total Spend, Platform Direct Spend and Adjusted EBITDA are discussed immediately following the table below. Revenue, gross profit and gross margin are further discussed under the headings  Components of our Results of Operations.   

19 
 
    Total Spend and Platform Direct Spend   
 For purposes of calculating Total Spend and Platform Direct Spend, we define spend as the aggregate gross dollar volume that our customers spend through our platform, which includes cost of media purchases and our fees. Platform Direct Spend does not represent revenue earned by us and is a non-GAAP financial measure defined by us as the spend through our Platform Direct offering. Platform Services Spend equals our Platform Services revenue. Total Spend does not represent revenue earned by us and is a non-GAAP financial measure defined by us as the sum of Platform Direct Spend and Platform Services Spend. We believe Platform Direct Spend and Total Spend are meaningful measures of our operating performance because our ability to generate increases in Platform Direct Spend and Total Spend are strongly correlated to our ability to generate increases in Platform Direct revenue and revenue, respectively. Platform Direct Spend and Total Spend are used by our management and Board of Directors to understand our business and make operating decisions. We review Total Spend and Platform Direct Spend for internal management purposes and to assess the total scale of our platform and to a lesser extent, market share as it allows us to compare our results to advertising expenditures of our clients as well as the potentially competitive companies that report all or substantially all spending transacted on their platform as GAAP revenue.  A limitation of each of Platform Direct Spend and Total Spend is that each is a measure that we have defined for internal purposes that may be unique to us, and therefore it may not enhance the comparability of our results to other companies in our industry that have similar business arrangements but present the impact of media costs differently. Because of these limitations, you should consider Platform Direct Spend and Total Spend along with the corresponding GAAP-based measures. The following is a reconciliation of these measures to Platform Direct revenue and revenue, the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

Adjusted EBITDA  
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined by us as net loss before interest income (expense), net, provision for income tax, depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, and foreign exchange gains and losses, both realized and unrealized.  Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure used by our management and Board of Directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short and long-term operational plans. In particular, we believe that the exclusion of the amounts in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and Board of Directors. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net loss, operating loss or any other measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP as measures of operating performance or operating cash flows or as measures of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA is used by investors and security analysts to measure a company s performance without regard to items we exclude in calculating this measure, which can vary substantially from company to company, depending on the amount of stock-based compensation, tax structure, their financing, capital structures and the method by which assets were acquired.  Please see below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.  

20 
 
    In March 2016, we revised our definition of Adjusted EBITD  A to exclude all amortization, including amortization of internal-use software. We believe the exclusion of all amortization from Adjusted EBITDA provides management and the Board of Directors a more useful measure to understand and evaluate our core opera  ting performance and trends. For comparison purposes, the following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, using our historical method for calculating this non-GAAP financial measure:  

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are as follows:  

although depreciation and amortization expense are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements, including costs incurred for internally developed software;      

although stock-based compensation is a non-cash charge, the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation is not reflected in Adjusted EBITDA.  Stock-based compensation is, and will remain, an element of our long-term incentive compensation, although we exclude it as an expense when evaluating our ongoing operating performance for a particular period;     

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: (1) changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (2) the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; (3) impact of foreign exchange gains and losses, both realized and unrealized; or (4) tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and      

other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure.      

 Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA along with other GAAP-based financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net loss, and our GAAP financial results.  
   
 Factors Affecting Our Performance  
 We believe that the continued growth and future success of our business depend on various opportunities, challenges and other factors, including the following:  
 Retention of and Growth in Spend by Existing Customers  
 Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to retain our existing customers, gain a larger amount of their advertising spend through both our Platform Direct and Platform Services offerings, and obtain new customers.  
 Customer Transition from Platform Services to Platform Direct  
 Our sales strategy is to educate our customers about the benefits of shifting from Platform Services, where purchases are made on a campaign-by-campaign basis, to Platform Direct, where customers are able to consolidate their video advertising spend through one solution on a self-serve basis. Our future performance will be impacted by our ability to continue to convince customers to shift to our Platform Direct offering. Since 2011, the growth in the proportion of our Total Spend represented by Platform Direct Spend is an indicator of our ability to convince customers to shift from Platform Services to our Platform Direct offering.  
 21 
 
    Sales Leverage Improvement   
 Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability will depend on our ability to generate operating leverage inherent from the self-serve model of our Platform Direct offering. After our initial investments to acquire new Platform Direct customers, we typically generate significant revenue from these customers without commensurate increases in sales and marketing expenses.  
   Investment in Growth   
 We plan to continue to invest for long-term growth. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we invest in research and development to maintain and enhance our platform, in sales and marketing primarily to acquire new customers and in general and administrative expenses to support our growth. We believe that these investments will contribute to our long-term growth, although they will adversely affect our results of operations in the near term. In addition, the timing of these investments can result in fluctuations in our annual and quarterly operating results.  
 Market Growth  
 We expect to benefit from the continued growth in the digital video and television advertising markets but any material change in the growth rate of these markets could affect our performance. The growth of such markets may be adversely impacted by a variety of factors including any delays in the shift of video advertising spend from traditional TV to digital channels. In addition, advertising spend is closely tied to the performance of the economy and a downturn in economic conditions could adversely affect the overall advertising market and our operating results.  
 Revenue Growth from Additional Media Markets  
 Our future performance will be dependent in part upon the continued growth of digital video channels, including mobile video, connected TV, social video and TV formats such as video on demand, and upon our ability to grow our revenue in these channels. Accordingly, our business and operating results will be significantly affected by our ability to timely enhance our platform to address these emerging segments of the digital video advertising market and the speed with which advertisers adopt these channels to conduct their advertising campaigns.  
 Seasonality  
 In the advertising industry, companies commonly experience seasonal fluctuations in revenue. For example, many advertisers allocate the largest portion of their budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with increased holiday purchasing. Historically, the fourth quarter of the year reflects our highest level of advertising activity, and the first quarter reflects the lowest level of such activity. We expect our revenue to continue to fluctuate based on seasonal factors that affect the advertising industry as a whole. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations  
 Revenue  
 We generate revenue from our Platform Direct customers from fees based on a percentage of their media spend through our platform as well as from fees for additional services delivered concurrently such as audience targeting data, ad serving, brand safety, topic targeting and other reporting related services that we offer. We generate revenue from our Platform Services customers by delivering digital video advertisements based upon a pre-agreed set of fixed objectives with an advertiser or agency. Our Platform Services business is generally priced based upon a cost per thousand impressions (CPM) based upon specific campaign specifications such as number of engagements, completed views or on-target impressions.  
 Cost of Revenue  
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of media costs. Media costs consist of advertising impressions we purchase from third-party sources of advertising inventory in connection with our Platform Services offering. We typically pay for these impressions on a CPM basis. Cost of revenue also includes technical infrastructure costs which include the cost of internal and third-party servers and related services, internet access costs and amortization of internal use software development costs on revenue-producing technologies. After giving effect to the allocation of these costs between our Platform Direct revenue (in respect of which it is the largest component of cost of revenue) and Platform Services revenue based upon the amount of media purchases through each service, our gross margin for Platform Direct revenue and Platform Services revenue was 96.6% and 47.3%, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
 22 
 
    In our Platform Services arrangements, we generally enter into binding IOs with fixed price commitments which are determined prior to the launch of an advertising campaign. To fulfill these commitments, we purchase advertising inventory o  n a real-time basis during the course of the advertising campaign period, which may be weeks or months. As a result, we are exposed to market risk that the cost of such inventory to us may be greater than we expected when we entered into the IO or we may b  enefit from market prices being less than we expected, either of which impact our media costs as a percentage of revenue.   
 Operating Expenses  
 We classify our operating expenses into three categories: research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative. Our operating expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, technical infrastructure costs, marketing related costs, and facilities costs. Personnel costs include salaries, bonuses and commissions for sales personnel, stock-based compensation expense, and employee benefit costs.  
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, outsourced engineering costs associated with the ongoing maintenance and development of our platform and related technologies, allocated technical infrastructure costs directly related to research and development activities, and other operating costs allocable to engineering activities.  
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including operations personnel costs allocable to sales and marketing activities, outsourced sales and marketing activities, brand marketing, trade shows, travel and entertainment, and marketing collateral. 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with our executive, finance, human resources, legal, information technology, business development and other administrative functions, and also includes accounting, legal and other professional service fees, real estate and facility costs, bad debt expense, depreciation expense and other corporate expenses.  
 Other Expense, Net  
 Other expense, net includes miscellaneous income (expense) from nonrecurring transactions and interest income (expense), net which is related to the interest earned on our money market cash balances, and interest due on our term loan, revolving line of credit and capital lease obligation.  
 Foreign exchange loss, net consists of gains and losses on foreign currency translation as well as realized losses or gains, respectively, from the settlement of our foreign currency forward contracts. We have foreign currency exposure related to our accounts receivable and accounts payable that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar which we hedge, principally the British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Australian dollar. To the extent that our revenue from international operations increases and the scope of our international operations grows, our operating results will become more susceptible to changes in foreign currency rates.  
   
 Provision for Income Taxes  
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of state income taxes in the U.S. and income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of benefits from our deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carry forwards, research and development and other tax credits, we have a full valuation allowance reserved against such assets.  
 23 
 
    Results of Operations   
 The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated results of operations and our condensed consolidated results of operations as a percentage of total revenue for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparisons of results are not necessarily indicative of future periods.  

(1)   
 
 Stock-based compensation expense included above was as follows:     

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Revenue  

24 
 
    Revenue increased by $9.6 million, or 21%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   Platform   Direct revenue increased by $3.0 million, or 17%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Platform Direct revenue from customer  s who spent with us during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that did not spend with us during the three months ended September 30, 2015 contributed $4.3 million of the growth. This growth was partially offset by a $1.3 million decrease in Platform   Direct revenue from customers who were customers during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Platform Services revenue increased by $6.6 million, or 23%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 3  0, 2015. Platform Services revenue from customers who spent with us during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that did not spend with us during the three months ended September 30, 2015 contributed $11.1 million of the growth.   This growth was partia  lly offset by a $4.5 million decrease in Platform Services revenue from customers who spent with us during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Platform Services revenue grew in the third quarter of 2016 primarily due to an increase in PTV as compare  d to prior quarters.  
 Revenue increased by $31.4 million, or 26%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Platform Direct revenue increased by $14.9 million, or 30%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Platform Direct revenue from customers who spent with us during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that did not spend with us during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 contributed $10.2 million of the growth. Platform Direct revenue from customers who were customers during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 contributed to $4.7 million of the growth . Platform Services revenue increased by $16.4 million, or 23%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in Platform Services revenue was primarily due to the revenue from customers who spent with us during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that did not spend with us during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 We expect revenue to be impacted by seasonality (in particular, sequential declines in the first and third quarter and the concentration of advertising spending in the fourth quarter) and changes in contribution of Platform Direct and Platform Services Spend to Total Spend.  
   
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin  

Cost of revenue increased by $3.9 million, or 25%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 due primarily to a $3.8 increase in media costs associated with the growth in Platform Services revenue. Technical infrastructure costs and amortization of internally developed software costs increased by $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. After giving effect to the allocation of these costs between Platform Direct revenue and Platform Services revenue, gross profit from Platform Direct and Platform Services revenue increased to $20.2 million and $16.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $17.1 million and $14.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Gross margin decreased to 65.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 67.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Gross margin decreased primarily due to a lower gross margin percentage from Platform Services in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
 Cost of revenue increased by $8.8 million, or 23%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due primarily to an $8.2 million increase in media costs associated with the growth in Platform Services revenue. Technical infrastructure costs and amortization of internally developed software costs increased by $0.6 million, or 33%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in technical infrastructure cost was due to increased costs of third-party data center operations, hosting and ad server management and bandwidth costs associated with the growth in Platform Direct and Platform Services revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. After giving effect to the allocation of these technical infrastructure costs between Platform Direct revenue and Platform Services revenue, gross profit from Platform Direct and Platform Services revenue increased to $62.9 million and $43.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $48.1 million and $35.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Gross margin increased to 68.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 68.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in Platform Services gross margin. 
 25 
 
    Research and Development   

Research and development expense increased by $3.7 million, or 34%, during the  three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to the  three months ended September 30, 2015 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs of $2.6 million, related to a 38% increase in headcount, as of September 30, 2016, which reflected our continued investment in hiring technical personnel to maintain our platform and support our research and development effort, as well as a $0.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to the cancellation of stock options for certain executives. Additionally, costs related to technical infrastructure increased by $0.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and was driven by growth in the business. 
 Research and development expense increased by $11.3 million, or 39%, during the  nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to the  nine months ended September 30, 2015 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs of $8.8 million, related to a 38% increase in headcount, as of September 30, 2016 which reflected our continued investment in hiring technical personnel, including several engineering leads, to maintain our platform and support our research and development effort, as well as a $0.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to the cancellation of stock options for certain executives. Additionally, costs related to technical infrastructure and outsourced engineering increased by $2.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and was driven by growth in the business, domestically and internationally.  
 We believe that continued investment in our platform is critical to achieving our objectives, and we expect research and development expenses to continue to increase in the fourth quarter.  
 Sales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing expense increased by $3.4 million, or 25%, during the  three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs of $2.7 million, related to an 11% increase in headcount to support our revenue growth and a $0.7 million increase in other marketing and marketing related costs driven by our TubeMogul University event in September 2016.  
 Sales and marketing expense increased by $11.3 million, or 30%, during the  nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs of $11.1 million, related to an 11% increase in headcount to support our revenue growth, and an increase of $0.2 million in marketing and marketing related costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in the fourth quarter as we continue to actively invest in our business, including expanding our domestic and international business. 
 General and Administrative  

26 
 
    General and administrative expense increased by $6.7 million, or 69%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in   personnel costs of $4.8 million, related to a $3.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to the cancellation of stock options for certain executives, as well as a 20% increase in headcount as of September 30, 2016. General and admini  strative expense also increased due to an increase in rent and facility related costs of $1.1 million associated with office relocations and upgrades and existing office expansions, and an additional $0.9 million in other general operating costs such as of  fice expenses, professional fees, depreciation and other similar costs.  
 General and administrative expense increased by $12.9 million, or 49%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs of $7.8 million, related to a $3.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to the cancellation of stock options for certain executives, as well as a 20% increase in headcount as of September 30, 2016. General and administrative expense also increased due to an increase in rent and facility related costs of $3.1 million as we opened new offices and expanded some of our existing facilities, and an additional $2.0 million in other general operating costs such as office expenses, professional fees, depreciation and other similar costs. 
 In 2016, we continued to invest in our corporate infrastructure and incurred expenses related to being a public company, however, we anticipate that general and administrative expenses will decrease in the fourth quarter. 
 Other Expense, Net  
 The change in other expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains and losses from the strengthening of the US dollar against most currencies in 2015 and early 2016, as well as realized gains and losses from the settlement of our foreign currency forward contracts and other miscellaneous income from nonrecurring transactions.  
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The increase in our provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 primarily relates to state taxes and taxes due in foreign jurisdictions.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
         Since our incorpora  tion in March 2007, we have financed our operations and capital expenditures through private sales of convertible preferred stock, revolving lines of credit,   term debt, a capital equipment term loan available to finance hardware, capital leases and $106.0 million of   net proceeds from   our public offerings, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and before deducting total expenses in connection with our public offerings of $4.2 million. 
 Our principal sources of cash are our existing cash and cash equivalents balances and funds that may be drawn under our revolving line of credit and our capital equipment term loan. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $84.1 million and borrowing capacity of $33.4 million under our revolving line of credit and zero available for draw under our capital equipment term loan as the advance request period has expired. As of September 30, 2016, we had $6.6 million outstanding under the revolving line of credit and $3.8 million outstanding under the capital equipment term loan. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents together with the revolving line of credit and the capital equipment term loan, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our liquidity assumptions, including our ability to collect and the timing of our receivables collections, may prove to be incorrect, and we could utilize our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth in the section of this Form 10-Q entitled Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors.   
 27 
 
    Cash Flows   
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented:  

Operating Activities  
 Cash used in operating activities is primarily influenced by the amount of cash we invest in personnel and infrastructure to support the anticipated growth of our business and the increase in the Total Spend by customers using our platform. Cash used in operating activities has typically been due to net loss, adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense, and changes in our operating assets and liabilities, in particular, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and liabilities as we grow our business. In periods of high growth, our working capital needs may become greater as we remit payment for media purchased through our platform by our Platform Direct and Platform Services customers in advance of receiving payment from our customers.  Our average DPO was 86 days and our average DSO was 103 days for 2015. We compute our DSO and DPO based on our average trade receivables or trade payables, respectively, for the trailing twelve month period divided by, for DSO, daily Total Spend and for DPO, daily cost of revenue and operating expenses, excluding noncash and payroll related expenses, in each case, over such period. The average trade receivables or trade payables are the average of the trade receivables or trade payables balances at the beginning and end of the twelve month period. Daily Total Spend is the spend for the trailing twelve month period divided by 365 days. Daily cost of revenue and operating expenses are the cost of revenue and operating expenses, excluding noncash and payroll related expenses, for the trailing twelve month period divided by 365 days. While we typically experience slow payment by advertising agencies, as is common in our industry, we have historically experienced minimal accounts receivable write-offs.  
  Cash provided by operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.9 million, due to a $3.0 million increase in operating assets and liabilities and an increase in non-cash expenses totaling $24.4 million which primarily comprised of stock-based compensation expense, offset by net loss of $24.5 million. The net change in working capital  was primarily due to an increase of $21.9 million in accounts payable, an increase of $4.4 million in accrued liabilities related to the increase in the purchase of media due to seasonality, a $4.0 million increase in other current and noncurrent liabilities as a result of the increase in cost of revenue, offset by an increase in accounts receivable of $25.1 million related to the increase in Total Spend, and a $2.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets.  
 Cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $19.4 million, due to net loss of $12.2 million, offset by non-cash expenses totaling $13.5 million, and $20.6 million effect provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities. The net change in working capital was due to an increase in accounts receivable of $41.4 million related to the increase in Total Spend and a net increase of $22.5 million in accrued liabilities and accounts payable related to an increase in purchase of media and other liabilities to support the growth of the business. 
 We expect cash provided by and used in operating activities to fluctuate significantly in future periods as a result of a number of factors including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing and amount of our media purchases and other liability payments.  
 Investing Activities  
  Cash used in investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9.8 million, due to purchases of property, equipment and software, in support of the growth of the business, and a $0.7 million increase in restricted cash related to security deposits on real estate leases.   
 Cash used in investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $3.4 million, due to  purchases of property, equipment and software, in support of the growth of the business.   
 28 
 
    Fin  ancing Activities   
 Cash provided by financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $8.1 million, primarily due to $5.2 million in net borrowings and $2.9 million in proceeds from the issuances of common stock from the exercises of options and under the ESPP. 
 Cash provided by financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $60.4 million, primarily due to net proceeds from the follow-on public offering of $58.3 million, net of underwriting discounts, commission and offering costs paid for during the period, the issuance of common stock under the ESPP and option exercises of $2.1 million. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  
 Indemnification Agreements  
 In the normal course of business, we provide customers with indemnification provisions of varying scope against claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties arising from the use of our products. Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant and we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnification provisions on our future results of operations. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with directors and certain officers and employees that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers or employees. No demands have been made upon us to provide indemnification under such agreements and there are no claims that we are aware of that could have a material effect on our consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statement of operations, consolidated statement of comprehensive loss or consolidated cash flows. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

Operating lease obligation amounts above do not reflect our future minimum rents receivable under our existing subleases of approximately $0.2 million during the next three months, $0.8 million in 2017 and 2018, and $0.6 million in 2019.  
 In August 2015, we entered into a commitment to purchase media in the amount of $7.5 million to $15.0 million, depending on the type of media purchased. These purchases can be made at any time from February 15, 2015 through September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we purchased $2.3 million of media under this arrangement. Future payments under this arrangement are not included in the above table as payments are based on campaign activity, which are unpredictable in nature. The agreement was extended and now provides us until September 30, 2017 to purchase the remaining media.  
 Credit Facilities 
                 Our Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, as amended, (Loan Agreement), provides for a $40.0 million revolving line of credit with a maturity date of April 1, 2018 and a $5.0 million capital equipment term loan. The Loan Agreement also includes a financial covenant that requires that we meet certain minimum revenue and gross profit levels.    As of September 30, 2016, the total borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit were $6.6 million and the total borrowings outstanding under the capital equipment term loan were $3.8 million. Advances under the line of credit accrue interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the prime rate as published in the Western Edition Wall Street Journal. The capital equipment term loan bears interest at a floating annual rate of prime plus 0.5%, and when utilized, we are required to make equal monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest over a period of 36 months from the date of borrowing. As of September 30, 2016, we were compliant with existing loan covenants.  
 29 
 
    Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates   
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates.  
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, capitalized software development costs, and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of accounting changes and recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our condensed consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 in the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3.   
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk     

 We have operations both within the U.S. and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risks.  
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk  
 Our cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and money market funds. Our borrowings under our revolving credit facility and term loans are generally at floating interest rates. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. Because our cash and cash equivalents have a relatively short maturity, our portfolio s fair value is relatively insensitive to interest rate changes. We do not believe that an increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on our operating results or financial condition. In future periods, we will continue to evaluate our investment policy in order to ensure that we continue to meet our overall objectives.  
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  
 We have limited foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, principally the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar, the British pound and the Euro. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Although we have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net loss as a result of transaction gains (losses) related to revaluing certain cash balances, trade accounts receivable balances and intercompany balances that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, we believe such a change will not have a material impact on our results of operations. As our international operations expand, our operating results may be more exposed to fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which we do business.  We use derivative financial instruments to reduce foreign currency exchange risks. We use foreign currency forward contracts to partially mitigate the impact of fluctuations in cash and accounts receivable balances denominated in foreign currency. We do not use these contracts for speculative or trading purposes, nor are they designated as hedges. These contracts typically have a maturity of one month, and we record gains and losses from these instruments in other income (expense), net.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had forward foreign exchange contracts to buy a total notional value of $22.4 million against various foreign currencies. 

Item 4.   
 
     Control and Procedures     

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s  
 30 
 
  rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures inc  lude, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, includin  g its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and   Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.   
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred the period covered by this Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP.  However, our management, including our  Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,  does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Additionally, control systems may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings     

 We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, litigation, or claims that could materially affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. We may, from time to time, be party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As our growth continues, we may become party to an increasing number of litigation matters and claims. The outcome of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of any future matters could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows or financial position.   

Item 1A.   
 
     Risk Factors    

 You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this Report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. If any of the following risks is realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Risks Related to Our Business  
 We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future.  
       We have incurred   losses in each fiscal year since our incorporation in 2007 and   had an accumulated deficit of $61.5 million as of September 30, 2016. We may not be profitable in the future as we anticipate that our operating expenses will increase significantly in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development to enhance our platform and in sales and marketing to acquire new customers. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. Even if we are successful in increasing our customer base, we may not become profitable in the future or may be unable to maintain any profitability achieved if we fail to increase our revenue and manage our operating expenses or if we incur unanticipated liabilities. Although our revenue has increased substantially in recent periods, the rate of growth has declined in recent quarters. We may not be able to slow or reverse this decline in the revenue growth rate and we may not be able to sustain current revenue levels. Revenue growth may slow or revenue may decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our offering, increasing competition, lengthening sales cycles, decelerating growth of, or declines in, our overall market, or our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities or to introduce new offerings. We could also incur increased losses as we continue to focus on growing our Platform Direct offering because the sales cycle with those customers tends to be protracted, resulting in the majority of costs associated with sales  
 31 
 
  of our Platform Direct offering being generally incurred up front, while customers are billed over time through our usage-based pricing model. Any failure by us to ac  hieve and maintain profitability could cause the price of our common stock to decline significantly.   
 Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects.  
 While we have experienced significant growth in recent periods, our short operating history and developing business model make it difficult to evaluate our current business and our future prospects. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly developing and changing industries, including challenges in forecasting accuracy, determining appropriate investments of our limited resources, market acceptance of our platform and future features and functionality, competition from new and established companies, including those with greater financial and technical resources, acquiring and retaining customers and increasing revenue from existing customers, enhancing our platform and developing new technologies, features and functionality. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties that we will encounter as we continue to develop our business model. We may not be able to address these risks and difficulties successfully, which would materially harm our business and operating results and cause the market price of our common stock to decline.  
 We may not maintain our recent revenue growth.  
 Our revenue growth will depend, in part, on our ability to acquire new customers, gain a larger amount of our existing customers  advertising spend, continue to innovate and develop new technologies, features and functionality, extend our global footprint and increase our share of and compete successfully in new, growing digital video and programmatic television advertising markets, and we may fail to do so. A variety of factors outside of our control could affect our revenue growth, including changes in spend budgets of advertisers and the timing and size of their spend. Decisions by advertisers to delay or reduce their advertising spending or divert spending away from video advertising could slow our revenue growth or reduce our revenue. Our success in implementing our strategy of migrating customers from our Platform Services offering to our Platform Direct offering could also slow our revenue growth as we recognize a higher amount of revenue from the same amount of spend associated with our Platform Services offering than with our Platform Direct offering. You should not consider our recent growth rate in revenue as indicative of our future growth.  
 We may experience quarterly fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors which make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations.  
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not consider our past results, including our recent growth rates in terms of advertising spend and revenue, as indicative of our future performance.  
 In addition to other risk factors listed in this section, factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include the following:  

fluctuations in demand for our platform, including seasonal variations in our customers  advertising spend;      

the level of advertising spend managed through our platform for a particular quarter and the mix between spend managed through our Platform Direct offering and Platform Services offering;      

budgeting cycles and changes in video advertising budgets of and spending by our customers;      

the length and associated unpredictability of our sales cycle;      

the timing and amount of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure;      

the timing and amount of investment in the development of new technologies, and features and functionality of our platform;      

changes in the availability or price of advertising inventory;      

the timing and success of changes in our offerings or those of our competitors;      

changes in our pricing or pricing of our competitors  solutions and changes in the pricing of digital video advertising generally;      

network outages or security breaches or the perception that our platform or customer or consumer data is not secure and any associated expenses;      

delay between our payments for advertising inventory purchased through our platform and our subsequent collection of fees from our customers related to that inventory;      

changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors or customers;      

changes in government regulation applicable to our industry;      

 32 

foreign currency exchange   rate fluctuations; and      

general economic and political conditions in our domestic and international markets.      

 Based upon all of the factors described above, we have a limited ability to forecast our future revenue, costs and expenses, and as a result, our operating results may from time to time fall below our estimates.  
 If our customers do not maintain and increase their advertising spend through our platform, our revenue growth and results of operations will be adversely affected.  
 Our contracts and relationships with advertisers generally do not include long-term or exclusive obligations requiring them to use our platform or maintain or increase their advertising spend on our platform. Furthermore, advertisers generally use multiple providers in managing advertising spend. Accordingly, we must convince our customers to use our platform, increase their usage and spend a larger share of their advertising budgets with us, and do so on an on-going basis. We may not be successful at educating and training customers, particularly our newer customers, on the benefits of our platform to increase usage and generate higher levels of advertising spend. If these efforts are unsuccessful, or advertisers decide not to continue to maintain or increase their advertising spend through our platform for any other reason, then we may not attract new advertisers or our existing customers may reduce their video advertising spend through or cease using our platform. Therefore, we cannot assure you that advertisers that have generated advertising spend through our platform in the past will continue to generate similar levels of advertising spend in the future or that they will continue to use our platform at all. We may not be able to replace customers who decrease or cease their usage of our platform with new customers that spend similarly on our platform. If our existing customers do not continue to use and increase their use of our platform, or if we are unable to attract sufficient advertising spend on our platform from new customers, our revenue could decline, which would materially and adversely harm our business and results of operations.  
 The market for software-based digital video advertising for brands is relatively new and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business, growth prospects and financial condition would be adversely affected.  
 The substantial majority of our revenue has been derived from customers that purchase digital video advertising through our platform either on a self-serve basis or with us executing campaigns for them. We expect that spend on digital video advertising will continue to be the source of a majority of our revenue for the foreseeable future, and that our revenue growth will largely depend on increasing digital video advertising spend through our platform. The market for digital video advertising is an emerging market and today advertisers generally devote a smaller portion of their advertising budgets to digital video advertising than to traditional advertising methods, such as TV, newspapers, radio and billboards. Our current and potential customers may find digital video advertising to be less effective than other brand advertising methods, and they may reduce their spending on digital video advertising as a result. To date, digital advertising has been primarily for performance-based advertising, or relatively simple display advertising such as banner ads on websites and, until recently, was principally focused on online channels such as desktops. The future growth of our business could be constrained by both the level of acceptance and expansion of digital video advertising as a format and emerging digital video advertising channels, including mobile video, connected TV, social video and TV formats such as video on demand, as well as the continued use and growth of existing channels. Historically, our revenue was derived primarily from advertising served to desktops. However, in recent periods, as these newer channels have become a greater percentage of the total market, they have become a more meaningful percentage of our total revenue. As these new channels become more widely adopted, advertisers may not increase their advertising spend through platforms such as ours. In order to continue to grow our revenue, we will need to generate increases in revenue from these newer channels at a rate that exceeds any decline in the rate of growth of our revenue from advertising served to desktops. If the market for digital video advertising deteriorates, develops more slowly than we expect or the shift from traditional advertising methods to digital video advertising does not continue, or there is a reduction in demand for digital video advertising caused by weakening economic conditions, decreases in corporate spending, perception that digital video advertising is less effective than other media or otherwise, it could reduce demand for our offerings, which could decrease revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business.  
 We have recently added the capability to buy linear television advertising using our platform. The market for software-based solutions for linear television advertising is new and unproven. Our current and potential customers may find software-based solutions for linear television advertising purchasing to be less effective than traditional methods, and they may determine not to utilize such solutions. The future growth of our business could be constrained by both the level of acceptance and expansion of the market for software-based solutions for linear television advertising. If the market for software-based solutions for linear television advertising develops more slowly than we expect, it could reduce demand for our offerings, which could decrease revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 33 
 
    We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors.   
 We operate in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, subject to changing technology, branding objectives and customer demands and with many companies providing competing solutions. We compete primarily with companies developing solutions to automate the purchase of digital video advertising impressions across multiple sources of inventory. We also compete with other companies that address certain aspects of the online digital video advertising market, including demand-side platforms and video-focused ad networks, and in-house tools and custom solutions currently used by brand advertisers and their agencies and by publishers to manage advertising activities. In addition, we compete for advertising spend with large entities that offer digital video advertising services as part of a larger solution for digital media buying. In the future, we may compete with companies developing comprehensive marketing platforms. Other companies that offer analytics, mediation, exchange or other third-party specific technologies may also compete with us. As our platform evolves and we introduce new technologies, features and functionality of our platform, we may become subject to additional competition. Some of our current and prospective competitors in the broader digital advertising market have substantially greater resources and longer histories than us in the digital advertising space, may actively seek to serve our market and have the power to significantly change the nature of the marketplace to their advantage. These companies could develop and offer new solutions that directly compete with ours or leverage their position to make changes to their existing platforms that could be disadvantageous to our competitive position. We expect competition to increase with the changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including increasing consolidation among our competitors, customers and partners.   
 Increased competition may result in reduced pricing for our platform, longer sales cycles or a decrease of our market share, any of which could negatively affect our revenue and future operating results and our ability to grow our business. A number of competitive factors could cause us to lose potential sales or to sell at lower prices or at reduced margins, including, among others:  

competitors may establish or strengthen relationships with brands, agencies, sources of inventory or other parties, thereby limiting our ability to promote our platform and generate revenue;      

competitors could introduce solutions that are similar to, or broader, than ours or comprehensive platforms that provide integrated solutions for multiple advertising channels including display, mobile and video;      

competitors could reduce the prices they charge to brand advertisers and agencies;      

companies may enter our market by expanding their platforms or acquiring a competitor; and      

companies marketing search, social, display, mobile, TV, or web analytics services could bundle digital video advertising solutions and/or programmatic TV or offer such products at a lower price as part of a larger product sale.      

 In addition, many of our competitors, such as Google, AOL (acquired by Verizon), Yahoo! and Adobe, have greater customer relationships and financial, marketing and technical resources than we do, allowing them to leverage a larger customer base, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, and devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products, services and solutions, including products that may be based on new technologies or standards, than we can. Some of these large competitors also have substantial proprietary video advertising inventory that may provide them with competitive advantages, including far greater access to Internet data, the ability to significantly influence pricing for video advertising inventory and the ability to control access to proprietary inventory. If our competitors  solutions become more accepted than our solution, our competitive position will be impaired and we may not be able to increase our revenue or may experience decreased gross margins.  
 We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. If we cannot compete successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.  
 If we are successful at increasing adoption of our self-serve platform, we may become dependent on a limited number of customers for a large portion of our revenue, which could impact the predictability of our revenue and adversely impact our results of operations.  
 To the extent our self-serve platform is adopted by major brands and other large advertisers, we may become more dependent upon a limited number of customers for a larger portion of our revenue. Since large advertisers tend to spend a much greater amount on advertising campaigns than our typical customers have in the past, it would be difficult to maintain our revenue growth rate without increases in spending from these customers. It also would be difficult to replace any revenue generated by these customers to the extent they lower their spend through our platform. Accordingly, if our revenue concentration increases and our largest customers do not generate revenue at the levels or within the timeframes that we expect, our ability to maintain or increase our revenue and meet our quarterly guidance will be adversely affected. Additionally, larger customers often seek to gain greater pricing concessions which can adversely impact our results of operations.  
 34 
 
    A substantial portion of our business is s  ourced through advertising agencies that do not pay us until they receive payment from the brand, therefore increasing the length of time between our payment for media inventory and our receipt of payment for use of our platform, and our ability to collect   for non-payment may be limited to the brand, increasing our risk of non-payment.   
 Substantially all of our Platform Services revenue and a portion of our Platform Direct revenue is sourced through advertising agencies. We often contract with advertising agencies as agents for the brands they represent, which may generally involve agencies handling the billing for the brands they represent. We remit payment for media inventory purchased through our platform by our Platform Direct and Platform Services customers in advance of receiving payment from them as advertising agencies do not pay us for use of our platform until they have received payment from the brands. This payment process will increasingly consume working capital if we continue to grow our business. In addition, we typically experience slow payment by advertising agencies as is common in our industry. In this regard, we had average days sales outstanding, or DSO, of 103 days, and average days payable outstanding, or DPO, of 86 days for 2015. We compute our DSO and DPO based on our average trade receivables or trade payables, respectively, for the trailing twelve month period divided by, for DSO, daily Total Spend and for DPO, daily cost of revenue and operating expenses, excluding noncash and payroll related expenses, in each case, over such period. The average trade receivables or trade payables are the average of the trade receivables or trade payables balances at the beginning and end of the twelve month period. Daily Total Spend is the spend for the trailing twelve month period divided by 365 days. Daily cost of revenue and operating expenses are the cost of revenue and operating expenses, excluding noncash and payroll related expenses, for the trailing twelve month period divided by 365 days. If our DSOs increase significantly, and we are unable to borrow against these receivables on commercially acceptable terms, our working capital availability could be reduced, and as a consequence, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely impacted. Many of our contracts with advertising agencies provide that if the brand does not pay the agency, the agency is not liable to us, and we must seek payment solely from the brand. Contracting with these agencies, which in certain cases have or may develop high-risk credit profiles, subjects us to greater credit risk than where we contract with brands directly. This credit risk may vary depending on the nature of an advertising agency s aggregated brand advertiser base. Any write-offs for bad debt could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. Even if we are not paid, we are still obligated to pay for the advertising we have purchased for the advertising campaign, and as a consequence, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely impacted.  
 Our business depends in part on advertising agencies and their holding companies as intermediaries, and this may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain business.  
 For the year ended December 31, 2015, over 5,000 brands executed campaigns through our platform, directly or through an agency. Many brands rely upon advertising agencies in planning and purchasing advertising. Although we maintain relationships with brands, we often do not contract with them directly. In cases where we do not have a direct contractual relationship with the brand, we sell to advertising agencies that utilize our advertising solutions on behalf of their customers. Each advertising agency allocates advertising spend from brands across numerous channels and has no obligation to work with us as it embarks on advertising campaigns. Accordingly, if we fail to maintain satisfactory relationships with an advertising agency, we risk losing business from the brands represented by that agency. If the advertising agency is owned by a holding company, this risk is magnified because we also risk losing business from the other agencies owned by such holding company and the brand advertisers those agencies represent. In addition, customer relationships with holding company media trading desks may adversely affect our business with advertising agencies affiliated with the holding company because some holding companies may seek to consolidate media buying to one trading desk and restrict their affiliated advertising agencies from relationships with providers that have a direct relationship with the trading desk. Because advertising agencies act as intermediaries for multiple brands, our customer base is more concentrated than might be reflected by the number of brands that use our platform. In addition, these intermediary relationships may impede our brand-building efforts, making it more difficult for us to achieve widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption of our platform.  
 Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable and require considerable time and expense before executing a customer agreement, which may make it difficult to project when, if at all, we will obtain new customers and when we will generate revenue from those customers.  
   The sales cycle for our Platform Direct offering, from initial contact with a potential lead to contract execution and implementation, typically takes significant time and is difficult to predict. Our sales cycle in some cases has been up to nine months or more. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our platform. Some of our customers undertake a significant evaluation process that frequently involves not only our platform but also the offerings of our competitors. This process can be costly and time-consuming. As a result, it is difficult to predict when we will obtain new customers and begin generating revenue from these new customers. As part of our sales cycle, we may incur significant expenses before executing a definitive agreement with a prospective customer and before we are able to generate any revenue from such agreement. We have no assurance that the substantial time and money spent on our sales efforts will generate significant revenue. If conditions in the marketplace generally or with a specific prospective customer change negatively, it is possible that no definitive agreement will be executed, and we will be unable to recover any of these expenses. Even if our sales efforts result in obtaining a new customer, under  
 35 
 
  our usage-based pricing model, the customer controls when and to what extent it uses our platform and it may not use our platform sufficiently to justify th  e expenses incurred to acquire the customer and integrate the customer     s data in our platform and related training and support. If we are not successful in targeting, supporting and streamlining our sales processes and if revenue expected to be generated f  rom a prospective customer is not realized in the time period expected or not realized at all, our ability to grow our business, and our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. If our sales cycles lengthen, our future revenue c  ould be lower than expected, which would have an adverse impact on our consolidated operating results and could cause our stock price to decline.   
 Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management and infrastructure. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service or address competitive challenges adequately.  
 We increased our number of full-time employees from 232 as of December 31, 2013 to 577 as of December 31, 2015. Our growth has placed, and may continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other resources as these personnel are integrated into and become productive within our organization. We intend to further expand our overall headcount and operations both domestically and internationally, with no assurance that our business or revenue will continue to grow to offset our investment in research and development and sales and marketing. Maintaining and growing a global organization and managing a geographically dispersed workforce will require substantial management effort, the allocation of valuable management resources and significant additional investment in our infrastructure. In this regard, we will be required to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting procedures and we may not be able to do so effectively. Further, to accommodate our expected growth we must continually improve and maintain our technology, systems and network infrastructure. As such, we may be unable to manage our expenses effectively in the future, which would negatively impact our gross margin or operating expenses in any particular quarter. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth and change in a manner that does not preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture, the quality of our platform may suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and reputation and harm our ability to retain and attract key talent and customers.  
 Seasonal fluctuations in advertising spend impact our results of operations and cash flows.  
 Our results of operations and cash flows vary from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal nature of advertising spending. For example, many advertisers devote a disproportionate amount of their advertising budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with increased holiday purchasing. In contrast, the first quarter of the calendar year is typically the slowest in terms of advertising spend. To the extent that seasonal fluctuations become more pronounced, or are not offset by other factors, our results of operations and operating cash flows could fluctuate materially from period to period.  
 We use a limited number of third-party service providers and data centers. Any disruption of service could harm our business.  
 The technical infrastructure for our platform is managed through a combination of third-party web hosting services providers, or third-party service providers, and our own servers which are located at third-party data center facilities. We do not control the operation of the third-party service providers or the operation of the third-party data center facilities nor do we have long-term agreements with the third-party service providers and data center facilities that we utilize. The third-party service providers and third-party data center facilities have no obligation to continue to provide these services to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to use a new service provider or transfer to new facilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so.  
 The facilities of third-party service providers and data centers are vulnerable to damage or service interruption resulting from human error, intentional bad acts, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures and similar events. Moreover, we have not implemented a disaster recovery capability whereby we maintain a back-up copy of our platform permitting us to immediately switch over to the back-up platform in the event of damage or service interruption at our data center. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, any outages or vandalism or other misconduct, or a decision to close the facility without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our platform s performance, any of which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our operating results and future prospects. 
 Any changes in service levels at the facilities or any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems at or related to the facilities that affect our platform could harm our reputation and may damage our customers  businesses. Interruptions in our platform s performance might reduce our revenue, subject us to potential liability, or result in reduced usage of our platform. In addition, some of our customer contracts require us to issue credits for downtime in excess of certain levels and the issuance of any credits or make-goods could harm our operating results and financial condition.  
 36 
 
    We also depend on third-party Internet-hosting providers and third-party bandwidth providers for continuous and uninterrupted access to the Internet to operate our bu  siness. If we lose the services of one or more of our Internet-hosting or bandwidth providers for any reason or if their services are disrupted,   for example due to viruses or  denial-of-service  or other attacks on their systems, or due to human error, int  entional bad acts, power loss, hardware   failures, telecommunications failures, fires, wars, terrorist attacks, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or similar events, we could experience disruption in our ability to offer our platform or we could be   required to retain the services of replacement providers, any of which could increase our operating costs and harm our business and reputation.   
 As a result of our customers  increased usage of our platform, we will need to continually improve our hosting infrastructure.  
 We have experienced significant growth in the number of customers, transactions and data that our hosting infrastructure supports. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our infrastructure to meet the needs of all of our customers. We also seek to maintain excess capacity to facilitate the increase in new customers and the expansion of existing customer advertising spend on our platform. For example, if we secure a large customer or a group of customers which require significant amounts of bandwidth or storage, we may need to increase bandwidth, storage, power or other elements of our application architecture and our infrastructure, and our existing systems may not be able to scale in a manner satisfactory to our existing or prospective customers.  
 The amount of infrastructure needed to support our customers is based on our estimates of anticipated usage. We will need to expand our infrastructure to meet anticipated increases in usage, for which we expect to incur additional costs. In addition, if we were to experience unforeseen increases in usage, we could be required to increase our infrastructure investments further and during a time other than we expect. As use of our platform grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our application architecture and our infrastructure in order to maintain the performance of our platform. We may need to incur additional costs to upgrade or expand our computer systems and architecture in order to accommodate increased or expected increases in demand. If we incur these costs, our gross margin would be adversely impacted.  
 We must develop and introduce enhancements and new features and functionality that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with technological developments to remain competitive in our evolving industry.  
 We operate in a dynamic market characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry and legal standards. The introduction of new advertising solutions by our competitors, the market acceptance of solutions based on new or alternative technologies, or the emergence of new advertising industry standards could render our platform obsolete. Our ability to compete successfully, attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing platform and to continually introduce or acquire new technologies and features and functionality demanded by the market we serve. The success of any enhancement or new solution depends on many factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, appropriate introduction and market acceptance. Any new solution, product or feature that we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain defects or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. If we are unable to anticipate or timely and successfully develop or acquire new offerings or features or enhance our existing platform to meet evolving customer requirements, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.  
 Material defects or errors in our platform could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us and impair our ability to sell our platform.  
 The software applications underlying our platform are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, which may cause disruptions in availability, misallocation of advertising spend or other performance problems. Any such errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our platform could negatively impact our business and our customers  businesses or the success of their advertising campaigns and cause customer dissatisfaction and harm to our reputation. If we have any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our platform, customers may reduce their usage or delay or withhold payment to us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts or lengthen our collection cycles for accounts receivable. Such performance problems could also result in customers making warranty or other claims against us, our giving credits to our customers toward future advertising spend or costly litigation. As a result, material defects or errors in our platform could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance.  
 The costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors in our platform may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. After the release of new versions of our software, defects or errors may be identified from time to time by our internal team and by our customers. We implement bug fixes and upgrades as part of our regularly scheduled system maintenance. If we do not complete this maintenance according to schedule or if customers are otherwise dissatisfied with the frequency and/or duration of our maintenance, customers could reduce their usage of our platform or delay or withhold payment to us, or cause us to issue credits, make refunds or pay penalties.  
 37 
 
    Our business depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties.   
 Our business depends in part on our ability to continue to successfully manage and enter into successful strategic relationships with third parties. We currently have and are seeking to establish new relationships with third parties to develop integrations with complementary technologies, sources of inventory, such as Google, and data vendors such as Nielsen. For example, in order for customers to target ads in ways they desire and otherwise optimize and verify campaigns, our platform must have access to data regarding Internet user behavior and reports with demographic information regarding Internet users. We depend on various third parties to provide this audience data and demographic reporting. Maintaining and expanding our strategic relationships with third parties is critical to our continued success. Further, our relationships with these third parties are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit the other party from working with our competitors, and in some cases our business partners also offer products or services that compete with ours, which makes these relationships more complicated and may, over time, lead to changes in our relationship including our loss of access to certain inventory or data supplied by these partners. These relationships may not result in additional customers or enable us to generate significant revenue and a change in these relationships could result in a loss of revenue. Identifying suitable business partners and negotiating, documenting, and maintaining relationships with them require significant time and resources. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to successfully execute campaigns, compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results would suffer.  
 Our business model depends upon our ability to continue to access advertising inventory that we do not own.  
 Our platform depends on access to advertising inventory controlled by publishers and various other providers, such as public ad exchanges, supply-side platforms, private marketplaces, ad networks and direct premium publishers. In particular, we rely on continued access to premium ad inventory in high-quality and brand-safe environments, viewable to consumers across multiple screens. We do not own the inventory of advertising opportunities upon which our business depends and, therefore, we might not always have access to inventory of sufficient quality or volume to meet the needs of our customers  campaigns. As a result, we may have limited visibility to our future access to inventory, especially premium ad inventory and inventory in international markets. Companies such as ad networks make media buying commitments to publishers, and may compete with us and restrict our access to media inventory of those publishers. Companies such as ad exchanges charge both publishers and advertisers fees and may be able to charge advertisers lower fees than us. In addition, many publishers sell a portion of their advertising inventory directly to advertisers, and publishers may seek to do so increasingly in the future. If that were to occur, we may have fewer opportunities to provide our customers access to inventory, which would harm our ability to grow our business and our financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected.  
 Furthermore, as the number of competing intermediaries that purchase advertising inventory from real time bidding (RTB) exchanges and that utilize advertising solutions providers continues to increase, intermediaries or their bidding processes may favor other bidders and we may not be able to compete successfully for advertising inventory available on RTB exchanges. Even if our bids are successful, the inventory may be of low quality or misrepresented to us, despite our attempts to prevent fraud and conduct quality assurance checks on inventory and we could be subject to liability and our business could be harmed.  
 In connection with Platform Services arrangements, we commit to delivery of a campaign at a fixed price in advance of acquiring the advertising inventory required for the campaign, exposing us to the risk that we may be unable to fulfill these commitments cost-effectively or at all.  
 In order to execute and deliver campaigns under our Platform Services arrangements, we generally enter into binding IOs with fixed price commitments which are determined prior to the launch of an advertising campaign. We do not own or otherwise control the inventory necessary to fulfill these IOs. Further, in fulfilling IO commitments, we generally purchase advertising inventory on a real-time basis during the course of the advertising campaign period, and we generally do not have fixed priced sources of supply of such inventory. Accordingly, we are not assured of having access to inventory of sufficient quality or quantity to meet the needs of our customers  campaigns on a cost-effective basis or at all. If we are unable to obtain inventory cost-effectively, or at all, our gross margins could be negatively affected or we could be unable to fulfill our obligations under the IO, which would have a negative impact on our ability to attract and retain customers, potentially damage our reputation, expose us to liability and harm our revenue and growth.  
 Our Platform Services customers are not obligated to pay for advertising inventory that is not consistent with their campaigns. Since we have no recourse to suppliers, we assume full risk of loss for inventory that is not accepted by our customers.  
   Our Platform Services customers are not obligated to pay for advertising impressions that are not consistent with the terms of their IO with us. Further, the sources of our advertising impressions generally make no representations regarding specific characteristics of an impression relevant to any campaign. In addition, we have made and expect to continue to make purchasing decisions during the fulfillment of campaigns resulting in the purchase of impressions that are not acceptable to the advertiser. These decisions may result from mistakes due to human error by our personnel or a systems error. In other cases, third-party verification  
 38 
 
  technology used by the customer may reach a different conclusion about the suitability of the inventory. In any of these cases, the advertiser may reject impressions that do not meet the terms of the IO, we may be required to provide a credit or be   considered to be in breach of our obligations and we would have no recourse to the supplier. As a result, our gross margins and our ability to attract and retain customers could be negatively affected, we could be exposed to liability and our revenue and g  rowth could be harmed.   
 If we fail to detect fraudulent or unacceptable ad placements, or if we serve advertisements on websites with inappropriate content, our reputation will be damaged, advertisers may reduce the use of or stop using our platform, and we may incur liabilities.  
 Our business depends in part on providing our advertisers with services that are trusted and safe for their brands and that provide the anticipated value. We frequently have contractual commitments to take reasonable measures to prevent advertisements from appearing on websites with inappropriate content or on certain websites that our advertisers may identify. Our advertisers also expect that ad placements will not be misrepresented, such as auto-play in banner placements marketed as pre-roll inventory, and that ad impressions represent the legitimate activity of human internet users. We use proprietary technologies and third party services in our efforts to detect and block inventory on websites with inappropriate content, misrepresented ad placements and fraudulent bot generated impressions. However, technologies utilized by bad actors are constantly evolving and preventing and combating fraud and inappropriate content, which is an industry-wide issue requires constant vigilance and investment of time and resources. There has recently been a significant amount of negative publicity about bot generated impressions within our industry, so our ability to combat bot generated impressions has become increasingly important. We may not always be successful in our efforts to prevent and combat fraud and inappropriate content. We may serve advertisements on inventory that is objectionable to our advertisers, and our software may also inadvertently purchase inventory on behalf of our advertisers that proves to be unacceptable for advertising campaigns, such as fraudulent bot generated impressions. In addition, negative publicity around fraudulent digital advertising placements may adversely impact the perceptions of advertisers regarding programmatic purchasing of digital advertising. As a result, we may lose the trust of our advertisers, which would harm our brand and reputation, our advertisers may reduce the use of or stop using our platform, we may be exposed to liabilities or the need to provide credits or refunds, and our business and financial performance may be harmed.  
 If our information systems are disrupted or unauthorized access to customer data or our data is otherwise obtained, our platform may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our platform, our reputation could be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities.  
 We collect, store and transmit information of, or on behalf of, our advertisers. Security breaches could result in the loss of information or financial assets, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. While we have security measures in place, our information systems and networks and those of third parties that we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risk and ongoing threats. Our security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including cyber-attacks such as viruses, hacking, phishing attacks or other intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. This could result in one or more third parties obtaining unauthorized access to our customers  data, our data, including intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our financial assets. Such attacks may also cause interruptions to the services we provide and cause customers to lose confidence in our platform.  Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. To date, unauthorized users have not had a material impact on our systems; however, there can be no assurance that such attacks may not be successful in the future. 
 Third parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers  data or our data, including intellectual property and other confidential business information or our financial assets. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and customer data and to prevent other security breaches, we cannot assure you that such measures will provide absolute security. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose potential sales and existing customers or we could be subject to liability.   
   In addition, we utilize third-party cloud computing services in connection with our operations. Problems faced by us or our third-party hosting/cloud computing providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact our business and results of operations, our ability to accurately report our financial results, as well as the experience of our customers. As we expand our operations, we expect to utilize additional systems and service providers that may also be essential to managing our business. Although the systems and services that we require are typically available from a number of providers, it is time consuming and costly to qualify and implement these relationships. Therefore, our ability to manage our business would suffer if one or more of our providers suffer an interruption in their business, or experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems in their operations, or we have to change or add systems and services.   We may not be able to control the quality of the systems and services we receive from third-party service providers, which could impair our ability to maintain proper controls over financial reporting and complete timely and accurate financial reporting, and may impact our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 39 
 
    Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.   
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our intellectual property. We primarily rely on intellectual property laws, including trade secret, copyright, trademark and patent laws in the U.S. and abroad, and use contracts, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements and other contractual rights to protect our intellectual property. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or we may be unable to secure intellectual property protection for all of our platform.  
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could use our intellectual property to market products, services or solutions similar to ours and our ability to compete effectively would be impaired. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive to ours or infringe our intellectual property. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative processes or litigation. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights depends on our legal actions against these infringers being successful, but we cannot be sure these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. In addition, we might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, and our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, and could ultimately result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties.  
 Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective protection of our intellectual property may not be available to us in every country in which our platform are available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.  
 We could incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights.  
 In recent years, there has been significant litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the Internet and technology industries are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights, particularly patent rights, and our competitors may hold patents or have pending patent applications, which could be related to our business. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties, or non-practicing entities, whose sole primary business is to assert such claims. We have received in the past, and expect to receive in the future, notices that claim we or our customers using our platform have misappropriated or misused other parties  intellectual property rights. If we are sued by a third party that claims that our technology infringes its rights, the litigation could be expensive and could divert our management resources. We do not currently have an extensive patent portfolio of our own, which may limit the defenses available to us in any such litigation.  
 In addition, in many instances, we have agreed to indemnify our customers against certain claims that our platform infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties. The results of any intellectual property litigation to which we might become a party, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to do one or more of the following:  

cease offering or using technologies that incorporate the challenged intellectual property;      

make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages;      

obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to sell or use the relevant technology; or      

redesign technology to avoid infringement.      

 If we are required to make substantial payments or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property infringement claims against us or any obligation to indemnify our customers for such claims, such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. Furthermore, our business could be adversely affected by any significant disputes between us and our customers as to the applicability or scope of our indemnification obligations to them.  
 Our use of open source technology could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our platform.  
   We use open source software in our platform. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by the courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our platform. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source  
 40 
 
  agreement, such use could inadvertently occur and we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue sales in the event re-engineering cannot be   accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could cause us to breach customer contracts, harm our reputation, result in customer losses or claims, increase our cost  s or otherwise adversely affect our business and operating results.   
 Expanding our international operations subjects us to new challenges and risks.  
 As of December 31, 2015, we had offices in nine countries outside the U.S., and as we continue to expand our customer base outside the U.S., our business is increasingly susceptible to risks associated with international operations. However, we have a limited operating history outside the U.S., and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of diverse cultures, languages, customs, tax laws, legal systems, alternate dispute systems and regulatory systems. The risks and challenges associated with international expansion include:  

continued localization of our platform, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses;      

the need to support and integrate with local advertisers, agencies, publishers and partners;      

competition with service providers that have greater experience in the local markets than we do or who have pre-existing relationships with potential customers in those markets;      

compliance with multiple, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and regulations such as the EU Data Privacy Directive;      

compliance with anti-bribery laws, including compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act;      

difficulties in invoicing and collecting in foreign currencies and associated foreign currency exposure;      

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with international operations;      

different or lesser protection of our intellectual property rights;      

difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable, longer payment cycles, higher levels of credit risk and other collection difficulties;      

compliance with applicable laws of taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business and applicable U.S. tax laws as they relate to our international operations, the complexity and adverse consequences of such tax laws and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in such tax laws;      

restrictions on repatriation of earnings; and      

regional economic and political conditions.      

 As a result of these risks, any potential future international expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful.  
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of foreign currencies could result in currency transactions losses.  
 We currently have foreign sales and accounts receivable denominated in multiple currencies including Australian dollars, Brazilian real, British pounds, Canadian dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Singapore dollars. In addition, we purchase advertising in local currencies and incur a portion of our operating expenses in the currencies of the countries where we have offices. To the extent that our revenue from international operations increases and the scope of our international operations grows, our operating results will become more susceptible to changes in currency exchange rates. We face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenue and operating results to differ materially from expectations. A decline in the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies would increase our non-U.S. revenue when translated into U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies, our revenue from international operations could be adversely affected. Our operating results could be negatively impacted depending on the amount of cost of revenue or operating expense denominated in foreign currencies. As exchange rates vary and our mix of U.S. and foreign currency denominated transactions or expenses changes, revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and other operating results, when translated, may differ materially from expectations. In addition, on June 23, 2016, a referendum was held in the United Kingdom to determine whether the country should remain a member of the European Union. The voter approval to withdraw from the European Union caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations that resulted in a sharp decline in the value of the British pound, as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies. Volatility in exchange rates is expected to continue in the short term as the United Kingdom negotiates its exit from the European Union. A weaker British pound compared to the U.S. dollar during a reporting period causes local currency results of our U.K. operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars which may adversely affect our operating results. 
 41 
 
    We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate a portion of our foreign currency exposure.  However, these derivative contrac  ts may be limited in the protection they provide us from exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the contracts and potential account  ing implications. Additionally, our hedging activities rely on our ability to forecast accurately and could expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results and could contribute to increased losses as   a result of volatility in the foreign currency market.   
 Unfavorable conditions in the global economy could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results.  
 Revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depends on the level of advertising spend in the markets we serve. To the extent that weak economic conditions cause our customers and potential customers to freeze or reduce their advertising budgets, particularly those for digital video advertising, demand for our platform may be negatively affected. Historically, economic downturns have resulted in overall reductions in advertising spend. If economic conditions deteriorate or do not materially improve, our customers and potential customers may elect to decrease their advertising budgets or defer or reconsider software and service purchases, which would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results.  
 Any forecasts of market growth that we have provided or may provide in the future may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, we cannot assure you our business will grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates, which may not prove to be accurate. Forecasts relating to the expected growth in advertising and other markets, may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties.  
 Our business depends on our chief executive officer and founder and retaining and attracting qualified management and technical personnel and maintaining or expanding our sales and marketing capabilities.  
 Our success depends upon the continued service of Brett Wilson, our co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, other members of our senior management team and key technical employees, as well as our ability to continue to attract and retain additional highly qualified management and operating personnel. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our employees. While we have offer letters with certain of our key employees, we do not have fixed term employment agreements with Mr. Wilson or any of our other key employees. Each of Mr. Wilson, other executive officers, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. Our business also requires skilled engineering, product and sales personnel, who are in high demand and are difficult to recruit and retain. As we continue to innovate and develop our platform and expand into additional geographic markets, we will require personnel with expertise in these areas. Competition for qualified employees is intense in our industry and particularly so in the San Francisco Bay Area, California, where most of our technical employees are based. The loss of Mr. Wilson or any other member of our senior management team or, even a few qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned expansion of our business, could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could materially harm our business and our customer relationships.  
 Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend, in part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel. These new employees require significant training and experience before they achieve full productivity. For internal planning purposes, we assume that it will take approximately nine months before a newly hired sales representative is fully trained and productive in selling our platform. This amount of time may be longer for sales personnel focused on new geographies or specific market segments. As a result, the cost of hiring and carrying new representatives cannot be offset by the revenue they produce for a significant period of time, if at all. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we would like or to the extent we expect, and we may not be able to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business. Our business will be seriously harmed if these efforts do not work as planned or generate a corresponding significant increase in revenue.  
 If the use of  third-party cookies  or other tracking technologies (including pixels) is rejected by Internet users, restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable terms, such as by non-governmental entities, or if ad blocking technologies continue to become more widely utilized by Internet users, our performance may decline and we may lose customers and revenue.  
   Some features of our platform use cookies or other technologies, such as pixels, which we refer to generally as cookies. Our cookies are known as  third-party cookies  because they are placed on individual browsers when Internet users visit a website on which we serve an ad. These cookies are placed through an Internet browser on an Internet user s computer and correspond with a data set that we keep on our servers. Our cookies record non-personal information about Internet users  interactions with our  
 42 
 
  advertiser customers through a browser while the cookie is active. We use these cookies to help us achieve our brand advertisers      campaign goals, to help us ensure that the same Int  ernet user does not see the same advertisement multiple times, to report aggregate information to our advertisers regarding the performance of their advertising campaigns, and to detect and prevent fraudulent activity. We also use data from cookies to help   us decide whether to bid on, and how to price, an opportunity to place an advertisement in a certain location, at a given time, in front of a particular Internet user. If our access to cookie data is reduced, our ability to conduct our business in the cur  rent manner may be affected and thus undermine the effectiveness of our platform.   
 Internet users may easily block and/or delete cookies (e.g., through their browsers by resetting mobile device advertising identifiers). The most commonly used Internet browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari) allow Internet users to modify their browser settings to prevent cookies from being accepted by their browsers, or are set to block third-party cookies by default. If more browser manufacturers and Internet users adopt these ad blocking settings, utilize privacy modes when browsing websites, or delete their cookies more frequently than they currently do, our business could be harmed. Some government regulators (discussed below) and privacy advocates have suggested creating a  Do Not Track  standard that would allow Internet users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have website browsing recorded. If Internet users adopt a  Do Not Track  browser setting, and the standard either imposed by state or federal legislation, or agreed upon by standard setting groups, prohibits us from using non-personal data as we currently do, then that could hinder growth of video advertising on the web generally, cause us to change our business practices and adversely affect our business.  
 In addition, browser manufacturers could replace cookies with their own product and require us to negotiate and pay them for use of such product to record information about Internet users  interactions with our brand advertiser customers, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all.  
 We may be required to, or otherwise may determine that it is advisable to, develop or obtain additional tools and technologies to compensate for the lack of cookie data, which we may not be able to do. Moreover, even if we are able to do so, such additional tools may be subject to further regulation, time consuming to develop or costly to obtain, and less effective than our current use of cookies.  
 Ad blocking technologies have been developed, and will likely continue to be developed, that can block the display of online digital advertising in the browsers and on the mobile devices of internet users that have implemented these technologies. We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from our customers  advertising spend on digital video advertising through our platform. As a result, if adoption of these ad blocking technologies by Internet users continues to increase, this could have a negative effect on our operating results. 
 Legislation and regulation of online businesses, including privacy and data protection regimes, is expansive, not clearly defined and rapidly evolving. Such regulation could create unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or restrict portions of our business or cause us to change our technology platform or business model.  
 Government regulation may increase the costs of doing business online. Federal, state, municipal and foreign governments and agencies have adopted and could in the future adopt, modify, apply or enforce laws, policies, and regulations covering user privacy, data security, technologies such as cookies that are used to collect, store and/or process data, advertising online, the use of data to inform advertising, the taxation of products and services, unfair and deceptive practices, and the collection (including the collection of information), use, processing, transfer, storage and/or disclosure of data associated with unique individual Internet users. Although we have not collected data that is traditionally considered personal data, such as name, email address, address, phone numbers, social security numbers, credit card numbers, financial data or health data, we typically do collect and store IP addresses and other device identifiers, which are or may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions or otherwise may be the subject of legislation or regulation. In addition, certain U.S. laws impose requirements on the collection and use of information from or about users or their devices. For instance, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA, imposes requirements on website operators and online services that are aimed at children under the age of 13 years of age. COPPA requires notice and parental consent to include persistent identifiers for behavioral advertising and other tracking across websites. Other existing laws may in the future be revised, or new laws may be passed, to impose more stringent requirements on the use of identifiers to collect user information, including information of the type that we collect. Changes in regulations could affect the type of data that we may collect, restrict our ability to use identifiers to collect information, and, thus, affect our ability to collect data, the costs of doing business online, and affect the demand for our platform, the ability to expand or operate our business, and harm our business.  
 U.S. and non-U.S. regulators also may implement  Do-Not-Track  legislation, particularly if the industry does not implement a standard (discussed above). The California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 requires operators of commercial websites and online service providers, under certain circumstances, to disclose in their privacy policies how such operators and providers respond to browser  do not track  signals.  
 43 
 
    Some of our activities may also be subject to the laws of foreign jurisdictions, whether or not we are established or based in such jurisdictions. Within the   EU, where we currently have an active presence in the United Kingdom, Directive 2009/136/EC, commo  nly referred to as the  Cookie Directive,    directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user     s computer, such as through a cookie, is allowed only if the Internet user has given his or her consent. In response, some member s  tates have implemented legislation requiring entities to obtain the user     s consent before placing cookies for targeted advertising purposes. Additional EU member state laws may follow. We may be required to, or otherwise may determine that it is advisable   to, develop or obtain additional tools and technologies to compensate for the lack of cookie data. Even if we are able to do so, such additional tools may be subject to further regulation, time consuming to develop or costly to obtain, and less effective t  han our current use of cookies.   In addition, certain information, such as IP addresses as collected and used by us may constitute  personal data  in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, including   in the United Kingdom, and therefore certain of our activities co  uld be subject to EU laws applicable to the processing and use of personal data. Furthermore, EU regulators have agreed on the text of a new General Data Protection Regulation, anticipated to take effect in 2018, which will largely replace many member stat  e laws, potentially imposing additional obligations on us and allowing for substantial monetary penalties for non-compliance. The removal of the United Kingdom from the EU could also result in additional regulations in privacy and data security, as the Uni  ted Kingdom no longer would be bound by the EU Directives or upcoming General Data Protection Regulation.  
 In addition, we may inadvertently receive personal information from advertisers or advertising agencies or through the process of executing video advertising campaigns or usage of our platform. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, imprisonment of our officers and public censure, claims for damages by consumers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our operations, financial performance and business. Even the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and inhibit adoption of our solution by current and future advertisers and advertising agencies.  
 In addition, data security is of increasing concern to U.S., state and foreign regulators and, as a result, the legal standards for data security and the consequences for violating those standards continue to evolve and the threat posed by cyber-attacks and data breaches continues to grow. While we take measures to protect the security of information that we collect, use, and disclose in the operation of our business, and to offer certain privacy protections with respect to such information, such measures may not always be effective. 
 Our revenue may be adversely affected if we are required to charge sales taxes or other taxes for our platform.  
 States, countries or other jurisdictions may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on us in the future, or states or jurisdictions in which we already pay tax may increase the amount of taxes we are required to pay. A successful assertion by any state, country or other jurisdiction in which we do business that we should be collecting sales or other taxes on the revenue of our platform could, among other things, create significant administrative burdens for us, result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, discourage customers from using our platform or otherwise substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
   We might require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.  
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, such as keeping pace with technological developments in order to remain competitive in our evolving industry, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies, or fund our future working capital needs. In addition, we remit payment for media inventory purchased through our platform by our Platform Direct and Platform Services customers in advance of receiving payment from them as the advertising agency does not pay us for use of our platform until it has received payment from the brand. This payment process will continue to consume working capital and the effect on our cash flows may become more pronounced if we continue to grow our business. As a result, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth, particularly if we experience unexpected increases in advertising spend through our platform, and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired.  
 44 
 
    Our credit facility subjects us to operating   restrictions and financial covenants that impose risk of default and may restrict our business and financing activities.  
 Pursuant to our Loan Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, as amended to date, we are subject to certain financial ratio and liquidity covenants, as well as restrictions that limit our ability, among other things, to: 

dispose of or sell our assets;      

make material changes in our business or management;      

consolidate or merge with other entities;     

incur additional indebtedness;     

create liens on our assets;     

pay dividends;     

make investments;     

enter into transactions with affiliates; and      

pay off or redeem subordinated indebtedness.      

 These covenants may restrict our ability to finance our operations and to pursue our business activities and strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. In the past, we were not compliant with certain administrative covenants. Although the bank waived such noncompliance in the past, there is no guarantee it will do so in the future. If a default were to occur and not be waived, such default could cause, among other remedies, all of the outstanding indebtedness under our loan and security agreement to become immediately due and payable. In such an event, our liquid assets might not be sufficient to meet our repayment obligations, and we might be forced to liquidate collateral assets at unfavorable prices or our assets may be foreclosed upon and sold at unfavorable valuations. 
 Our ability to renew our existing revolving line of credit, which matures in April 2018, or to enter into a new credit facility to replace or supplement the existing facility may be limited due to various factors, including the status of our business, global credit market conditions, and perceptions of our business or industry by sources of financing. In addition, if credit is available, lenders may seek more restrictive covenants and higher interest rates that may reduce our borrowing capacity, increase our costs, or reduce our operating flexibility. 
 If we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash available to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, either upon maturity or in the event of a default, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain financing may negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern. 
 We may selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results.  
 We may selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies that we believe could complement or expand our applications, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated.  
 In addition, we have limited experience with acquiring other businesses or technologies. If we acquire businesses or technologies, we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including:  

inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies or services in a profitable manner;      

unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition;      

incurrence of acquisition-related costs;      

difficulty integrating the accounting systems, operations and personnel of the acquired business;      

 45 

difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the a  cquired business;      

difficulty converting the customers of the acquired business onto our applications and contract terms, including disparities in the revenue, licensing, support or professional services model of the acquired company;      

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns;      

adverse effects to our existing business relationships with business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition;      

the potential loss of key employees;      

use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; and use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition.      

 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  
 Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. We may also unknowingly inherit liabilities from acquired businesses or assets that arise after the acquisition and that are not adequately covered by indemnities. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial position may suffer.  
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected.  
 We are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal control over financial reporting, which must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm to the extent we decide not to avail ourselves of the exemption provided to an emerging growth company, as defined by The Jumpstart Our Businesses Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. 
 The process of designing and implementing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation, is time consuming, costly, and complicated. We have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, resources, including accounting and consulting expenses and management oversight as we continue to develop and refine our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting are effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, if and when required, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.  
 We incur significantly increased costs and devote substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company.  
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market, or NASDAQ, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Compliance with these requirements will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and has and will increasingly make some activities more time consuming and costly. Our management team has limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws. In addition, we expect that our management and other personnel will need to divert attention from operational and other business matters to devote substantial time to these public company requirements. In particular, we expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and may need to establish an internal audit function.  
 46 
 
    As a public company it is more expensive for us to obtain direc  tor and officer liability insurance on the terms that we would like and we may find it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees or as executive officers.   
 We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.  
 For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.  
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of June 30, (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of $1 billion or more during such fiscal year, (iii) the date on which we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period or (iv) July 17, 2019.  
 We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss or research tax credit carryforwards, which could adversely affect our profitability.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards due to prior period losses, which if not utilized will begin to expire in 2017 for state purposes and 2027 for federal purposes. These net operating loss carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our profitability.  
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes in any taxable year may be limited if we experience an  ownership change.  A Section 382  ownership change  generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5% of our stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws.  
 Future issuances of our stock could cause an  ownership change.  It is possible that any future ownership change could have a material effect on the use of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our profitability.  
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.  
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change.  
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock  
   We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause our stock price to decline.  
   We have and may continue to provide guidance about our business and future operating results as part of our press releases, conference calls or otherwise. We typically provide forward looking guidance when we announce our financial results from the prior quarter. In developing this guidance, our management must make certain assumptions and judgments about our future performance. We undertake no obligation to update such guidance at any time. Our business results may vary significantly from such guidance due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and which could adversely affect our operations and operating results.  Our financial results may at times fail to meet the guidance we provided. There are a number of reasons why we may fail to meet guidance, including, but not limited to, the factors described in these Risk Factors.  Furthermore, if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results or forward looking guidance fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our common stock would decline. 
 47 
 
    The price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile and may decline regardless of our financial performance.   
 Technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. The trading price of our common stock has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate significantly. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include:  

overall performance of the equity markets;      

the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock;      

our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies;      

changes in the estimates of our operating results that we provide to the public, our failure to meet these projections or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;      

press releases or other public announcements by us or others, including our filings with the SEC;      

changes in the market perception of digital video and programmatic TV advertising solutions generally or in the effectiveness of our platform in particular;      

announcements of technological innovations, new applications, features, functionality or enhancements to products, services or solutions by us or by our competitors;      

announcements of acquisitions, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors;      

announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;      

announcements regarding litigation involving us;      

recruitment or departure of key personnel;      

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities;      

our entry into new markets;      

regulatory developments in the U.S. or foreign countries;      

the economy as a whole, market conditions in our industry, and the industries of our customers;      

the size of our market float; and      

any other factors discussed in this Form 10-Q.      

 In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business.  
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.  
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline.  
 Substantial future sales of shares by our stockholders could negatively affect our stock price.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur or if there is a large number of shares of our common stock available for sale, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.  
 48 
 
    Our shares of common stock are freely tradable without res  trictions or further registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, except for any shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.  
       As of September 30, 2016, holders of an aggregate of approximately 7.1 million shares of our common stock have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include such shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockho  lders.   We have also registered shares of common stock that we have issued upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs, and that we may in the future issue, under our equity compensation plans. These can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. 
 Furthermore, certain of our executive officers have adopted, and other employees, executive officers or directors may in the future adopt written plans, known as  Rule 10b5-1 Plans,  under which they have contracted, or may in the future contract, with a broker to sell shares of our common stock on a periodic basis to diversify their assets and investments. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including, but not limited to sales made by our employees, executive officers and directors pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 Plans, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The concentration of our common stock ownership with our executive officers, directors and affiliates will limit your ability to influence corporate matters.  
         Our executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 33% of our outstan  ding common stock as of September 30, 2016. These stockholders will therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transact  ions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control will limit the   ability of our public stockholders to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockho  lders do not view as beneficial. This ownership could affect the value of shares of our common stock.   
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.  
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment.  
 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.  
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following:  

authorize the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to defend against a takeover attempt;      

establish a classified Board of Directors, as a result of which the successors to the directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election;      

require that directors only be removed from office for cause and only upon a supermajority stockholder vote;      

provide that vacancies on the Board of Directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office rather than by stockholders;      

prevent stockholders from calling special meetings; and      

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders.      

 In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a broad range of business combinations with any  interested  stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder becomes an  interested  stockholder.  

49 

Item 2.   
 
          U  nregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      

 (a) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None 
 (b) Use of Proceeds 
 None  

Item 3.   
 
     Defaults upon Senior Securities     

 None.  

Item 4.   
 
     Mine Safety Disclosures     

 Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
 
     Other Information     

 None.  

Item 6.   
 
     Exhibits     

 See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.  

50 
 
        S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TUBEMOGUL, INC.  

By:  

/s/  Brett Wilson  

Brett Wilson  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/  Ron Will  

Ron Will  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

51 
 
    EXHIBIT INDEX  

*   
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.    

This certification is deemed furnished not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the Exchange Act.    

52  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tube-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

tube-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brett Wilson, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TubeMogul, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Dated:  November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ Brett Wilson  

Brett Wilson  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tube-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

tube-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ron Will, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of TubeMogul, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Dated:  November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ Ron Will  

Ron Will  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tube-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

tube-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brett Wilson, President and Chief Executive Officer of TubeMogul, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ Brett Wilson  

Brett Wilson  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tube-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

tube-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ron Will, Chief Financial Officer of TubeMogul, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ Ron Will  

Ron Will  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tube-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tube-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tube-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tube-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tube-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tube-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

