<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1524931_0001524931-16-000182_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2591790</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72504</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>154625</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>850731</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1016906</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>440456</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001524931-16-000182.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161827
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001524931-16-000182
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHUY'S HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524931
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				205717694
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35603
		FILM NUMBER:		161971836

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1623 TOOMEY ROAD
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78704
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-473-2783

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1623 TOOMEY ROAD
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78704

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001524931-16-000182.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 a2016q310q-chuys.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  __________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
  __________________________________  

For the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016    
  OR 

Commission File No. 001-35603 
  __________________________________   
  CHUY S HOLDINGS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   __________________________________  

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (512) 473-2783 
   __________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes          No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes           No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check One): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes           No      
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at   October 28, 2016   was   16,822,284  . 

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents 

Part I   Financial Information  
    3 
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Income Statements  
     4 
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     5 
       Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     10 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     19 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     19 
       Part II   Other Information  
     20 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     20 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     20 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     20 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     20 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     20 
       Item 5. Other Information  
     20 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
     20 

2 

Table of Contents  

Part I Financial Information 
   
  Item 1.    Financial Statements 

Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 

Table of Contents  

Chuy's Holdings, Inc.  
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Income Statements 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

Table of Contents  

Chuy's Holdings, Inc.  
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 

See notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

Table of Contents  

Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
   
  1  . Basis of Presentation 
  Chuy s Holdings, Inc. (the  Company  or  Chuy s ) develops and operates Chuy s restaurants throughout the United States. Chuy s is a fast-growing, full-service restaurant concept offering a distinct menu of authentic, freshly-prepared Mexican and Tex-Mex inspired food. As of   September 25, 2016  , the Company operated   77   restaurants in   15   states. 
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ), except that certain information and notes have been condensed or omitted pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full fiscal year. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 27, 2015  . The accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 27, 2015  , has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
  The Company operates on a 52- or 53- week fiscal year that ends on the last Sunday of the calendar year. Each quarterly period has 13 weeks, except for a 53-week year when the fourth quarter has 14 weeks. Our   2016   and   2015   fiscal years each consist of 52 weeks. 
  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements to conform to current year presentation. 
   
  2  . Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, "Revenue with Contracts from Customers."  ASU 2014-09 supersedes the current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The guidance introduces a five-step model to achieve its core principal of the entity recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted only for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases." This update requires a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases with a lease term of more than twelve months. Leases will continue to be classified as either financing or operating, with classification affecting the recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease.  This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires a modified retrospective approach to adoption for lessees related to capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is in the process of determining what impact the adoption of this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Stock Compensation 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." This update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of determining what impact the adoption of this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  
  Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
  (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

3  . Closure Costs     
  The Company recorded closure costs of   $390,000   for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended   September 25, 2016   related to the closure and relocation of   one   restaurant. The closure costs primarily consisted of the write-off of assets and other incremental closing costs. 
   
  4  . Net Income Per Share 
  The number of shares and net income per share data for all periods presented are based on the historical weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding.  
  Basic net income per share of the Company's common stock is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. 
  Diluted net income per share of the Company's common stock is computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential shares of common stock equivalents outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method for dilutive options and deferred shares (these deferred shares were granted under the Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "2012 Plan"), and are referred to as "restricted stock units"). For the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   there were approximately   1,000   and   9,000   shares, respectively, of common stock equivalents that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   there were approximately   1,000   and   39,000   shares, respectively, of common stock equivalents that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
  The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows: 

5  . Stock-Based Compensation 
  The Company has outstanding awards under the Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan (the "2006 Plan") and the 2012 Plan. Options granted under these plans vest over   five   years from the date of grant and have a maximum term of   10   years. Restricted stock units granted under the 2012 Plan vest over   four   to   five   years from the date of grant. As of   September 25, 2016  , a total of   818,961   shares of common stock are reserved and remain available for issuance under the 2012 Plan. 
  Stock-based compensation cost recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated income statements was   $565,000   and   $450,000   for the thirteen weeks ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively, and   $1,624,000   and   $1,255,000    for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. 

7 

     Table of Contents  
  Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
  (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Stock Options 
  A summary of stock-based compensation activity related to stock options for the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   are as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is obtained by subtracting the exercise price from the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock as of   September 25, 2016   and multiplying this result by the related number of options outstanding and exercisable at   September 25, 2016  . The estimated fair value of the common stock as of   September 25, 2016   used in the above calculation was   $29.49   per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on September 23, 2016, the last trading day of the   third   quarter. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   was   $8.7 million  . The fair value of options vested during the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   was   $454,000  . 
  There was approximately   $458,000   of total unrecognized compensation costs related to options granted under the 2006 Plan and the 2012 Plan as of   September 25, 2016  . These costs will be recognized ratably over the next   three   years. 
  Restricted Stock Units 
  A summary of stock-based compensation activity related to restricted stock units for the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   are as follows: 

The fair value of the restricted stock units is the quoted market value of our common stock on the date of grant. As of   September 25, 2016  , total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units was approximately   $5.3 million  , which is expected to be recognized ratably over the next   five   years. 
   
  6  . Long-Term Debt 
  Revolving Credit Facility 
  On November 30, 2012, the Company entered into a   $25.0 million   Revolving Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.  On October 30, 2015, the Company entered into an amendment to its Revolving Credit Facility to, among other things, (1) extend the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility to   October 30, 2020   from November 30, 2017 and (2) revise the applicable margins and leverage ratios that determine the commitment fees and interest rates payable by the Company under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

8 

     Table of Contents  
  Chuy's Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
  (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Under the Company's Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may request to increase the size of the Revolving Credit Facility by up to an additional   $25.0 million  , in minimum principal amounts of   $5.0 million   or the remaining amount of the   $25.0 million   if less than   $5.0 million   (the "Incremental Revolving Loan"), which Incremental Revolving Loan will be effective after 10 days written notice to the agent. In the event that any of the lenders fund the Incremental Revolving Loan, the terms and provisions of the Incremental Revolving Loan will be the same as under the Company's Revolving Credit Facility. 
  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility generally bear interest at a variable rate based upon the Company's election, of (i) the base rate (which is the highest of prime rate, federal funds rate plus   0.5%   or one month LIBOR plus   1.0%  ), or (ii) LIBOR, plus, in either case, an applicable margin based on the Company's consolidated total lease adjusted leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility agreement). The Revolving Credit Facility also requires payment for commitment fees that accrue on the daily unused commitment of the lender at the applicable margin, which varies based on the Company's consolidated total lease adjusted leverage ratio. 
  The Revolving Credit Facility also requires compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio, a lease adjusted leverage ratio and certain non-financial covenants. The Revolving Credit Facility also places certain restrictions on the payment of dividends and distributions. Under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may declare and make dividend payments so long as (i) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) immediately after giving effect to any such dividend payment, on a pro forma basis, the lease adjusted leverage ratio does not exceed   3.50   to 1.00. 
  The obligations under the Company s Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. As of   September 25, 2016   the Company had   no   borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
   
  7  . Accrued Liabilities 
   The major classes of accrued liabilities at   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015   are summarized as follows: 

8  . Commitments and Contingencies 
  We are involved in various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
   
  9  . Subsequent events 
  Subsequent to   September 25, 2016  , the Company opened   one   new restaurant for a total of   78   restaurants, in   16   states. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Unless otherwise specified, or the context otherwise requires, the references in this report to  our Company,   the Company,   us,   we  and  our  refer to Chuy s Holdings, Inc. together with its subsidiary. 
  The following discussion contains, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 27, 2015   (our "Annual Report") and those set forth under "Cautionary Statements Concerning Forward-Looking Statements" in this report. 
  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable based on our current knowledge of our business and operations, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We assume no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as may be required by law. 
  The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of our Company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included herein. 
  Overview 
  We are a fast-growing, full-service restaurant concept offering a distinct menu of authentic, freshly-prepared Mexican and Tex-Mex inspired food. We were founded in Austin, Texas in 1982 and, as of   September 25, 2016  , we operated   77   Chuy s restaurants across   15   states. 
  We are committed to providing value to our customers through offering generous portions of made-from-scratch, flavorful Mexican and Tex-Mex inspired dishes. We also offer a full-service bar in all of our restaurants providing our customers a wide variety of beverage offerings. We believe the Chuy s culture is one of our most valuable assets, and we are committed to preserving and continually investing in our culture and our customers  restaurant experience. 
  Our restaurants have a common d cor, but we believe each location is unique in format, offering an  unchained  look and feel, as expressed by our motto  If you ve seen one Chuy s, you ve seen one Chuy s!  We believe our restaurants have an upbeat, funky, eclectic, somewhat irreverent atmosphere while still maintaining a family-friendly environment. 
  Our Growth Strategies and Outlook 
  Our growth is based primarily on the following strategies: 
             
    Pursue new restaurant development in major markets; 
                
    Backfill smaller existing markets to build brand awareness; 
                
    Deliver consistent same store sales through providing high-quality food and service; and 
                
    Leverage our infrastructure. 
     As of   September 25, 2016  , we opened   nine   new restaurants year-to-date and we also opened   one   additional restaurant subsequent to   September 25, 2016  . We expect to double our restaurant base over the next three to five years. We have an established presence in Texas, the Southeast and the Midwest, with restaurants in multiple large markets in these regions. Our growth plan over the next five years focuses on developing additional locations in our existing core markets and major markets while continuing to "backfill" our smaller existing markets in order to build our brand awareness. 
  Performance Indicators 
  We use the following performance indicators in evaluating our performance: 
             
    Number of Restaurant Openings  . Number of restaurant openings reflects the number of restaurants opened during a particular fiscal period. For restaurant openings we incur pre-opening costs, which are defined below, before the restaurant opens. Typically, new restaurants open with an initial start-up period of higher than normalized sales volumes, which decrease to a steady level approximately six to twelve months after opening. However, operating costs during this initial six to twelve month period are also higher than normal, resulting in restaurant operating margins that are generally lower during the start-up period of operation and increase to a steady level approximately nine to twelve months after opening. 
                
    Comparable Restaurant Sales  . We consider a restaurant to be comparable in the first full quarter following the 18th month of operations. Changes in comparable restaurant sales reflect changes in sales for the comparable group of restaurants  

10 

     Table of Contents  

over a specified period of time. Changes in comparable sales reflect changes in average weekly customer trends as well as changes in average check. Our comparable restaurant base consisted of   58   and   48   restaurants at   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. 
             
    Average Check  . Average check is calculated by dividing revenue by total entr es sold for a given time period. Average check reflects menu price increases as well as changes in menu mix. Our management team uses this indicator to analyze trends in customers  preferences, effectiveness of menu changes and price increases and per customer expenditures. 
                
    Average Weekly Customers  . Average weekly customers is measured by the number of entr es sold per week. Our management team uses this metric to measure changes in customer traffic. 
                
    Average Unit Volume  . Average unit volume consists of the average sales of our comparable restaurants over a certain period of time. This measure is calculated by dividing total comparable restaurant sales within a period of time by the total number of comparable restaurants within the relevant period. This indicator assists management in measuring changes in customer traffic, pricing and development of our brand. 
                
    Operating Margin  . Operating margin represents income from operations as a percentage of our revenue. By monitoring and controlling our operating margins, we can gauge the overall profitability of our Company. 
     The following table presents operating data for the periods indicated: 

Our Fiscal Year 
  We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year that ends on the last Sunday of the calendar year. Each quarterly period has 13 weeks, except for a 53-week year when the fourth quarter has 14 weeks. Our   2016   and   2015   fiscal years each consist of 52 weeks. 
  Key Financial Definitions 
  Revenue  . Revenue primarily consists of food and beverage sales and also includes sales of our merchandise. Revenue is presented net of discounts associated with each sale. Revenue in a given period is directly influenced by the number of operating weeks in such period, the number of restaurants we operate and comparable restaurant sales growth. 
  Cost of Sales  . Cost of sales consists primarily of food, beverage and merchandise related costs. The components of cost of sales are variable in nature, change with sales volume and are subject to increases or decreases based on fluctuations in commodity costs. 
  Labor Costs  . Labor costs include restaurant management salaries, front-and back-of-house hourly wages, restaurant-level manager bonus expense and payroll taxes. 
  Operating Costs  . Operating costs consist primarily of restaurant-related operating expenses, such as supplies, utilities, repairs and maintenance, travel, insurance, employee benefits, credit card fees, recruiting, delivery service and security. These costs generally increase with sales volume but decline as a percentage of revenue. 
  Occupancy Costs  . Occupancy costs include rent charges, both fixed and variable, as well as common area maintenance costs, property insurance and taxes, the amortization of tenant allowances and the adjustment to straight-line rent. These costs are generally fixed but a portion may vary with an increase in sales when the lease contains percentage rent. 
  General and Administrative Expenses  . General and administrative expenses include costs associated with corporate and administrative functions that support our operations, including senior and supervisory management and staff compensation (including stock-based compensation) and benefits, travel, legal and professional fees, information systems, corporate office rent and other related corporate costs.  
  Marketing  . Marketing costs include costs associated with our local restaurant marketing programs, community service and sponsorship activities, our menus and other promotional activities. 
  Restaurant Pre-opening Costs  . Restaurant pre-opening costs consist of costs incurred before opening a restaurant, including manager salaries, relocation costs, supplies, recruiting expenses, initial new market public relations costs, pre-opening activities,  

11 

     Table of Contents  

employee payroll and related training costs for new employees. Restaurant pre-opening costs also include rent recorded during the period between date of possession and the restaurant opening date. 
  Closure costs  .  Closure costs consist of any costs associated with the closure of a restaurant. 
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization principally include depreciation on fixed assets, including equipment and leasehold improvements, and amortization of certain intangible assets for our restaurants. 
  Interest Expense  . Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our outstanding indebtedness and the amortization of our debt issuance costs reduced by capitalized interest. 
  Results of Operations 
  Potential Fluctuations in Quarterly Results and Seasonality 
  Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including the timing of new restaurant openings and related expenses, profitability of new restaurants, weather, increases or decreases in comparable restaurant sales, general economic conditions, consumer confidence in the economy, changes in consumer preferences, competitive factors, changes in food costs, changes in labor costs and changes in gas prices. In the past, we have experienced significant variability in restaurant pre-opening costs from quarter to quarter primarily due to the timing of restaurant openings. We typically incur restaurant pre-opening costs in the five months preceding a new restaurant opening. In addition, our experience to date has been that labor and direct operating costs associated with a newly opened restaurant during the first several months of operation are often materially greater than what will be expected after that time, both in aggregate dollars and as a percentage of restaurant sales. Accordingly, the number and timing of new restaurant openings in any quarter has had, and is expected to continue to have, a significant impact on quarterly restaurant pre-opening costs, labor and direct operating costs. 
  Our business also is subject to fluctuations due to seasonality and adverse weather. The spring and summer months have traditionally had higher sales volume than other periods of the year. Holidays, severe winter weather, hurricanes, thunderstorms and similar conditions may impact restaurant unit volumes in some of the markets where we operate and may have a greater impact should they occur during our higher volume months. As a result of these and other factors, our financial results for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year. 
  Thirteen Weeks Ended     September 25, 2016   Compared to Thirteen Weeks Ended   September 27, 2015    
  The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the condensed consolidated statement of operations (in thousands): 

*Not meaningful. 
  Revenue.   Revenue increased   $11.7 million  , or   15.8%  , to   $85.6 million   for the thirteen weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   $73.9 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . This increase was primarily driven by   $13.0 million   in incremental revenue from  

12 

     Table of Contents  

an additional   166   operating weeks provided by   15   new restaurants opened during and subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended   September 27, 2015   and increased revenue at our comparable restaurants. These increases were offset by a decrease in revenue related to our non-comparable restaurants that are not included in the incremental revenue discussed above and the loss of seven operating weeks due to the closing of the Charlotte, NC location during the third quarter of 2016. Revenue for our non-comparable restaurants is historically lower as the stores transition out of the 'honeymoon' period that follows a restaurant's initial opening.  
  Comparable restaurant sales increased   0.3%   for the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   compared to the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 27, 2015  . The increase in comparable restaurant sales was driven primarily by a   1.1%   increase in average check partially offset by a   0.8%   decrease in average weekly customers. Our revenue mix attributed to bar sales was   18.4%   during the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   compared to   18.3%   during the comparable period in   2015  .  
  Cost of Sales.   Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue   decreased   to   26.3%   during the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   26.6%   during the comparable period in   2015  . This decrease is primarily the result of decreased grocery costs. 
  Labor Costs.   Labor costs as a percentage of revenue   increased   to   33.3%   during the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   32.0%   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily due to new store labor inefficiencies as we opened three new restaurants during the third quarter of 2016 compared to two new store openings in the third quarter of 2015 and hourly labor rate inflation of over 4.0%.  
  Operating Costs.   Operating costs as a percentage of revenue   increased   to   14.0%   during the thirteen weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   13.8%   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily due to increases in general repairs and maintenance costs of approximately 10 basis points and other miscellaneous operational cost increases.  
  Occupancy Costs.   Occupancy costs as a percentage of revenue   increased   to   6.7%   during the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   6.5%   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily as a result of higher rental expense and property taxes at certain newly opened restaurants as we continue our expansion into larger markets.  
  General and Administrative Expenses.   General and administrative expenses increased   $0.1 million  , or   1.4%  , to   $4.1 million   for the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   compared to the comparable period in   2015  . This increase was primarily driven by an increase in management salaries and equity compensation due to additional headcount to support our growth as well as increased payroll taxes due to an increase in employee stock option exercises offset by a decrease in performance based bonuses. 
  Restaurant Pre-opening Costs  . Restaurant pre-opening costs increased   $0.1 million   to   $1.2 million   during the thirteen weeks ended   September 25, 2016   compared to   $1.1 million   during the same period in   2015  . This increase is primarily the result of differences in the timing of our development schedule. During the third quarter of 2016, we incurred pre-opening costs for three new restaurants compared to two new restaurants during the comparable period in 2015.   
  Closure costs  .  During the thirteen weeks ended   September 25, 2016   we recorded   $0.4 million   of closure costs related to one restaurant that was closed and relocated. Closure costs are currently expected to continue through the first quarter of 2017.  
  Depreciation and Amortization.   Depreciation and amortization costs increased   $0.6 million   to   $3.8 million   during the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   $3.2 million   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily as the result of an increase in equipment and leasehold improvement costs associated with our new restaurants. 
  Income Tax Expense.   For the thirteen weeks ended   September 25, 2016   our effective tax rate decreased to approximately   31.6%   from approximately   38.3%   during the comparable period in 2015.  This decrease is primarily due to the Company's federal statutory tax rate increasing from 34% to 35% during the comparable period in 2015. As a result of the increase in the federal statutory tax rate we recorded a discrete tax item of approximately $0.4 million to increase our deferred tax liabilities during the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. The effective tax rate for 2015, excluding the discrete tax item, was estimated to be between 29% and 31%. The effective tax rates differ from the statutory rates primarily due to normal recurring tax credits attributable to employment taxes paid on employee tips and the above discrete item. 
  Net Income.   As a result of the foregoing, net income increased   13.0%   to   $4.6 million   during the   thirteen   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   $4.1 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended     September 25, 2016   Compared to   Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended     September 27, 2015    
  The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the condensed consolidated statement of operations (in thousands):   

  *Not meaningful. 
  Revenue.   Revenue increased   $35.5 million  , or   16.4%  , to   $251.6 million   for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   $216.1 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . This increase was primarily driven by   $36.0 million   in incremental revenue from an additional   434   operating weeks provided by   19   new restaurants opened during and subsequent to the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 27, 2015   and increased revenue at our comparable restaurants. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in revenue related to our non-comparable restaurants that are not included in the incremental revenue discussed above and the loss of seven operating weeks due to the closing of the Charlotte, NC location during the third quarter of 2016. Revenue for our non-comparable restaurants is historically lower as the stores transition out of the 'honeymoon' period that follows a restaurant's initial opening.  
  Comparable restaurant sales increased   1.5%   for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   compared to the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 27, 2015  . The increase in comparable restaurant sales was primarily driven by a   1.5%   increase in average check and flat average weekly customers. Our revenue mix attributed to bar sales was   18.5%   during both   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . 
  Cost of Sales.   Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue decreased to   25.8%   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   26.4%   during the comparable period in   2015  . This decrease is primarily the result of decreases in grocery and chicken costs partially offset by increased beef costs. 
  Labor Costs  . Labor costs as a percentage of revenue increased to   32.9%   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   32.4%   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily due to new store labor inefficiencies as we opened   nine   new restaurants during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   compared to six new store openings during the comparable period in   2015   and hourly labor rate inflation of approximately 4.0%. 
  Operating Costs  . Operating costs as a percentage of revenue decreased to   13.7%   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   13.8%   during the comparable period in    2015  , primarily due to decreases in utility and insurance costs of approximately 20 basis points offset by increases in general repairs and maintenance costs of approximately 10 basis points.  
  Occupancy Costs  . Occupancy costs as a percentage of revenue increased to   6.6%   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   6.5%   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily as a result of higher rental expense at certain newly opened restaurants as we continue our expansion into larger markets. 
  General and Administrative Expenses.   General and administrative expenses increased   $1.1 million  , or   8.7%  , to   $13.5 million   for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   $12.5 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . This increase was primarily driven by an increase in management salaries and equity compensation due to additional headcount to support our growth  

14 

     Table of Contents  

as well as increased payroll taxes due to an increase in employee stock option exercises offset by a decrease in performance based bonuses. 
  Restaurant Pre-opening Costs  . Restaurant pre-opening costs increased   $1.3 million   to   $4.1 million   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   compared to   $2.9 million   during the same period in   2015  . This increase is primarily the result of differences in the timing of our development schedule. During the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016  , we incurred pre-opening costs for   nine   new restaurant openings compared to six new restaurants during the comparable period in 2015.   
  Closure costs  .  During the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   we recorded   $0.4 million   of closure costs related to one restaurant that was closed and relocated. Closure costs are currently expected to continue through the first quarter of 2017. 
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization costs increased   $1.6 million   to   $11.0 million   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     September 25, 2016   from   $9.4 million   during the comparable period in   2015  , primarily as the result of an increase in equipment and leasehold improvement costs associated with our new restaurants. 
  Income Tax Expense.   For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 our effective tax rate decreased to   30.7%   from   32.3%   during the comparable period in   2015  . This decrease is primarily due to the Company's federal statutory tax rate increasing from 34% to 35% during the comparable period in 2015. As a result of the increase in the federal statutory tax rate we recorded a discrete tax item of approximately $0.4 million to increase our deferred tax liabilities during the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. The effective tax rate for 2015, excluding the discrete tax item, was estimated to be between 29% and 31%. The effective tax rates differ from the statutory rates primarily due to normal recurring tax credits attributable to employment taxes paid on employee tips and the above discrete item. 
  Net Income.   As a result of the foregoing, net income increased   17.6%   to   $14.9 million   during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 from   $12.7 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . 
  Liquidity 
  Our principal sources of cash are net cash provided by operating activities, which includes tenant improvement allowances from our landlords, and borrowings under our   $25 million   Revolving Credit Facility. Our need for capital resources is driven by our restaurant expansion plans, ongoing maintenance of our restaurants, investment in our corporate and information technology infrastructure and obligations under our operating leases. Based on our current growth plans, we believe our expected cash flows from operations, expected tenant improvement allowances and available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to finance our planned capital expenditures and other operating activities for at least the next twelve months. 
  Consistent with many other restaurant and retail chain store operations, we use operating lease arrangements for our restaurants. We believe that these operating lease arrangements provide appropriate leverage of our capital structure in a financially efficient manner. We have entered into operating leases with certain related parties with respect to six of our restaurants and our corporate headquarters. 
  Our liquidity may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including a decrease in customer traffic or average check per customer due to changes in economic conditions. 
  Cash Flows for   Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended     September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015    
  The following table summarizes the statement of cash flows for the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   (in thousands):    

Operating Activities.   Net cash provided by operating activities   decreased     $1.1 million   to   $32.7 million   for the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   $33.8 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . Our business is almost exclusively a cash business. Almost all of our receipts come in the form of cash and cash equivalents and a large majority of our expenditures are paid within a 30 day period. The   decrease   in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to net decreases in operating assets and liabilities, or working capital, of   $2.6 million   and other non-cash reconciling items of   $0.7 million   partially  

15 

     Table of Contents  

offset by an increase in net income of   $2.2 million  . The decrease in working capital of   $2.6 million   was primarily due to changes in income tax receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets and the receipt of deferred lease incentives partially offset by decreases in accounts payable. The decrease in non-cash items of   $0.7 million   was primarily due to deferred income taxes and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation partially offset by depreciation and amortization.  
  Investing Activities.   Net cash used in investing activities   increased     $13.1 million   to   $31.5 million   for the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   from   $18.4 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . The   increase   was primarily due to the timing of our construction schedule and the related construction payments associated with our   nine   new restaurants that opened during the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016  , as well as expenditures related to future restaurant openings, maintaining our existing restaurants and other projects. 
  Financing Activities.   Net cash provided by financing activities was   $4.2 million   for the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   compared to   $8.6 million   used in the comparable period in   2015  . During the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016   we received an excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of   $4.5 million   partially offset by   $0.3 million   related to the indirect repurchase of shares for minimum tax withholdings. During the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 27, 2015   we had net payments of   $8.8 million   on our Revolving Credit Facility offset by a net   $0.2 million   cash inflow related to our equity plan. 
  As of   September 25, 2016  , we lease six of our restaurant locations and our corporate office from entities owned by our founders. We had no other financing transactions, arrangements or other relationships with any unconsolidated affiliates or related parties. Additionally, we had no financing arrangements involving synthetic leases or trading activities involving commodity contracts. 
  Capital Resources 
  Long-Term Capital Requirements 
  Our capital requirements are primarily dependent upon the pace of our growth plan and resulting new restaurants. Our growth plan is dependent upon many factors, including economic conditions, real estate markets, restaurant locations and the nature of our lease agreements. Our capital expenditure outlays are also dependent on maintenance and remodel costs in our existing restaurants as well as information technology and other general corporate capital expenditures. 
  The capital resources required for a new restaurant depend on whether the restaurant is a ground-up construction or a conversion. We estimate that each ground-up restaurant will require a total cash investment of $1.8 million to $2.4 million (net of estimated tenant incentives of between zero and $1.0 million). We estimate that each conversion will require a total cash investment of $2.0 million to $2.2 million. In addition to the cost of the conversion or ground-up buildout, we expect to spend approximately $400,000 to $450,000 per restaurant for restaurant pre-opening costs. We currently target a cash-on-cash return beginning in the third operating year of 30.0%, and a sales to investment ratio of 1.9:1 for our new restaurants. 
  For   2016  , we currently estimate capital expenditure outlays will range between   $33.0 million   and   $35.0 million  , net of agreed upon tenant improvement allowances and excluding approximately   $5.0 million   to   $5.9 million   of restaurant pre-opening costs for new restaurants that are not capitalized. We spent   $4.1 million   on pre-opening costs during the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016  . These capital expenditure estimates are based on average new restaurant capital expenditures of   $2.3 million   (net of estimated tenant improvement allowances) for the opening of   12   new restaurants as well as   $5.0 million   to maintain and remodel our existing restaurants and for general corporate purposes. 
  Based on our growth plans, we believe our combined expected cash flows from operations, available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and expected tenant improvement allowances will be sufficient to finance our planned capital expenditures and other operating activities in fiscal   2016  . 
  Short-Term Capital Requirements    
  Our operations have not required significant working capital and, like many restaurant companies, we generally operate with negative working capital. Restaurant sales are primarily paid for in cash or by credit card, and restaurant operations do not require significant inventories or receivables. In addition, we receive trade credit for the purchase of food, beverages and supplies, therefore reducing the need for incremental working capital to support growth. We had a net working capital   surplus   of   $1.5 million   at   September 25, 2016   compared to a deficit of   $7.8 million   at   December 27, 2015  . 
  Revolving Credit Facility 
  On November 30, 2012, we entered into our $25.0 million Revolving Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.  On October 30, 2015, we entered into an amendment to our Revolving Credit Facility to, among other things, (1) extend the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility to October 30, 2020 from November 30, 2017 and (2) revise the applicable margins and leverage ratios that determine the commitment fees and interest rates payable by the Company under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of   September 25, 2016   we had   no   outstanding indebtedness under our Revolving Credit Facility. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Under our Revolving Credit Facility, we may request to increase the size of our Revolving Credit Facility by up to $25.0 million, in minimum principal amounts of $5.0 million or the remaining amount of the $25.0 million if less than $5.0 million (the "Incremental Revolving Loan"), the Incremental Revolving Loan will be effective after 10 days written notice to the agent. In the event that any of the lenders fund the Incremental Revolving Loan, the terms and provisions of the Incremental Revolving Loan will be the same as under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility generally bear interest at a variable rate based upon our election, of (i) the base rate (which is the highest of prime rate, federal funds rate plus 0.5% or one month LIBOR plus 1.0%), or (ii) LIBOR, plus, in either case, an applicable margin based on our consolidated total lease adjusted leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility agreement). Our Revolving Credit Facility also requires payment for commitment fees that accrue on the daily unused commitment of the lender at the applicable margin, which varies based on our consolidated total lease adjusted leverage ratio. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility requires compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio, a lease adjusted leverage ratio and certain non-financial covenants as well as places certain restrictions on the payment of dividends and distributions. Under the Revolving Credit Facility, Chuy's may declare and make dividend payments so long as (i) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) immediately after giving effect to any such dividend payment, on a pro forma basis, the lease adjusted leverage ratio does not exceed 3.50 to 1.00. 
  The obligations under the Company s long-term debt are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations from what was previously disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of   September 25, 2016  , we are not involved in any variable interest entities transactions and do not otherwise have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
  Significant Accounting Policies 
  There have been no material changes to the significant accounting policies from what was previously disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  For information regarding new accounting pronouncements, see Note 2,   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
  Forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe that these factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
             
    the success of our existing and new restaurants; 
                
    our ability to identify appropriate sites and develop and expand our operations; 
                
    changes in economic conditions; 
                
    damage to our reputation or lack of acceptance of our brand in existing or new markets; 
                
    our expansion into markets that we are unfamiliar with; 
                
    economic and other trends and developments, including adverse weather conditions, in the local or regional areas in which our restaurants are located and specifically in Texas where a large percentage of our restaurants are located; 
                
    the impact of negative economic factors, including the availability of credit, on our landlords and surrounding tenants; 
                
    changes in food availability and costs; 
                
    labor shortages and increases in our labor costs, including as a result of changes in government regulation, such as the adoption of the new federal health care legislation; 
                
    food safety and food borne illness concerns; 
                
    increased competition in the restaurant industry and the segments in which we compete; 

17 

     Table of Contents  

the impact of legislation and regulations regarding nutritional information, and new information or attitudes regarding diet and health or adverse opinions about the health of consuming our menu offerings; 
                
    the impact of federal, state and local beer, liquor and food service regulations; 
                
    the impact of litigation; 
                
    the success of our marketing programs; 
                
    the impact of new restaurant openings, including the effect on our existing restaurants when opening new restaurants in the same markets; 
                
    the loss of key members of our management team; 
                
    strain on our infrastructure and resources caused by our growth; 
                
    the inadequacy of our insurance coverage and fluctuating insurance requirements and costs; 
                
    the impact of our indebtedness on our ability to invest in the ongoing needs of our business; 
                
    our ability to obtain debt or other financing on favorable terms or at all; 
                
    the impact of a potential requirement to record asset impairment charges in the future; 
                
    the impact of security breaches of confidential customer information in connection with our electronic processing of credit and debit card transactions; 
                
    inadequate protection of our intellectual property; 
                
    the failure of our information technology system or the breach of our network security; 
                
    a major natural or man-made disaster; 
                
    our increased costs and obligations as a result of being a public company; 
                
    the impact of electing to take advantage of certain exemptions applicable to emerging growth companies; 
                
    the failure of our internal control over financial reporting; 
                
    the impact of federal, state and local tax laws; 
                
    volatility in the price of our common stock; 
                
    the impact of future sales of our common stock and the exercise of stock options and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of our common stock; 
                
    the impact of a downgrade of our shares by securities analysts or industry analysts, the publication of negative research or reports, or lack of publication of reports about our business; 
                
    the effect of anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law; 
                
    the effect of our decision to not pay dividends for the foreseeable future; 
                
    the effect of changes in accounting principles applicable to us; 
                
    our ability to raise capital in the future; and 
                
    the conflicts of interest that may arise with some of our directors. 
     The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this report and in our Annual Report. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Any forward-looking statements you read in this report reflect our views as of the date of this report with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. We assume no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as may be required by law. 

18 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  There have been no material changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk from what was previously disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC. 
   
  Item 4.    Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  
  The design of any system of control is based upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all future events, no matter how remote, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may not deteriorate. Because of its inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

19 

Table of Contents  

Part II Other Information 
   
  Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 
  Occasionally, we are a party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business including claims resulting from  slip and fall  accidents, employment related claims and claims from customers or employees alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health or operational concerns. None of these types of litigation, most of which are covered by insurance, has had a material effect on us in the past. As of the date of this report, we are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings and are not aware of any claims that could have a materially adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our most recent Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
  Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  The table below provides information with respect to our purchase of shares of our common stock during the three months ended   September 25, 2016  : 

(1) 
    To satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units during the   third   quarter of 2016, we withheld a total of 320 shares that are included in the total number of shares purchased column above. 
      
  Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 
   
  Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures 
  None. 
   
  Item 5.    Other Information 
  None. 
   
  Item 6.    Exhibits 
  See Exhibit Index following the signature page of this report. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
  Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   CHUY S HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Steven J. Hislop 
        
    Name: 
    Steven J. Hislop 
        
    Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Jon W. Howie 
        
    Name: 
    Jon W. Howie 
        
    Title: 
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index 
    
                 Exhibit No. 
    Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Steven J. Hislop, certify that:  
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chuy s Holdings, Inc.;  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
           a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    
                 
      /s/ Steven J. Hislop 
      Steven J. Hislop 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Jon W. Howie, certify that:  
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Chuy s Holdings, Inc.;  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
           a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    
                 
      /s/ Jon W. Howie 
      Jon W. Howie 
      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF  
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Chuy s Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the  Company ), for the period ending   September 25, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Steven J. Hislop, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Jon W. Howie, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:   November 3, 2016    
               /s/ Steven J. Hislop 
      Steven J. Hislop 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jon W. Howie 
      Jon W. Howie 
      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 chuy-20160925.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 chuy-20160925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 chuy-20160925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 chuy-20160925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 chuy-20160925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 chuy-20160925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

