<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1578776_0001571049-16-020649_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12556123</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>360966</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>686155</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3204506</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5304953</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2639858</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>249</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-020649.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214161153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-020649
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001578776
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55084
		FILM NUMBER:		162051247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1834 W. OREGON AVENUE
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19145
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-755-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1834 W. OREGON AVENUE
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19145

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-020649.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 t1600788_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

Commission File Number: 000-55084  

PRUDENTIAL
BANCORP, INC.    

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

PENNSYLVANIA  
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
        or organization)  
     
          46-2935427  
         (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

1834 WEST OREGON AVENUE   
       19145    

PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA   
       ( Zip Code)   

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

Registrant's telephone number: (including
area code)  (215) 755-1500  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class  
       
      Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered   

Common Stock (par value $0.01 per share)  
       
      The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act:  NONE  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES    
NO  x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES    
NO  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has  submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer      
       
     Accelerated Filer  x   
 
     Non-Accelerated Filer      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
     Smaller Reporting Company       

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES     NO  x  

The aggregate market value of the voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant based on the closing price of $14.32 on March 31, 2016, the last business day of
the Registrant's second quarter was approximately $103.2 million (8,060,799 shares issued and outstanding less
approximately 847,000 million shares held by affiliates at $14.32 per share). Although directors and executive officers of
the Registrant and certain employee benefit plans were assumed to be  affiliates  of the Registrant for purposes of
the calculation, the classification is not to be interpreted as an admission of such status. 

As of the close of business on December
6, 2016, there were 8,045,544 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

1.  Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III,
Items 10-14 of this Form 10-K.   

Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  FORM 10-K INDEX  

  For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30,
2016  

PART I    
      Page   

Item 1.    
      Business  
      1   

Item 1A.    
      Risk Factors  
      41   

Item 1B.    
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
      50   

Item 2.    
      Properties  
      51   

Item 3.    
      Legal Proceedings  
      52   

Item 4.    
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      53   

PART II  

Item 5.    
      Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
      54   

Item 6.    
      Selected Financial Data  
      57   

Item 7.    
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      59   

Item 7A.    
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      72   

Item 8.    
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
      72   

Item 9.    
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
      128   

Item 9A.    
      Controls and Procedures  
      128   

Item 9B.    
      Other Information  
      130   

PART III  

Item 10.    
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
      130   

Item 11.    
      Executive Compensation  
      130   

Item 12.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
      130   

Item 13.    
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
      131   

Item 14.    
      Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
      131   

PART IV  

Item 15.    
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
      131   

Signatures  

Forward-looking Statements . 

In addition to historical information, this
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain  forward-looking statements  based on management's current expectations.
Prudential Bancorp, Inc. s (the  Company  or  Prudential Bancorp ) actual results could differ materially,
as such term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, from management's
expectations. These forward looking statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward looking statements provided
by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding management's
current intentions, beliefs or expectations as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. These forward-looking
statements are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are not
subject to the Company s control. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause future results to vary from current management expectations include, but are
not limited to, general economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government,
changes in tax policies, rates and regulations of federal, state and local tax authorities, changes in interest rates, deposit
flows, the cost of funds, demand for loan products, demand for financial services, competition, changes in the quality or composition
of the Company's loan, investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolios, changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines
and other economic, competitive, governmental and technological factors affecting the Company's operations, markets, products,
services and fees. 

The Company undertakes no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes
to future operating results that occur subsequent to the date such forward-looking statements are made. 

PART I  

Item 1. Business  

General   

Prudential Bancorp is a Pennsylvania corporation
that was incorporated in June 2013. It is the successor corporation to Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania ( Old Prudential
Bancorp ), the former stock holding company for Prudential Savings Bank (the  Bank  or  Prudential Savings 
and conducts business as  Prudential Bank ), a Pennsylvania-chartered, FDIC-insured savings bank, after the completion
in October 2013 of the mutual-to-stock conversion of Prudential Mutual Holding Company (the  MHC ), the former mutual
holding company for the Bank. 

The mutual-to-stock conversion was completed
on October 9, 2013. In connection with the conversion, Prudential Bancorp sold 7,141,602 shares of common stock at $10.00 per share
in a public offering. In addition 2,403,207 shares were issued in exchange for the outstanding shares of common stock of Old Prudential
Bancorp held by shareholders other than the MHC. Each share of Old Prudential Bancorp s common stock owned by the public
was exchanged for 0.9442 shares of Prudential Bancorp common stock. Gross proceeds from the conversion and offering were approximately
$71.4 million. Upon completion of the offering and the exchange, 9,544,809 shares of common stock of Prudential Bancorp were issued
and outstanding. 

Financial information as of and for the year
ended September 30, 2013 presented in this annual report is derived from the consolidated financial statements of Old Prudential
Bancorp 

Prudential Bancorp s business activity
primarily consists of the ownership of the Bank s common stock, and to a lesser degree the management of the offering proceeds
it retained. Prudential Bancorp does not own or lease any property. Instead, it uses the premises, equipment and other property
of the Bank. Accordingly, the information set forth in this annual report, including the consolidated financial statements and
related financial data, relates primarily to the Bank. As a bank holding company, Prudential Bancorp is subject to the regulation
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( Federal Reserve Board ). 

The Company s results of operations
are primarily dependent on the results of the Bank. As of September 30, 2016, the Company, on a consolidated basis, had total assets
of approximately $559.5 million, total deposits of approximately $389.2 million, and total stockholders  equity of approximately
$114.0 million. 

The Bank is a community-oriented savings
bank headquartered in South Philadelphia which was originally organized in 1886 as a Pennsylvania-chartered building and loan association
known as  The South Philadelphia Building and Loan Association No. 2.  The Bank grew through a number of mergers with
other mutual institutions with the last merger being with Continental Savings and Loan Association in 1983. The Bank converted
to a Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank in August 2004. The banking office network currently consists of the headquarters and
main office and five full-service branch offices. Five of the banking offices are located in Philadelphia (Philadelphia County)
and one is in Drexel Hill in neighboring Delaware County, Pennsylvania. The Bank maintains ATMs at all of the banking offices.
We also provide on-line and mobile banking services. 

We are primarily engaged
in attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds to invest in loans and securities. The Company s principal
sources of funds are deposits, repayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities, maturities and calls of investment securities
and interest-bearing deposits, funds provided from operations and funds borrowed from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh.
These funds are primarily used for the origination of various loan types including single-family residential mortgage loans, construction
and land development loans, non-residential or commercial real estate mortgage loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, commercial
business loans and consumer loans. We are an active originator of residential home mortgage loans in the market area, including
loans in excess of $417,000 (which are referred to as  jumbo loans ). Traditionally, the Bank focused on originating
long-term single-family residential mortgage loans for portfolio. Although we had been involved in construction lending, beginning
in fiscal 2003, we began to significantly increase our involvement in construction and land development lending. However, due
to the recession and the decline in real estate values, we curtailed our construction lending activities starting in 2008. In
view of the modest minor improvement s in the local economy, the Company has returned to lend locally in construction and
land development loans within it s general market area. Construction and land development loans increased from $14.9 million
or 5.7% of the total loan portfolio at September 30, 2012 to $21.8 million or 6.2% of the total loan portfolio at September 30,
2016. The Company also increased its commercial real estate loans from $19.3 million or 7.4% of the total loan
portfolio at September 30, 2012 to $79.9 million or 22.7% of the total loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. See  - Asset
Quality  . 

The investment and mortgage-backed securities
portfolio increased by $34.8 million to $178.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $143.9 million at September 30, 2015. This increase
was primarily due to the purchase of $49.6 million of mortgage-backed securities, $25.5 million in corporate debt and $30.5 million
of U.S. government agency obligations investment securities. Also contributing to the increase was the improvement in the unrealized
value of the available for sale portfolio. This increase was partially offset by the $53.7 million received from called securities,
$11.6 million from in sales and $4.3 million in principal payments. The Company recorded approximately $418,000 in gains from the
sale of mortgage-backed securities. At September 30, 2016, the investment and mortgage-backed securities had an aggregate net unrealized
gain of $1.5 million compared with the unrealized gain of $27,000 as of September 30, 2015, which was primarily due to recent decreases
in the yield on longer term U.S. treasury bond yields which resulted in an improvement in the fair value of our available-for-sale
securities. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company s
non-performing assets totaled $16.5  million or 2.9% of total assets as compared to $14.8 million or 3.0% of total
assets at September 30, 2015, of which was primarily due to the placement on non-accrual of the entire amount of the Company s
largest loan relationship totaling $12.3 million and consisting of nine loans. Non-performing assets at September 30, 2016 included
five construction loans aggregating $10.3 million, 18 one-to-four family residential loans aggregating $3.4 million, one
single-family residential investment property loan totaling $1.4 million and three commercial real estate loans aggregating $1.5
million. At September 30, 2016, the Company had eleven loans aggregating $8.2 million that were classified as troubled debt restructurings
( TDRs ). Three of such loans aggregating $5.7 million as of September 30, 2016 were classified as non-performing
as a result of not achieving a sufficiently long payment history, under the restructured terms, to justify returning the loans
to performing (accrual) status. Two of these three loans totaling $4.3 million (which are part of the Company s largest
relationship referenced above) are over 90 days past due resulting from the discontinuation of funding by the Company due to the
re-negotiation of the project s cash flows and the other residential loan of approximately $1.4 million has made all of
its required payment to date, but the Company has not changed the loan to a performing status. The remaining eight TDRs have performed
in accordance with the terms of their revised agreements. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had reviewed $19.4 million of
loans for possible impairment of which $14.6 million was deemed classified as substandard compared to $16.8 million reviewed for
possible impairment and $12.4 million of which was classified substandard as of September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses
totaled $3.2 million, or 0.9% of total loans and 20.59% of total non-performing loans at September 30, 2016. See  - Asset
Quality  . 

The executive offices are located at 1834
West Oregon Avenue, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the Company s telephone number is (215) 755-1500. 

Proposed Merger with Polonia Bancorp   

On June 2, 2016, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Polonia Bancorp, Inc. ( Polonia Bancorp 
or  Polonia ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Polonia Bancorp will merge with and into the Company (the  Merger )
and Polonia Bancorp s wholly owned subsidiary, Polonia Bank, a federally chartered savings bank, will merge with
and into the Bank.   

At the effective time of the Merger, each
outstanding share of Polonia Bancorp common stock will be converted into the right to receive, at the election of the Polonia Bancorp
shareholder (subject to certain conditions, including conditions relating to pro-ration): (i) 0.7591 of a share of Company common
stock (the  Exchange Ratio ) or (ii) $11.28 in cash (the  Per Share Cash Consideration  and collectively
with the Exchange Ratio, the  Merger Consideration ), subjected to adjustment as described below. The election of shares
of Company stock or cash will be subject to proration such that 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Polonia Bancorp common
stock will be exchanged for Company common stock and 50% will be exchanged for cash. Options to purchase Polonia Bancorp common
stock outstanding at the effective time of the Merger will fully vest and be exchanged for a cash payment equal to the difference,
if positive, between the Per Share Cash Consideration under the Merger Agreement and the corresponding exercise price of such option. 

The Merger Consideration is subject to
adjustment in certain limited situations. In the event that Polonia Bancorp Consolidated Stockholders  Equity, as calculated
in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, is less than $37.4 million as of the Final Statement Date, as defined in
the Merger Agreement, then the Exchange Ratio and the Per Share Cash Consideration will be adjusted downward to reflect the amount
of the difference between $37.4 million and the Polonia Bancorp Consolidated Stockholders  Equity as of the Final
Statement Date. The Merger Consideration is subject to potential upward adjustment to reflect the after-tax impact
of certain recoveries experienced by Polonia Bancorp, if any, achieved prior to the Final Statement Date as specified in the Merger
Agreement. In such situation, the Exchange Ratio and the Per Share Cash Consideration, as they may have been adjusted downward
as noted above, will be correspondingly adjusted to reflect the amount of such after-tax recoveries. 

Market Area and Competition  

The primary market area is Philadelphia,
in particular South Philadelphia and Center City, as well as Delaware County. We also conduct business in Bucks, Chester and Montgomery
Counties which, along with Delaware County, comprise the suburbs of Philadelphia. We also make loans in contiguous counties in
southern New Jersey and to a lesser extent, the entire Mid-Atlantic region. 

We face substantial competition from other
financial institutions in our service area, especially from many local community banks, as well as many local credit unions. Competition
among financial institutions is based upon a number of factors, including the quality of services rendered, interest rates offered
on deposit accounts, interest rates charged on loans and other credit services, service charges, the convenience of banking facilities,
locations and hours of operation and, in the case of loans to larger commercial borrowers, applicable lending limits. Many of the
financial institutions with which we compete have greater financial resources than we do, and offer a wider range of deposit and
lending products. 

We believe that an attractive niche exists
serving small to medium sized business customers not adequately served by our larger competitors, and we will seek opportunities
to build commercial relationships to complement our retail strategy. We believe small to medium-sized businesses will continue
to respond in a positive manner to the attentive and highly personalized service we provide. 

Lending Activities  

General.  At September 30, 2016,
the net loan portfolio totaled $344.9 million or 61.6% of total assets. The Company has changed its lending philosophy and started
to originate and maintain loans secured by multi-family and commercial real estate which comprise 26.2% of the loan portfolio.
Management believes it has the expertise to underwrite these types of loans which management believes will add to earnings while
reducing interest rate risk due to the generally shorter contractual maturity of such loans. The Company still holds
$233.5 million of residential real estate loans collateralized by one- to- four family, also known as  single-family ,
homes secured by properties located, in substantially all cases, in the Company s market area. 

The types of loans that we may originate
are subject to federal and state banking laws and regulations. Interest rates charged by us on loans are affected principally by
the demand for such loans and the supply of money available for lending purposes and the rates offered by competitors. These factors
are, in turn, affected by general and economic conditions, the monetary policy of the federal government, including the Federal
Reserve Board, legislative tax policies and governmental budgetary matters. 

Loan Portfolio Composition . The following
table shows the composition of the loan portfolio by type of loan at the dates indicated. 

Contractual Terms to Final Maturities.
 The following table shows the scheduled contractual maturities of loans as of September 30, 2016, before giving effect to
net items. Demand loans, loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated maturity, and overdrafts are reported as
due in one year or less. The amounts shown below do not take into account loan prepayments. 

The following table shows the dollar amount
of all loans due after one year from September 30, 2016, as shown in the table above, which have fixed interest rates or which
have floating or adjustable interest rates. 

(1)  Includes home equity loans and lines of credit. 

The  Bank
originates construction and development loans and commercial real estate loans with fixed rates and shorter contractual maturities
(than is generally the case for residential mortgage loans). To a lesser extent five, seven and 10 year hybrid adjustable-rate
mortgage loans, consisting primarily of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans are also originated for retention
in the portfolio. The interest rate is initially fixed for a specified period (five, seven or 10 years) and then converts to an
adjustable interest rate which adjusts each year thereafter for the remainder of the loan term. The seven and 10 year adjustable-rate
mortgages have artificially low initial interest rates at the date of origination commonly known as  teaser rates. 
Most of the  hybrid  loans are originated in connection with the origination of jumbo residential mortgage loans.

Loan Originations.  The Bank s
lending activities are subject to underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our board of directors
and management. Loan originations are obtained through a variety of sources, including existing customers as well as new customers
obtained from referrals and local advertising and promotional efforts. Consumer loan applications are taken at any of our offices
while loan applications for all other types of loans, including home equity and home equity line of credits, are taken only at
our main office. All loan applications are processed and underwritten centrally at our main office. 

Single-family residential mortgage loans
are generally written on standardized documents used by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( FHLMC  or  Freddie
Mac ) and Federal National Mortgage Association ( FNMA  or  Fannie Mae ). Property valuations of
loans secured by real estate are undertaken by independent third-party appraisers approved by the board of directors and are reviewed
internally before acceptance. At both September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company had no real estate loans that
would be considered subprime loans, which we define as mortgage loans advanced to borrowers who do not qualify for loans bearing
market interest rates because of problems with their credit history.  The Bank does not originate and has not in the past
originated subprime loans.  

We also purchase participation interests
in larger balance loans, typically commercial real estate loans, from other financial institutions in our market area. Such participations
are reviewed for compliance, are underwritten independently in accordance with our underwriting criteria and are approved before
they are purchased by the Management Loan Committee and one of the following: the President s Committee, the
Executive Committee or the full board, based upon the amount of participation being purchased. Generally, loan purchases
have been without any recourse to the seller. However, we actively monitor the performance of such loans through the receipt of
regular updates, including inspection reports, from the lead lender regarding the loan s performance, discussing the loan
with the lead lender on a regular basis and receiving copies of updated financial statements of the borrower from the lead lender.
These loans are subjected to regular internal reviews in accordance with our loan policy. 

The Bank typically holds a 100% interest
in construction and land development loans. The Bank has in the past and currently reserves the option to sell participation interests.
We generally have sold participation interests in loans only when a loan would exceed the Bank s internal and/or legal loans
to one borrower limits. With respect to the sale of participation interests in such loans, we have received commitments to purchase
such participation interests prior to the time the loan is closed. See   -Lending Activities - Construction and Land Development
Lending.   

As part
of the Bank s loan policy, we are permitted, to make loans to one borrower and related entities in an aggregate amount
of up to 15% of the capital accounts of the Bank which consist of the aggregate of its capital, surplus, undivided profits,
capital securities and allowance for loan losses. At September 30, 2016, the Bank s internal  guidance 
limit is $10.0 million to one borrower as a threshold. The Bank is permitted to exceed in certain situations subject to the
approval of the Board of Directors subject to the overall legal/regulatory lending limit which was calculated to be $15.5
million at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, our three largest loans to one borrower and related entities amounted
to $14.4 million, $12.2 million and $7.8 million. As of this date, the largest relationship of $14.4 million consisted of
five construction loans with a disbursed balance totaling $10.3 million ($2.1 million available in loans in process), two
commercial real estate loans totaling $1.3 million and three residential mortgages totaling $711,000. The second largest
relationship of $12.2 million was a participation loan to fund the acquisition of a six-story, 38-unit condominium project
with retail space on the first floor located in Brooklyn, New York. The third relationship totaling $7.8 million consists of
two loans consisting of: one loan in the amount of $6.5 million secured by a 40-unit building used for student housing
and a second loan in the amount of $1.3 million secured by a nine-unit student housing building, both located in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. For more information regarding  these loans,
see    -Lending Activities - Construction and Land Development Lending.   

The following table shows our total loans
originated, purchased, sold and repaid during the periods indicated. 

(1)  Includes loan participations with other lenders.   

One-to-Four Family
Residential Mortgage Lending.  A prudent lending activity continues to be the origination or purchase of loans secured by
first mortgages on one-to-four family residential properties located in the Company s market area. Our
single-family residential mortgage loans are obtained through the lending department and branch personnel and to a lessor
extend through correspondents. The balance of such loans increased, on a dollar basis, from $222.8 million or 84.7% of total
loans at September 30, 2012 to $233.5 million, or 66.4% of total loans at September 30, 2016. The percentage of total loans
such loans represented has decreased as our focus has shifted to the origination of commercial real estate loans. 

Single-family residential mortgage
loans generally are underwritten on terms and documentation conforming to guidelines issued by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. We
have retained for portfolio a substantial portion of the single-family residential mortgage loans that we historically
originate, including our jumbo residential mortgage loans, only selling certain long-term, fixed-rate loans bearing interest
rates below certain levels established by the board. During fiscal year ended 2016, the Company sold five single-family
residential loans servicing released totaling $450,000 for a gain $11,000 We service all loans that we have originated and
retained. We currently offer adjustable-rate mortgage and balloon loans, which are structured as shorter term fixed-rate
loans (generally 10 years or less) followed by a final payment of the full amount of the principal due at the maturity date.
Due to the interest rate environment, originations of such loans have been limited in recent years. However, in recent
periods we have offered  hybrid  adjustable-rate loans in order to increase the interest-rate sensitivity of the
single-family residential mortgage loan portfolio, which loans have been more attractive to customers than traditional
adjustable-rate loans since the initial interest rate is initially fixed for a specified period. At September 30, 2016, $67.2
million, or 29.5%, of our one-to-four family residential loan portfolio consisted of adjustable-rate loans. We also
originate fixed-rate, fully amortizing mortgage loans with maturities of 15, 20 or 30 years, for resale in the secondary
market. 

While continuing to operate in the historically
low current interest rate environment and to assist in the implementation of our asset/liability management policy, we have placed
an emphasis on the origination of single-family mortgage loans to be sold in the secondary markets. 

We underwrite one- to-four family residential
mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios of up to 95%, provided that the borrower obtains private mortgage insurance on loans that
exceed 80% of the appraised value or sales price, whichever is less, of the secured property. We also require that title insurance,
hazard insurance and, if appropriate, flood insurance be maintained on all properties securing real estate loans. A licensed appraiser
appraises all properties securing one-to-four family first mortgage loans. Our mortgage loans generally include due-on-sale clauses
which provide us with the contractual right to deem the loan immediately due and payable in the event the borrower transfers ownership
of the property. 

Our single-family residential mortgage loans
also include home equity loans and lines of credit, which amounted to $3.8 million and $7.4 million, respectively, at September
30, 2016. The unused portion of home equity lines was $3.5 million at such date. Our home equity loans are fully amortizing and
have terms to maturity of up to 20 years. While home equity loans also are secured by the borrower s residence, we generally
obtain a second mortgage position on these loans. Our lending policy provides that our home equity loans have loan-to-value ratios,
when combined with any first mortgage, of 80% or less at time of origination, although the preponderance of our home equity loans
have combined loan-to-value ratios of 75% or less at time of origination. We also offer home equity revolving lines of credit with
interest tied to the  Wall Street Journal  prime rate plus a stipulated margin. Generally, we have a second mortgage on the
borrower s residence as collateral on our home equity lines. In addition, our home equity lines generally have loan-to-value
ratios (combined with any loan secured by a first mortgage) of 75% or less at time of origination. Our customers may apply for
home equity lines as well as home equity loans at any banking office. While there has been decline in some collateral values due
to the continued weak real estate market, we believe our conservative underwriting guidelines have minimized our exposure in that
regard. 

Construction and Land Development Lending. 
We have maintained our emphasis on construction and land development loans originations because construction loans have shorter
terms to maturity, provide an attractive yield and generally have either higher fixed interest rates or adjustable interest rates.
We have focused our construction lending on making loans to developers and homebuilders with whom we have long-standing relationships
within our primary market area to acquire, develop and build single-family residences or condominium projects. Our construction
loans include, to a lesser extent, loans for the construction of multi-family residential or mixed-use properties. At September
30, 2016, our construction and loan development loans amounted to $21.8 million, or 6.2% of our total loan portfolio. This amount
includes $5.4 million of undisbursed loans in process. The average size of our construction and land development loans, excluding
loans to our largest lending relationship, was approximately $630,000 at September 30, 2016. Our construction loan portfolio has
modestly increased since September 30, 2012 when construction loans amounted to $14.9 million or 5.65% of our total loan portfolio
as compared to $21.8 million or 6.2% of our total loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. 

Loans to finance the construction of condominium
projects or single-family homes and subdivisions are generally offered to experienced builders in our primary market area with
whom we have an established relationship. Residential construction and development loans are offered with terms of up to 36 months
although typically the terms are 12 to 24 months. The maximum loan-to-value limit applicable to these loans is 75% of the appraised
post construction value and the policy does not require amortization of the principal during the term of the loan. We often establish
interest reserves and obtain personal and corporate guarantees as additional security on the construction loans. Interest reserves
are used to pay the monthly interest payments during the development phase of the loan and are treated as an addition to the loan
balance. Interest reserves pose an additional risk to the Company if it does not become aware of deterioration in the borrower s
financial condition before the interest reserve is fully utilized. In order to help monitor the risk, financial statements and
tax returns are obtained from borrowers on an annual basis. Additionally, construction loans are reviewed at least annually pursuant
to a third party loan review. Construction loan proceeds are disbursed periodically in increments as construction progresses and
as inspection by approved appraisers or loan inspectors warrants. Construction loans are negotiated on an individual basis but
typically have floating rates of interest based upon the  Wall Street Journal  prime rate plus a stipulated margin. Additional
fees may be charged as funds are disbursed. In addition to interest payments during the term of the construction loan, we typically
require that payments to reduce the principal outstanding be made as units are completed and released. Generally such principal
payments must be equal to 110% of the amount attributable to the acquisition and development of the lot plus 100% of the amount
attributable to construction of the individual home. We permit a pre-determined limited number of model homes to be constructed
on an unsold or  speculative  basis. All other units must be pre-sold before we will disburse funds for construction.
Construction loans also include loans to acquire land and loans to develop the basic infrastructure, such as roads and sewers.
The majority of the construction loans are secured by properties located in the Philadelphia metropolitan statistical area. 

Set forth below is a brief description of the two largest
construction loan or loan relationships.  

As of September 30, 2016, we had
extended five construction and land development loans to a local developer aggregating $10.3 million with a total exposure of
$14.4 million. As a part of the workout the Bank extended two construction loans in the amount of $5.4 million in November
2014. This  loan is being used to develop a 169 unit mixed townhome and condominium single-family residential community.
Currently 12 units are approximately 70% completed  with land improvements pertaining to these units being preformed. As of
September 30, 2016, construction stopped, resulting from law suits filed by both the borrower and  the Company . The
Company believes that the project will resume upon the determination of the courts anticipates the proceeds on unit sales
will be used to pay down the borrower s remaining obligation. As a result of the extension of the additional
construction loans, the Board determined to grant an exception to the Bank s internal loans-to-one borrower limit. As
of September 30, 2015, a total of $1.5 million has been disbursed. A third loan is a $3.6 million construction and land
development loan to purchase land for the future development of 39 single-family residential real estate units. The loan is a
variable-rate loan indexed to the  Wall Street Journal  prime rate plus a margin with a floor of 5.5%. During 2011, a
new appraisal revealed that the market value of the collateral had substantially decreased in value. The borrower
subsequently agreed to provide additional collateral to secure this loan resulting in a revised loan-to-value ratio of 73%.
This loan had its maturity extended to December 2016 and was classified as a trouble debt restructured loan. The fourth loan
is a $2.4 million construction and land development loan containing 25 residential lots and one fully constructed unit. The
loan is a variable-rate loan indexed to the  Wall Street Journal  prime rate plus a margin with a floor of 6.0% where
the maturity date of July 2016 has passed. A foreclosure complaint is being filed.  The remaining construction and
land development loan has an outstanding balance of $1.3 million and is secured by the 169 residential lots in the
referenced mixed town homes and condominium project noted above. All five construction and land development loans
are classified  substandard  and considered to be in a work-out situation as part of the borrower s total
relationship. 

The second largest construction loan was
in the amount of $2.6 million of which $1.1 million has been disbursed as of September 30, 2016. This loan was originated
February 2016. The proceeds were used to acquire and develop five single family residential properties located in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania. 

Construction financing is generally considered
to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction
loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction compared
to the estimated costs, including interest, of construction and other assumptions. Additionally, if the estimate of value proves
to be inaccurate, we may be confronted with a project, when completed, having a value less than the loan amount. We have attempted
to minimize these risks by generally concentrating on residential construction loans in our market area to contractors with whom
we have established lending relationships and by selling, with respect to larger construction and land development loans, participation
interests in order to reduce our exposure. 

Multi-Family Residential and Commercial
Real Estate Loans.  At September 30, 2016, multi-family residential and commercial real estate loans amounted in the aggregate
to $92.3 million or 26.2% of the total loan portfolio. 

The commercial real estate and multi-family
residential real estate loan portfolio consists primarily of loans secured by small office buildings, strip shopping centers,
small apartment buildings and other properties used for commercial and multi-family purposes located in the Company s market
area. At September 30, 2016, the average commercial and multi-family real estate loan size was approximately $888,000. The largest
multi-family residential or commercial real estate loan at September 30, 2016 was a $12.2 million fixed-rate loan secured by 38-unit
luxury condominium building located in Brooklyn, New York with retail space on the first floor. This loan recently closed and
has not been required to make its first scheduled payment. The second largest multi-family residential or commercial real
estate loan at September 30, 2016 was a $6.5 million fixed-rate loan used to develop a nine unit apartment building for student
housing located in Philadelphia, PA. Substantially all of the properties securing the multi-family residential and commercial
real estate loans are located in the Company s primary lending area. 

Although terms for commercial real estate
and multi-family loans vary, our underwriting standards generally allow for terms up to 15 years with loan-to-value ratios of not
more than 75%. Most of the loans are structured with balloon payments of 10 years or less and amortization periods of up to 25
years. Interest rates are either fixed or adjustable, based upon designated market indices such as the  Wall Street Journal 
prime rate plus a margin or, with respect to our multi-family residential loans, the Average Contract Interest Rate for previously
occupied houses as reported by the Federal Housing Finance Board. In addition, fees are charged to the borrower at the origination
of the loan. 

Commercial real estate and multi-family
real estate lending involves different risks than single-family residential lending. These risks include larger loans to individual
borrowers and loan payments that are dependent upon the successful operation of the project or the borrower s business. These
risks can be affected by supply and demand conditions in the project s market area of rental housing units, office and retail
space and other commercial space. We attempt to minimize these risks by limiting loans to proven businesses, only considering properties
with existing operating performance which can be analyzed, using conservative debt coverage ratios in our underwriting, and periodically
monitoring the operation of the business or project and the physical condition of the property. 

Various aspects of commercial and multi-family
loan transactions are evaluated in an effort to mitigate the additional risk in these types of loans. In our underwriting procedures,
consideration is given to the stability of the property s cash flow history, future operating projections, current and projected
occupancy levels, location and physical condition. Generally, we impose a debt service ratio (the ratio of net cash flows from
operations before the payment of debt service to debt service) of not less than 120%. We also evaluate the credit and financial
condition of the borrower, and if applicable, the guarantor. With respect to loan participation interests we purchase, we underwrite
the loans as if we were the originating lender. Appraisal reports prepared by independent appraisers are reviewed by us prior to
the closing of the loan. 

During the past year, the Company has shifted
its emphasis to originate and portfolio more multi-family and commercial real estate loans, due to their higher yield and shorter
duration. Although some delinquencies have existed with respect to these types of loans in our portfolio, no losses have been incurred
over the past several years. 

Consumer Lending Activities.  We offer
various types of consumer loans such as loans secured by deposit accounts and unsecured personal loans. Consumer loans are originated
primarily through existing and walk-in customers and direct advertising. At September 30, 2016, $799,000, or 0.2% of the total
loan portfolio consisted of consumer loans. 

Consumer loans generally have higher interest
rates and shorter terms than residential loans. However, consumer loans have additional credit risk due to the type of collateral
securing the loan or in some cases the absence of collateral. 

Commercial Business Loans.  At
September 30, 2016, commercial business loans consisted of one loan that amounted to $99,000. The Bank re-classed its
one commercial business loan upon an impairment review and prepared an impairment review as of September 30, 2016. Management
has determined no impairment was necessary. The Bank anticipates being able to originate commercial business loans during
fiscal year 2017. 

Commercial business loans are made to small
to mid-sized businesses in our market area primarily to provide working capital. Small business loans may have adjustable or fixed
rates of interest and generally have terms of three years or less but may be as long as 15 years. Our commercial business loans
have historically been underwritten based on the creditworthiness of the borrower and generally require a debt service coverage
ratio of at least 120%. In addition, we generally obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the borrower with respect to
commercial business loans and frequently obtain real estate as additional collateral. 

Leases.  The Company
purchases small business equipment  leases through a relationship with a local Lender specializing in originating such loans.
These leases are purchased based on remaining cash flow s present value  on an agreed upon yield. This Lender provides
the servicing for leases purchased. 

Loan Approval Procedures and Authority. 
Our Board of Directors establishes the Bank s lending policies and procedures. Our various lending policies are reviewed
at least annually by our management team and the Board in order to consider modifications as a result of market conditions, regulatory
changes and other factors. 

The Company maintains separate loan approval
committees with tiered levels of approvals. Management Loan Committee, comprised of Chief Operating Officer ( COO ),
Chief Lending Officer ( CLO ), Chief Credit Officer ( CCO ), Chief Financial Officer ( CFO )
and the Controller has lending approval authority up to $2.5 million. The next tier in the approval process, with an approval range
of $2.5 million to $5.0 million, is the President s Loan committee, comprised of the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
and the COO. Level three of approval authority in the range of $5.0 million to $10.0 million is the Executive Committee, comprised
of two rotating board of director members and the CEO. All loans in excess of $10.0 million must be presented to the full board
of directors for approval. All loans submitted to the top tiers of approval must be recommended for approval by the Management
Loan Committee. For single-family residential loans originated for sale in the secondary market are processed through underwriting
software and are reviewed for approval by two senior officers in the lending department. 

Asset Quality  

General.  One of our key objectives
has been, and continues to be, maintaining a high level of asset quality. In addition to maintaining credit standards for new originations
which we believe are prudent, we are proactive in our loan monitoring, collection and workout processes in dealing with delinquent
or problem loans. We have also retained an independent, third party to undertake periodic reviews of the credit quality of a random
sample of new loans as well as all of our major loans on at least an annual basis. 

Reports listing all delinquent accounts
are generated and reviewed by management on a monthly basis. These reports include information regarding all loans 30 days or more
delinquent as to principal and/or interest and all real estate owned properties and are provided to the Board of Directors. The
procedures we take with respect to delinquencies vary depending on the nature of the loan, period and cause of delinquency and
whether the borrower is habitually delinquent. When a borrower fails to make a required payment on a loan, we take a number of
steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current status. We generally send the borrower a written
notice of non-payment after the loan is first past due. Our guidelines provide that telephone, written correspondence and/or face-to-face
contact will be attempted to ascertain the reasons for delinquency and the prospects of repayment. When contact is made with the
borrower at any time prior to foreclosure, we will attempt to obtain full payment, work out a repayment schedule with the borrower
to avoid foreclosure or, in some instances, accept a deed in lieu of foreclosure. In the event payment is not then received or
the loan not otherwise satisfied, additional letters and telephone calls generally are made. If the loan is still not brought current
or satisfied and it becomes necessary for us to take legal action, which typically occurs after a loan is 90 days or more delinquent,
we will commence foreclosure proceedings against any real property that secures the loan. If a foreclosure action is instituted
and the loan is not brought current, paid in full, or refinanced before foreclosure sale, the property securing the loan generally
is sold at foreclosure and, if purchased by us, becomes real estate owned. Since there has not been a significant increase in recent
years in the one-to-four family residential loans that are 90 days past due, the Company was not adversely impacted by any recent
government programs related to the foreclosure process. 

On loans where the collection of principal
or interest payments is doubtful, the accrual of interest income ceases ( non-accrual  loans). On loans 90 days or
more past due as to principal and/or interest payments, our policy is to discontinue accruing additional interest and reverse any
interest previously accrued. On occasion, this action may be taken earlier if the financial condition of the borrower raises significant
concern with regard to his/her ability to service the debt in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Interest income
is not accrued on these loans until the borrower s financial condition and payment record demonstrate an ability to service
the debt. 

Property acquired by the Bank through foreclosure
is initially recorded at the lower of cost, which is the carrying value of the loan, or fair value at the date of acquisition,
which is fair value of the related assets at the date of foreclosure, less estimated costs to sell. Thereafter, if there is a further
deterioration in value, we charge earnings for the diminution in value. The Bank s policy is to obtain an appraisal on real
estate subject to foreclosure proceedings prior to the time of foreclosure if the property is located outside the Company s
market area or consists of other than single-family residential property. We obtain re-appraisals on a periodic basis, generally
on at least an annual basis, on foreclosed properties. We also conduct inspections on foreclosed properties. 

We account for our impaired loans in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. An impaired loan generally is one for which it is more likely than not, based on
current information, that the lender will not collect all the amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan. Large groups
of smaller balance, homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Loans collectively evaluated for impairment include
smaller balance commercial real estate loans, residential real estate loans and consumer loans. These loans are evaluated as a
group because they have similar characteristics and performance experience. Larger commercial real estate, construction and land
development and commercial business loans are individually evaluated for impairment on at least a quarterly basis by management
.. All loans classified as substandard as part of the loan review process or due to delinquency status are evaluated for potential
impairment. There were $19.4 million of loans evaluated for impairment as of September 30, 2016 (of which $12.3 million are related
to the Bank s largest borrower), consisting of $10.3 million of construction and land development loans, $5.6 million of
one-to-four family residential loans, $3.2 million of commercial real estate loans, a $335,000 multi-family loan and a
$99,000 commercial business loan. Although no specific allocations were applied to these loans, there were partial charge-offs
of $311,000. As of September 30, 2016, there were five loans totaling $2.6 million designated as special mention loans consisting
of three single-family residential loans aggregating $1.7 million, and two commercial real estate loans aggregating $943,000.
As of September 30, 2015 there were eight loans totaling $3.4 million designated as special mention loans, consisting of five
single-family residential loans aggregating $2.1 million, two commercial real estate loans aggregating $965,000 and a multi-family
residential loan totaling $351,000. 

Federal regulations and our policies require
that we utilize an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem assets. We have incorporated
an internal asset classification system, consistent with Federal banking regulations, as a part of our credit monitoring system.
We currently classify problem and potential problem assets as  special mention ,  substandard,   doubtful 
or  loss  assets. An asset is considered  substandard  if it is inadequately protected by the current net
worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Substandard  assets include those characterized
by the  distinct possibility  that the insured institution will sustain  some loss  if the deficiencies
are not corrected. Assets classified as  doubtful  have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified  substandard 
with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make  collection or liquidation in full,  on the basis of
currently existing facts, conditions, and values,  highly questionable and improbable.  Assets classified as  loss 
are those considered  uncollectible  and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment
of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. Assets which do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to
warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are required to be designated  special
mention.  

When an insured institution classifies one
or more assets, or portions thereof, as  substandard  or  doubtful,  it is required that a general valuation
allowance for loan losses be established for loan losses in accordance with established methodology. General valuation allowances
represent loss allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but
which, unlike specific allocations, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies
one or more assets, or portions thereof, as  loss,  it is required to charge off such amount. 

Our allowance for loan losses includes a
portion which is allocated by type of loan, based primarily upon our periodic reviews of the risk elements within the various categories
of loans. The specific components relate to certain impaired loans. The general components cover non-classified loans and are based
on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors in response to changes in risk and market conditions. Our management
believes that, based on information currently available, the allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which covers all
known and inherent losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable at each reporting date. However, actual losses are dependent
upon future events and, as such, further additions to the level of the allowance for loan losses may become necessary. 

We review and classify assets on no less
frequently than a quarterly basis and the Board of Directors is provided with reports on our classified and criticized assets.
We classify assets in accordance with the management guidelines described above. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had no assets
classified as  doubtful  or  loss  and $14.6 million and $12.4 million, respectively, of assets classified
as  substandard.  In addition, there were $2.6 million and $3.4 million of loans designated as  special mention 
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. There was one loan totaling $1.4 million classified as non-performing included
in the loans classified  special mention  as of September 30, 2016. See   Construction and Land Development
Lending . For a discussion of our largest lending relationship which was classified as substandard during fiscal 2014 and
designated as non-performing during fiscal 2016, see also - Non-Performing Loans and Real Estate Owned.  

Delinquent Loans .
The following table shows the delinquencies in the loan portfolio as of the dates indicated. 

Non-Performing Loans and Real Estate
Owned.  The following table sets forth information regarding non-performing loans and real estate owned. The Company s
general policy is to cease accruing interest on loans which are 90 days or more past due and to reverse all accrued interest. At
September 30, 2016, all of the loans listed as 90 or more days past due in the table above were in non-accrual status. At September
30, 2016, the Company had eleven loans aggregating $8.2 million that were classified as troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ).
As of September 30, 2016, eight of the TDRs were performing in accordance with their restructured terms. Three of such loans aggregating
$5.7 million as of September 30, 2016 were classified as non-performing of which two totaling $5.0 million are related to our largest
lending relationship and the remaining one for $700,000 remained on non-accrual status as a result of not achieving a sufficiently
sustained payment history under the restructured terms to justify returning the loan to performing (accrual) status. 

The following table shows the amounts of
non-performing assets (defined as non-accruing loans, accruing loans 90 days or more past due as to principal or interest and real
estate owned) at the dates indicated. 

(1)Includes at: (i) September 30, 2016, $5.7 million
of troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) that were classified non-performing consisting of a $3.6 million construction and land development
loan, a $1.4 million one-to-four family loan and a $729,000 commercial real estate loan; (ii) September 30, 2015, $5.8 million
of TDRs that were classified non-performing consisting of a $3.6 million construction and land development loan, a $1.4 million
one-to-four family loan and a $737,000 commercial real estate loan; (iii) September 30, 2014, $2.4 million of TDRs that were classified
non-performing consisting of a $1.5 million one-to-four family loan and a $877,000 commercial real estate loan, (iv) at September
30, 2013, $2.1 million of TDRs consisting of a one-to-four family loan in the amount of $157,000 and five commercial real estate
loans totaling $1.9 million; and (v) September 30, 2012, $8.1 million of TDRs consisting of five loans to the same borrower related
to a 133-unit condominium project that was resolved in fiscal 2013. 

 (2)Non-performing loans consist of non-accruing loans
plus accruing loans 90 days or more past due. 

 (3)Real estate owned balances are shown net of related
loss allowances and consist solely of real property. 

Interest income on non-accrual loans is
recognized on the cash basis until either the loan is paid-in full or the Bank determines after a significant payment history
has been achieved to warrant the involved loan being classified as a performing loan and being returned to accruing status. There
was $175,000 of such interest recognized during fiscal 2016 while there was $605,000 of such interest recognized for non-accrual
loans for fiscal 2015. Approximately $412,000 in additional interest income would have been recognized during the year
ended September 30, 2016 if these loans had been performing during fiscal 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company s
non-performing assets totaled $16.5 million or 2.9% of total assets as compared to $14.8 million or 3.0% of total assets at September
30, 2015. All of the increase was due to the placement on non-accrual of the entire amount of the Company s largest loan
relationship totaling $12.3 million and consisting of nine loans. Non-performing assets at September 30, 2016 included five construction
loans aggregating $10.3 million, 17 one-to-four-family residential loans aggregating $2.9 million, one single-family residential
investment property loan totaling $1.4 million and two commercial real estate loans aggregating $1.3 million. Non-performing assets
also included at September 30, 2016 two real estate properties consisting of one single-family residential property totaling $374,000
and a commercial real estate property totaling $207,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had 11 loans aggregating $8.2 million
that were classified as TDRs. Three of such loans aggregating $5.7 million as of September 30, 2016 were classified as non-performing
as a result of not achieving a sufficiently long payment history, under the restructured terms, to justify returning the loans
to performing (accrual) status. Two of these three loans totaling $4.3 million (which are part of the Company s largest relationship
referenced above) are over 90 days past due resulting from the discontinuation of funding by the Company of the development project due to the re-negotiation of the project s future direction to completion. The third loan, consisting of
a residential loan of approximately $1.4 million, has made all of its required payments to date, but the Company has not returned
the loan to performing status due to concerns with regard to the borrower s ability to make remaining payments due. The remaining
eight TDRs have performed in accordance with the terms of their revised agreements. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had reviewed
$19.4 million of loans for possible impairment of which $14.6 million was deemed classified as substandard compared to $16.8 million
reviewed for possible impairment and $12.4 million of which was classified substandard as of September 30, 2015. 

Allowance for Loan Losses.  The allowance
for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. We maintain the allowance at a level believed,
to the best of management s knowledge, to cover all known and inherent losses in the portfolio that are both probable and
reasonable to estimate at each reporting date. Management reviews the allowance for loan losses on no less than a quarterly basis
in order to identify those inherent losses and to assess the overall collection probability for the loan portfolio. For each primary
type of loan, we establish a loss factor reflecting an estimate of the known and inherent losses in such loan type using both a
quantitative analysis as well as consideration of qualitative factors. Management s evaluation process includes, among other
things, an analysis of delinquency trends, non-performing loan trends, the level of charge-offs and recoveries, prior loss experience,
total loans outstanding, the volume of loan originations, the type, size and geographic concentration of our loans, the value of
collateral securing the loan, the borrower s ability to repay and repayment performance, the number of loans requiring heightened
management oversight, local economic conditions and industry experience. 

The carrying value of loans is periodically
evaluated and the allowance is adjusted accordingly. The establishment of the allowance for loan losses is significantly affected
by management judgment and uncertainties and there is a likelihood that different amounts would be reported under different conditions
or assumptions. Various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the allowance
for loan losses. Such agencies may require us to make additional provisions for estimated loan losses based upon judgments that
differ from those of management. As of September 30, 2016, our allowance for loan losses of $3.3 million was 0.9% of total loans
receivable and 20.6% of non-performing loans. 

Charge-offs on loans totaled $11,000 and
$384,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The charge-offs during fiscal 2016 and 2015 were primarily
the result of the decline in the collateral value on certain collateral dependent loans which are classified as substandard. Management
took a prudent approach in writing down all substandard loans to the net realizable value of the applicable underlying collateral. 

Management will continue to monitor and
modify the allowance for loan losses as conditions dictate. No assurances can be given that the level of allowance for loan losses
will cover all of the inherent losses on our loans or that future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses will not be necessary
if economic and other conditions differ substantially from the economic and other conditions used by management to determine the
current level of the allowance for loan losses. 

The following table shows changes in the
allowance for loan losses during the periods presented. 

* Not meaningful. 

The following table shows how the allowance
for loan losses is allocated by type of loan at each of the dates indicated. 

The aggregate allowance for loan losses
increased by $339,000 from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, due to a provision of $225,000 and a net recovery of $114,000
recorded during the period. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a provision in the amount of $225,000 primarily
due to the increase in the level of commercial real estate loans. Fluctuations in the allowance may occur based on management s
consideration of the known and inherent losses in the loan portfolio that are reasonably estimable as well as current qualitative
and quantitative risk factors at the time of the analysis. 

Investment Activities  

General . We invest in securities
in accordance with policies approved by our board of directors. The investment policy designates the President, Chief Financial
Officer and Controller as the Investment Committee, which is authorized by the board to make the Bank s investments consistent
with the investment policy. The Board of Directors of the Bank reviews all investment activity on a monthly basis. 

The investment policy is designed primarily
to manage the interest rate sensitivity of the assets and liabilities, to generate a favorable return without incurring undue interest
rate and credit risk, to complement the lending activities and to provide and maintain liquidity. The current investment policy
generally permits investments in debt securities issued by the U.S. government and U.S. agencies, municipal bonds, and corporate
debt obligations, as well as investments in preferred and common stock of government agencies and government sponsored enterprises
such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (federal agency securities) and, to a lesser extent,
other equity securities. Securities in these categories are classified as  investment securities  for financial reporting
purposes. The policy also permits investments in mortgage-backed securities, including pass-through securities issued and guaranteed
by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae as well as collateralized mortgage obligations ( CMOs ) issued or backed
by securities issued by these government sponsored agencies. 

Ginnie Mae is a government agency within
the Department of Housing and Urban Development which is intended to help finance government-assisted housing programs. Ginnie
Mae securities are backed by loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration, or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
The timely payment of principal and interest on Ginnie Mae securities is guaranteed by Ginnie Mae and backed by the full faith
and credit of the U.S. Government. Freddie Mac is a private corporation chartered by the U.S. Government. Freddie Mac issues participation
certificates backed principally by conventional mortgage loans. Freddie Mac guarantees the timely payment of interest and the ultimate
return of principal on participation certificates. Fannie Mae is a private corporation chartered by the U.S. Congress with a mandate
to establish a secondary market for mortgage loans. Fannie Mae guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on Fannie
Mae securities. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. 

Investments in mortgage-backed securities
involve the risk that actual prepayments will be greater than estimated prepayments over the life of the security, which may require
adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating to such instruments thereby changing the net
yield on such securities. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or in the event such
securities are redeemed by the issuer. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected by changes in
interest rates. Further, privately issued mortgage-backed securities and CMOs also have a higher risk of default due to adverse
changes in the creditworthiness of the issuer. Management s practice is generally to not invest in such securities. See further
discussion in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 herein. 

The Company has portfolio corporate debt
securities with an investment grade rating from one of the three largest rating agencies, Standard and Poors, Moody s and
Fitch. In purchasing these types of securities, the Company looks for known publically trading entities along with utilizing the
credit department to underwrite each issuing entity as if it were a direct commercial loan. The mortgage-backed securities consist
both of mortgage pass-through and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. At September
30, 2014, the Company had sold the remaining portfolio of non-agency securities. 

At September 30, 2016, the investment and
mortgage-backed securities portfolio amounted to $178.7 million or 31.9% of total assets at such date. The largest component of
the securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016 consisted of mortgage-backed securities which amounted to $98.0 million or 54.9%
of the securities portfolio at September 30, 2016. In addition, we invest in U.S Government and agency obligations and to a significantly
lesser degree, other securities. 

The securities are classified at the time
of acquisition as available for sale, held to maturity or trading. Securities classified as held to maturity must be purchased
with the intent and ability to hold that security until its final maturity, and can be sold prior to maturity only under rare circumstances.
Held to maturity securities are accounted for based upon the amortized cost of the security. Available for sale securities can
be sold at any time based upon needs or market conditions. Available for sale securities are accounted for at fair value, with
unrealized gains and losses on these securities, net of income tax provisions, reflected as accumulated other comprehensive income.
At September 30, 2016, we had $40.0 million of investment and mortgage-backed securities classified as held to maturity, $138.7
million of investment and mortgage-backed securities classified as available for sale and no securities classified as trading securities. 

The following
table sets forth certain information relating to the investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolios at the dates indicated . 

The following tables set forth the amortized
cost of investment and mortgage-backed securities which mature during each of the periods indicated and the weighted average yields
for each range of maturities at September 30, 2016. The Company did not hold any tax-exempt bonds as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table sets forth the purchases
and principal repayments of our mortgage-backed securities at amortized cost during the periods indicated. 

(1)  Impairment primarily relates to non-agency mortgage-backed securities received in the redemption in kind of an investment in
a mutual fund. The Company sold the remaining mortgage-backed securities received in the redemption in kind as of September 30,
2014.   

Sources of Funds  

General.  Deposits, loan repayments
and prepayments, proceeds from sales of loans, cash flows generated from operations and FHLB advances are the primary sources of
funds for use in lending, investing and for other general purposes. 

Deposits . We offer a variety of deposit
accounts with a range of interest rates and terms. Deposits consist of checking, both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing,
money market, savings and certificate of deposit accounts. At September 30, 2016, 42.5% of the funds deposited with Prudential
Savings were in core deposits, which are deposits other than certificates of deposit. 

The flow of deposits is influenced significantly
by general economic conditions, changes in money market rates, prevailing interest rates and competition. Deposits are obtained
predominantly from the areas where the branch offices are located. We have historically relied primarily on customer service and
long-standing relationships with customers to attract and retain these deposits; however, market interest rates and rates offered
by competing financial institutions significantly affect the Company s ability to attract and retain deposits. The interest
rates offered on deposits are competitive in the market place. 

The Bank uses traditional means of advertising
its deposit products, including broadcast and print media and generally does not solicit deposits from outside its market area. 

At September 30, 2016, jumbo CDs (certificate
of deposit of $100,000 or more) amounted to $88.6 million, of which $86.9 million are scheduled to mature within twelve months
subsequent to such date. At September 30, 2016, the weighted average remaining period until maturity of the certificate of deposit
accounts was 14.1 months. During fiscal 2016, jumbo CDs from government agencies and other financial institutions were utilized
to fund growth. 

The following table
shows the distribution of, and certain other information relating to, deposits by type of deposit, as of the dates indicated. 

The
following table shows the average balance of each type of deposit and the average rate paid on each type of deposit for the periods
indicated.  

The following table shows the deposit cash
flows during the periods indicated. 

The following table presents, by various
interest rate categories and maturities, the amount of certificates of deposit at September 30, 2016. 

The following tables show the maturities
of our certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more at September 30, 2016, by time remaining to maturity. 

Borrowings.  From time to time we
utilize advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh as an alternative to retail deposits to fund the operations as
part of the operating and liquidity strategy. See   Liquidity and Capital Resources   in Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. These FHLB advances are collateralized primarily by certain
mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities and secondarily by an investment in capital stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank
of Pittsburgh. There are no specific credit covenants associated with these borrowings. FHLB advances are made pursuant to several
different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. The maximum amount that the Federal
Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh will advance to member institutions, including the Bank, fluctuates from time to time in accordance
with the policies of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $35.6 million in outstanding
advances with the FHLB, and in addition had the ability to obtain additional advances in the amount of $180.2 million.
The Bank utilized the FHLB advances to fund an investment leverage strategy along with funding growth in the loan and investment
portfolios. 

The following table shows certain information
regarding borrowings at or for the dates indicated: 

The Company  had
two FHLB interest-free advances made under a community housing program in which matured during fiscal 2015.   

Subsidiaries  

The Company has only one direct subsidiary:
Prudential Savings Bank. The Bank s sole subsidiary as of September 30, 2016 was PSB Delaware, Inc. ( PSB ),
a Delaware-chartered corporation established to hold investment securities. As of September 30, 2016, PSB had assets of $119.3
million primarily consisting of mortgage-backed and investment securities. We may consider the establishment of one or more additional
subsidiaries in the future. 

Employees  

At September 30, 2016, we had 59 full-time
employees, and four part-time employees. None of such employees are represented by a collective bargaining group, and we believe
that the Company s relationship with its employees is good.  

REGULATION  

  General  

Prudential Savings Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered
savings bank and is subject to extensive regulation and examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the
 Department ) and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ), and is also subject to certain
requirements established by the Federal Reserve Board. The federal and state laws and regulations which are applicable to banks
regulate, among other things, the scope of their business, their investments, their reserves against deposits, the payment of dividends,
the timing of the availability of deposited funds and the nature and amount of and collateral for certain loans. There are periodic
examinations by the Department and the FDIC to test the Bank s compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulation
and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily
for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive
discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect
to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such
regulation, whether by the Department, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or the Congress could have a material adverse impact
on Prudential Bancorp and the Bank and their respective operations. 

Federal law provides the federal banking
regulators, including the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board, with substantial enforcement powers. This enforcement authority includes,
among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders, and to initiate injunctive
actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties, as defined. In general, these enforcement actions may
be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the
basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. 

Prudential Bancorp is a registered as bank
holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act and is subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board and
by the Department. Prudential Bancorp files annually a report of its operations with, and is subject to examination by, the Federal
Reserve Board and the Department. This regulation and oversight is generally intended to ensure that Prudential Bancorp limits
its activities to those allowed by law and that it operates in a safe and sound manner without endangering the financial health
of the Bank. 

In connection with the reorganization completed
in October 2013, Prudential Bancorp registered its common stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Prudential Bancorp is subject to the proxy and tender offer rules, insider trading reporting
requirements and restrictions, and certain other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Prudential Bancorp s
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol  PBIP.  The Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements
impose additional requirements on us, including, among other things, rules relating to corporate governance and the composition
and independence of our board of directors and various committees of the board, such as the audit committee. 

Certain of the regulatory requirements that
are applicable to the Bank and Prudential Bancorp are described below. This description of statutes and regulations is not intended
to be a complete explanation of such statutes and regulations and their effects on the Bank and Prudential Bancorp and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the actual statutes and regulations. 

2010 Regulatory Reform  

On July 21, 2010, the President signed into
law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd-Frank Act ). The Dodd-Frank Act imposes new
restrictions and an expanded framework of regulatory oversight for financial institutions, including depository institutions. The
law also established an independent federal consumer protection bureau within the Federal Reserve Board. The following discussion
summarizes significant aspects of the new law that may affect the Bank and Prudential Bancorp. Not all of the regulations implementing
these changes have been promulgated, so we cannot determine the full impact on our business and operations at this time. 

The following aspects of the financial reform
and consumer protection act are related to the operations of the Bank: 

A new independent consumer financial protection bureau
was established, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) within the Federal Reserve Board, empowered to
exercise broad regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority with respect to both new and existing consumer financial protection
laws. Smaller financial institutions, like the Bank, are subject to the supervision and enforcement of their primary federal banking
regulator with respect to the federal consumer financial protection laws. 

Tier 1 capital treatment for  hybrid  capital
items like trust preferred securities eliminated subject to various grandfathering and transition rules. 

The prohibition on payment of interest on demand deposits
was repealed. 

The deposit insurance assessment base calculation now
equals the depository institution s total assets minus the sum of its average tangible equity during the assessment period. 

The minimum reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund
increased to 1.35 percent of estimated annual insured deposits or assessment base; however, the FDIC is directed to  offset
the effect  of the increased reserve ratio for insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of less than
$10 billion. 

The following aspects of the financial reform
and consumer protection act are related to the operations of Prudential Bancorp: 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act was amended to direct
federal regulators to require depository institution holding companies to serve as a source of strength for their depository institution
subsidiaries. 

The SEC is authorized to adopt rules requiring public
companies to make their proxy materials available to shareholders for nomination of their own candidates for election to the board
of directors. 

Public companies are now required to provide their shareholders
with a non-binding vote: (i) at least once every three years on the compensation paid to executive officers, and (ii) at least
once every six years on whether they should have a  say on pay  vote every one, two or three years. 

A separate, non-binding shareholder vote is now required
regarding golden parachutes for named executive officers when a shareholder vote takes place on mergers, acquisitions, dispositions
or other transactions that would trigger the parachute payments. 

Securities exchanges are now required to prohibit brokers
from using their own discretion to vote shares not beneficially owned by them for certain  significant  matters, which
include votes on the election of directors and executive compensation matters. 

Stock exchanges are prohibited from listing the securities
of any issuer that does not have a policy providing for (i) disclosure of its policy on incentive compensation payable on the
basis of financial information reportable under the securities laws, and (ii) the recovery from current or former executive officers,
following an accounting restatement triggered by material noncompliance with securities law reporting requirements, of any incentive
compensation paid erroneously during the three-year period preceding the date on which the restatement was required that exceeds
the amount that would have been paid on the basis of the restated financial information. 

Disclosure in annual proxy materials will be required
concerning the relationship between the executive compensation paid and the financial performance of the issuer. 

Item 402 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC will
be amended to require companies to disclose the ratio of the Chief Executive Officer s annual total compensation to the
median annual total compensation of all other employees, commencing with fiscal years starting after January 1, 2017. 

Regulation of Prudential Savings Bank  

Pennsylvania Banking Law.  The Pennsylvania
Banking Code of 1965 (the  Banking Code ) contains detailed provisions governing the organization, location of offices,
rights and responsibilities of directors, officers, employees and members, as well as corporate powers, savings and investment
operations and other aspects of the Bank and its affairs. The Banking Code delegates extensive rulemaking power and administrative
discretion to the Department so that the supervision and regulation of state-chartered savings banks may be flexible and readily
responsive to changes in economic conditions and in savings and lending practices. 

One of the purposes of the Banking Code
is to provide savings banks with the opportunity to be competitive with each other and with other financial institutions existing
under other Pennsylvania laws and other state, federal and foreign laws. A Pennsylvania savings bank may locate or change the location
of its principal place of business and establish an office anywhere in Pennsylvania, with the prior approval of the Department. 

The Department generally examines each savings
bank not less frequently than once every two years. Although the Department may accept the examinations and reports of the FDIC
in lieu of its own examination, the present practice is for the Department to alternate conducting examinations with the FDIC.
The Department may order any savings bank to discontinue any violation of law or unsafe or unsound business practice and may direct
any director, trustee, officer, attorney or employee of a savings bank engaged in an objectionable activity, after the Department
has ordered the activity to be terminated, to show cause at a hearing before the Department why such person should not be removed. 

Insurance of Accounts . The deposits
of the Bank are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the Deposit Insurance Fund and are backed by the full faith and credit
of the U.S. Government. The Dodd-Frank Act increased deposit insurance on most accounts to $250,000. As insurer, the FDIC is authorized
to conduct examinations of, and to require reporting by, insured institutions. It also may prohibit any insured institution from
engaging in any activity determined by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the FDIC. The FDIC also has the authority
to initiate enforcement actions against savings institutions. 

The Dodd Frank Act raises the minimum reserve
ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund from 1.15% to 1.35% and requires the FDIC to offset the effect of this increase on insured
institutions with assets of less than $10 billion (small institutions). In March 2016, the FDIC adopted a rule to accomplish this
by imposing a surcharge on larger institutions commencing when the reserve ratio reaches 1.15% and ending when it reaches 1.35%.
The reserve ratio reached 1.15% effective as of June 30, 2016. This surcharge period begin effective July 1, 2016 and is
expected to end by December 31, 2018. Small institutions will receive credits for the portion of their regular assessments that
contributed to growth in the reserve ratio between 1.15% and 1.35%. The credits will apply to reduce regular assessments by 2.0
basis points for quarters when the reserve ratio is at least 1.38%. 

Effective July 1, 2016 the FDIC adopted
changes that eliminated its risk-based premium system. The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on the assessment base of a
depository institution, which is its average total assets reduced by the amount of its average tangible equity. For a small institution
(one with assets of less than $10 billion) that has been federally insured for at least five years, effective July 1, 2016, the
initial base assessment rate ranges from 3 to 30 basis points, based on the institution s CAMELS composite and component
ratings and certain financial ratios: its leverage ratio; its ratio of net income before taxes to total assets; its ratio of nonperforming
loans and leases to gross assets; its ratio of other real estate owned to gross assets; its brokered deposits ratio (excluding
reciprocal deposits if the institution is well capitalized and has a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2); its one year asset growth
ratio (which penalizes growth adjusted for mergers in excess of 10%); and its loan mix index (which penalizes higher risk loans
based on historical industry charge off rates).  The initial base assessment rate is subject to downward adjustment (not below
1.5%) based on the ratio of unsecured debt the institution has issued to its assessment base, and to upward adjustment (which can
cause the rate to exceed 30 basis points) based on its holdings of unsecured debt issued by other insured institutions. Institutions
with assets of $10 billion or more are assessed using a scorecard method. In addition, all institutions with deposits insured by
the FDIC are required to pay assessments to fund interest payments on bonds issued by the Financing Corporation, a mixed-ownership
government corporation established to recapitalize a predecessor to the Deposit Insurance Fund. These assessments will continue
until the Financing Corporation bonds mature in 2019. 

The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance
of any insured depository institution, including the Bank, if it determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged or
is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable
law, regulation, order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily
during the hearing process for the permanent termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible capital. If insurance
of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the institution at the time of the termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall continue
to be insured for a period of six months to two years, as determined by the FDIC. Management is not aware of any existing circumstances
which could result in termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 

Recent Regulatory Capital Regulations .
In July of 2013 the respective U.S. federal banking agencies issued final rules implementing Basel III and the Dodd-Frank Act capital
requirements to be fully-phased in on a global basis on January 1, 2019. The new regulations establish a new tangible common equity
capital requirement, increase the minimum requirement for the current Tier 1 risk-weighted asset ( RWA ) ratio, phase
out certain kinds of intangibles treated as capital and certain types of instruments and change the risk weightings of certain
assets used to determine required capital ratios. The new common equity Tier 1 capital component requires capital of the highest
quality   predominantly composed of retained earnings and common stock instruments. For community banks, such as the Bank,
a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5% became effective on January 1, 2015. The new capital rules also increased the current
minimum Tier 1 capital ratio from 4.0% to 6.0% beginning on January 1, 2015. In addition, in order to make capital distributions
and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction, an institution must also maintain greater than 2.5% in
common equity attributable to a capital conservation buffer to be phased in from January 1, 2016 until January 1, 2019. The new
rules also increase the risk weights for several categories of assets, including an increase from 100% to 150% for certain acquisition,
development and construction loans and more than 90-day past due exposures. The new capital rules maintain the general structure
of the prompt corrective action rules (described below), but incorporate the new common equity Tier 1 capital requirement and the
increased Tier 1 RWA requirement into the prompt corrective action framework. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
Federally insured state-chartered non-member banks and savings banks are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital.
Current FDIC capital standards require these institutions to satisfy a common equity Tier 1 capital requirement, a leverage capital
requirement and a risk-based capital requirement. The common equity Tier 1 capital component generally consists of retained earnings
and common stock instruments and must equal at least 4.5% of risk-weighted assets. Leverage capital, also known as  core 
capital, must equal at least 3.0% of adjusted total assets for the most highly rated state-chartered non-member banks and savings
banks. Core capital generally consists of common stockholders  equity (including retained earnings). An additional cushion
of at least 100 basis points is required for all other savings associations, which effectively increases their minimum Tier 1 leverage
ratio to 4.0% or more. Under the FDIC s regulations, the most highly-rated banks are those that the FDIC determines are strong
banking organization and are rated composite 1 under the Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System. Under the risk-based capital
requirement,  total  capital (a combination of core and  supplementary  capital) must equal at least 8.0%
of  risk-weighted  assets. The FDIC also is authorized to impose capital requirements in excess of these standards
on individual institutions on a case-by-case basis. 

In determining compliance with the risk-based
capital requirement, a savings bank is allowed to include both core capital and supplementary capital in its total capital, provided
that the amount of supplementary capital included does not exceed the savings bank s core capital. Supplementary capital
generally consists of general allowances for loan losses up to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets, together with certain
other items. In determining the required amount of risk-based capital, total assets, including certain off-balance sheet items,
are multiplied by a risk weight based on the risks inherent in the type of assets. The risk weights range from 0% for cash and
securities issued by the U.S. Government or unconditionally backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government to 100%
for loans (other than qualifying residential loans weighted at 80%) and repossessed assets. 

Savings banks must value securities available
for sale at amortized cost for regulatory capital purposes. This means that in computing regulatory capital, savings banks should
add back any unrealized losses and deduct any unrealized gains, net of income taxes, on debt securities reported as a separate
component of capital, as defined by generally accepted accounting principles. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank exceeded
all of its regulatory capital requirements, with Tier 1, Tier 1 common equity, Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) and total risk-based
capital ratios of 20.41%, 38.57%, 38.57% and 39.70%, respectively. 

Any savings bank that fails any of the capital
requirements is subject to possible enforcement action by the FDIC. Such action could include a capital directive, a cease and
desist order, civil money penalties, the establishment of restrictions on the institution s operations, termination of federal
deposit insurance and the appointment of a conservator or receiver. The FDIC s capital regulations provide that such actions,
through enforcement proceedings or otherwise, could require one or more of a variety of corrective actions. 

Department Capital Requirements .
The Bank is also subject to more stringent Department capital guidelines. Although not adopted in regulation form, the Department
utilizes capital standards requiring a minimum of 6% leverage capital and 10% risk-based capital. The components of leverage and
risk-based capital are substantially the same as those defined by the FDIC. At September 30, 2016, Prudential Savings s capital
ratios exceeded each of its capital requirements. 

Prompt Corrective Acti on. The following
table shows the amount of capital associated with the different capital categories set forth in the prompt corrective action regulations. 

Total   
       Tier 1   
       Tier 1   
       Tier 1    
 
       Capital Category   
       Risk-Based   
  Capital   
       Risk-Based   
  Capital   
       Common Equity   
  Capital   
       Leverage   
  Capital    
 
      Well capitalized  
      10% or more  
      8% or more  
      6.5% or more  
      5% or more   
 
      Adequately capitalized  
      8% or more  
      6% or more  
      4.5% or more  
      4% or more   
 
      Undercapitalized  
      Less than 8%  
      Less than 6%  
      Less than 4.5%  
      Less than 4%   
 
      Significantly undercapitalized  
      Less than 6%  
      Less than 4%  
      Less than 3%  
      Less than 3%   

In addition, an institution is  critically
undercapitalized  if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%. Under specified
circumstances, a federal banking agency may reclassify a  well capitalized  institution as adequately capitalized and
may require an adequately capitalized institution or an undercapitalized institution to comply with supervisory actions as if it
were in the next lower category (except that the FDIC may not reclassify a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically
undercapitalized). 

An institution generally must file a written
capital restoration plan which meets specified requirements within 45 days of the date that the institution receives notice or
is deemed to have notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. A federal
banking agency must provide the institution with written notice of approval or disapproval within 60 days after receiving a capital
restoration plan, subject to extensions by the agency. An institution which is required to submit a capital restoration plan must
concurrently submit a performance guaranty by each company that controls the institution. In addition, undercapitalized institutions
are subject to various regulatory restrictions, and the appropriate federal banking agency also may take any number of discretionary
supervisory actions. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank was deemed
to be a  well capitalized  institution for purposes of the prompt corrective action regulations and as such is not
subject to the above mentioned restrictions. 

The table below sets forth the Company and
the Bank s capital position relative to its respective regulatory capital requirements at September 30, 2016. 

(1)  The Company is not subject to the regulatory capital ratios imposed by Basel III on bank holding companies because the Company
was deemed to be a small bank holding company as of September 30, 2016.   

Activities and Investments of Insured
State-Chartered Banks and Savings Banks.   The activities and equity investments of FDIC-insured, state-chartered banks and
savings banks are generally limited to those that are permissible for national banks. Under regulations dealing with equity investments,
an insured state bank or savings bank generally may not directly or indirectly acquire or retain any equity investment of a type,
or in an amount, that is not permissible for a national bank. An insured state bank is not prohibited from, among other things: 

acquiring or retaining a majority interest in a subsidiary; 

investing as a limited partner in a partnership the sole
purpose of which is direct or indirect investment in the acquisition, rehabilitation or new construction of a qualified housing
project, provided that such limited partnership investments may not exceed 2% of the bank s total assets; 

acquiring up to 10% of the voting stock of a company
that solely provides or reinsures directors , trustees  and officers  liability insurance coverage or bankers 
blanket bond group insurance coverage for insured depository institutions; and 

acquiring or retaining the voting shares of a depository
institution if certain requirements are met. 

The FDIC has adopted regulations pertaining
to the other activity restrictions imposed upon insured state-chartered banks and savings banks and their subsidiaries. Pursuant
to such regulations, insured state banks and savings banks engaging in impermissible activities may seek approval from the FDIC
to continue such activities. State banks and savings banks not engaging in such activities but that desire to engage in otherwise
impermissible activities either directly or through a subsidiary may apply for approval from the FDIC to do so; however, if such
bank fails to meet the minimum capital requirements or the activities present a significant risk to the FDIC insurance funds, such
application will not be approved by the FDIC. Pursuant to this authority, the FDIC has determined that investments in certain majority-owned
subsidiaries of insured state-chartered banks and savings banks do not represent a significant risk to the deposit insurance funds.
Investments permitted under that authority include real estate activities and securities activities. 

Restrictions on Capital Distributions .
Under federal rules, an insured depository institution may not pay any dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized
or if it is already undercapitalized. In addition, federal regulators have the authority to restrict or prohibit the payment of
dividends for safety and soundness reasons. The FDIC also prohibits an insured depository institution from paying dividends on
its capital stock or interest on its capital notes or debentures (if such interest is required to be paid only out of net profits)
or distributing any of its capital assets while it remains in default in the payment of any assessment due the FDIC. The Bank is
currently not in default in any assessment payment to the FDIC. Pennsylvania law also restricts the payment and amount of dividends,
including the requirement that dividends be paid only out of accumulated net earnings. 

Incentive Compensation . Guidelines
adopted by the federal banking agencies pursuant to the FDIA prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice
and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by
an executive officer, employee, director or principal stockholder. 

In January 2010, the FDIC announced that
it would seek public comment on whether banks with compensation plans that encourage risky behavior should be charged higher deposit
assessment rates than such banks would otherwise be charged. The comment period ended in February 2010. As of September 30, 2016,
a final rule has not been adopted. 

In June 2010, the federal banking agencies
issued comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation policies (the  Incentive Compensation Guidance ) intended to
ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations
by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Incentive Compensation Guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to
materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles
that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking
beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls
and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s
board of directors. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the organization s
supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The Incentive Compensation Guidance
provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related
risk-management control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization
is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 

In April 2011, the federal banking agencies
and the SEC jointly published proposed rulemaking designed to implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act prohibiting incentive
compensation arrangements that would encourage inappropriate risk taking. Those proposed regulations apply only to a financial
institution or its holding company with $1 billion or more of assets. In June 2016, the federal banking agencies and the SEC published
a new proposed rule to implement these provsions. 

The scope and content of the U.S. banking
regulators  policies on incentive compensation are continuing to develop. It cannot be determined at this time whether a
final rule will be adopted and whether compliance with such a final rule will adversely affect the ability of Prudential Bancorp
and the Bank to hire, retain and motivate their key employees. 

Privacy Requirements.  Federal law
places limitations on financial institutions like the Bank regarding the sharing of consumer financial information with unaffiliated
third parties. Specifically, these provisions require all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail
customers to provide such customers with the financial institution s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity
to  opt out  of the sharing of personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. The Bank currently has
a privacy protection policy in place and believes such policy is in compliance with applicable regulations. 

Anti-Money Laundering . Federal anti-money
laundering rules impose various requirements on financial institutions to prevent the use of the U.S. financial system to fund
terrorist activities. These provisions include a requirement that financial institutions operating in the United States have anti-money
laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering.
Such compliance programs supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank
Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulations. The Bank has established policies and procedures to ensure compliance
with the federal anti-money laundering provisions. 

UDAP and UDAAP . Recently, banking
regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address  unethical  or otherwise
 bad  business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer
finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission
Act (the  FTC Act ), which is the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, referred
to as UDAP, and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce.  Unjustified consumer injury  is the principal
focus of the FTC Act. Prior to the Dodd- Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance
with UDAP laws and regulations. However, UDAP laws and regulations have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to  unfair,
deceptive or abusive acts or practices,  referred to as UDAAP, which have been delegated to the CFPB for supervision. The
CFPB has published its first Supervision and Examination Manual that addresses compliance with and the examination of UDAAP. The
potential reach of the CFPB s broad new rulemaking powers and UDAAP authority on the operations of financial institutions
offering consumer financial products or services, including the Bank is currently unknown. 

Community Reinvestment Act.  All insured
depository institutions have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related regulations to help meet the credit
needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. An institution s failure to comply with the
provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could result in restrictions on its activities. The Bank received a  satisfactory 
Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most recently completed examination. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System . The
Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, which is one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. Each Federal
Home Loan Bank serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from proceeds
from the sale of consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. It makes loans to members (i.e., advances) in accordance
with policies and procedures established by the board of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank. 

As a member, the Bank is required to purchase
and maintain stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh in an amount in accordance with the Federal Home Loan Bank s
capital plan and sufficient to ensure that the Federal Home Loan Bank remains in compliance with its minimum capital requirements.
At September 30, 2016, the Bank was in compliance with this requirement. 

Federal Reserve Board System . The
Federal Reserve Board requires all depository institutions to maintain non-interest bearing reserves at specified levels against
their transaction accounts, which are primarily checking and NOW accounts, and non-personal time deposits. The balances maintained
to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve Board may be used to satisfy the liquidity requirements that are
imposed by the Department. At September 30, 2016, the Bank was in compliance with these reserve requirements. 

Regulation of Prudential Bancorp   

Bank Holding Company Act Activities and
Other Limitations.  Under the Bank Holding Company Act, Prudential Bancorp must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve
Board before it may acquire control of another bank or bank holding company, merge or consolidate with another bank holding company,
acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or acquire direct or indirect ownership
or control of any voting shares of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, Prudential Bancorp would directly
or indirectly own or control more than 5% of such shares. 

Federal statutes impose restrictions on
the ability of a bank holding company and its nonbank subsidiaries to obtain extensions of credit from its subsidiary bank, on
the subsidiary bank s investments in the stock or securities of the holding company, and on the subsidiary bank s taking
of the holding company s stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. A bank holding company and its subsidiaries
are also prevented from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property,
or furnishing of services by the subsidiary bank. 

A bank holding company is required to serve
as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound
manner. In addition, it has been the policy of the Federal Reserve Board that a bank holding company should stand ready to use
available resources to provide adequate capital to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and should
maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks.
A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally
be considered by the Federal Reserve Board to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve Board
regulations, or both. The Dodd-Frank Act included a provision that directs federal regulators to require depository institution
holding companies to serve as a source of strength for their depository institution subsidiaries. To date, no regulations have
been promulgated to implement that provision. 

Non-Banking Activities.  The business
activities of Prudential Bancorp, as a bank holding company, are restricted by the Bank Holding Company Act. Under the Bank Holding
Company Act and the Federal Reserve Board s bank holding company regulations, bank holding companies may only engage in,
or acquire or control voting securities or assets of a company engaged in: 

banking or managing or controlling banks and other subsidiaries
authorized under the Bank Holding Company Act; and 

any Bank Holding Company Act activity the Federal Reserve
Board has determined to be so closely related that it is incidental to banking or managing or controlling banks. 

The Federal Reserve Board has determined
by regulation that certain activities are closely related to banking including operating a mortgage company, finance company, credit
card company, factoring company, trust company or savings association; performing certain data processing operations; providing
limited securities brokerage services; acting as an investment or financial advisor; acting as an insurance agent for certain types
of credit-related insurance; leasing personal property on a full-payout, non-operating basis; providing tax planning and preparation
services; operating a collection agency; and providing certain courier services. Moreover, as discussed below, certain other activities
are permissible for a bank holding company that becomes a financial holding company. 

Financial Holding Companies.  Bank
holding companies may also engage in a broad range of activities under a type of financial services company known as a  financial
holding company.  A financial holding company essentially is a bank holding company with significantly expanded powers. Financial
holding companies are authorized by statute to engage in a number of financial activities previously impermissible for bank holding
companies, including securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance
underwriting and agency; and merchant banking activities. The Federal Reserve Board and the Department of the Treasury are also
authorized to permit additional activities for financial holding companies if the activities are  financial in nature 
or  incidental  to financial activities. A bank holding company may become a financial holding company if each of its
subsidiary banks is well capitalized, well managed, and has at least a  satisfactory  Community Reinvestment Act rating.
A financial holding company must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board within 30 days after commencing activities previously
determined by statute or by the Federal Reserve Board and Department of the Treasury to be permissible. Prudential Bancorp has
not submitted notices to the Federal Reserve Board of its intent to be deemed a financial holding company. However, it is not precluded
from submitting a notice in the future should it wish to engage in activities only permitted to financial holding companies. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements .
The Federal Reserve Board has adopted capital adequacy guidelines pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining
and supervising a bank holding company and in analyzing applications to it under the Bank Holding Company Act. The Federal Reserve
Board s capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding company, on a consolidated basis, are similar to those imposed on the
Bank by the FDIC. See  -Regulation of Prudential Savings Bank - Capital Requirements.  Moreover, certain of the bank
holding company capital requirements promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board in 2013 became effective as of January 1, 2015. Those
requirements establish four minimum capital ratios that Prudential Bancorp had to comply with as of that date as set forth in the
table below. However, in May 2015, amendments to the Federal Reserve Board s small bank holding company policy statement
(the  SBHC Policy ) became effective which increased the asset threshold to qualify to utilize the provisions of the
SBHC Policy from $500 million to $1.0 billion. Bank holding companies which are subject to the SBHC Policy are not subject to compliance
with the regulatory capital requirements set forth in the table below until they exceed $1.0 billion in assets. As a consequence,
as of June 30, 2015, Prudential Bancorp was not required to comply with the requirements set forth below until such time that its
consolidated total assets exceed $1.0 billion or the Federal Reserve Board determines that Prudential Bancorp is no longer deemed
to be a small bank holding company. However, if Prudential Bancorp had been subject to the requirements, it would have been in
compliance with such requirements. 

Capital
Ratio   
       
       Regulatory
Minimum    
 
      Common Equity Tier 1 Capital  
       
      4.5%   
 
      Tier 1 Leverage Capital  
       
      4.0%   
 
      Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital  
       
      6.0%   
 
      Total Risk-Based Capital  
       
      8.0%   

The leverage capital
requirement is calculated as a percentage of total assets and the other three capital requirements are calculated as a percentage
of risk-weighted assets. For a more detailed discussion of the 2013 capital rules, see  Recent Regulatory Capital Regulations 
under  Regulation of Prudential Savings Bank  above. 

Restrictions on
Dividends and Repurchases . Prudential Bancorp s ability to declare and pay dividends may depend in part on dividends
received from the Bank. The Banking Code regulates the distribution of dividends by savings banks and states, in part, that dividends
may be declared and paid out of accumulated net earnings, provided that the bank continues to meet its surplus requirements. In
addition, dividends may not be declared or paid if the Bank is in default in payment of any assessment due the FDIC. 

A Federal Reserve Board
policy statement on the payment of cash dividends states that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent
that the holding company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings
retention that is consistent with the holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The
Federal Reserve Board s policy statement also provides that it would be inappropriate for a company experiencing serious
financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, under the federal prompt corrective action regulations, the Federal
Reserve Board may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified
as  undercapitalized.  See  -Regulation of Prudential Savings Bank - Prompt Corrective Action  above. 

Section 225.4(b)(1)
of Regulation Y promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board requires that a bank holding company that is not well capitalized or well
managed, or that is subject to any unresolved supervisory issues, provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve Board for any repurchase
or redemption of its equity securities for cash or other value that would reduce by 10 percent or more the bank holding company s
consolidated net worth aggregated over the preceding 12-month period. The Federal Reserve Bank may disapprove such a purchase or
redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation,
Federal Reserve Board order or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. 

Federal Securities
Laws . Prudential Bancorp s common stock is registered with the SEC under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Prudential Bancorp is subject to the proxy and tender offer rules, insider trading reporting requirements and restrictions,
and certain other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act . As a public company, Prudential Bancorp is subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which addresses, among other issues,
corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information.
As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer are required to certify
that our quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules adopted by the SEC under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have several requirements, including having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing,
maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; they have made certain
disclosures to our auditors and the audit committee of the Board of Directors about our internal control over financial reporting;
and they have included information in our quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and whether there have been changes
in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could materially affect internal control over financial
reporting. 

Volcker Rule Regulations .
Regulations adopted by the federal banking agencies to implement the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act commonly referred to as the
Volcker Rule became effective on April 1, 2014 with full compliance being phased in over a period ending on July 21, 2015. The
regulations contain prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of financial institutions holding companies and their affiliates
to engage in proprietary trading and to hold certain interests in, or to have certain relationships with, various types of investment
funds, including hedge funds and private equity funds. Prudential Bancorp is in compliance with the various provisions of the Volcker
Rule regulations. 

Limitations on Transactions
with Affiliates . Transactions between insured financial institutions and any affiliate are governed by Sections 23A and 23B
of the Federal Reserve Act. An affiliate of an insured financial institution is any company or entity which controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with the insured financial institution. In a bank holding company context, the bank holding company
of an insured financial institution (such as Prudential Bancorp) and any companies which are controlled by such holding company
are affiliates of the insured financial institution. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent to which the insured financial institution
or its subsidiaries may engage in  covered transactions  with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10% of such institution s
capital stock and surplus, and contains an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20%
of such capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to  covered transactions  as well as certain other transactions
and requires that all transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the insured financial institution,
as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term  covered transaction  includes the making of loans to, purchase of assets
from and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate and similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the provision
of services and the sale of assets by an insured financial institution to an affiliate. 

In addition, Sections
22(g) and (h) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to executive officers, directors and principal stockholders.
Under Section 22(h), loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10% stockholder of an insured financial institution,
and certain affiliated interests of either, may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated
interests, the insured financial institution s loans to one borrower limit (generally equal to 15% of the institution s
unimpaired capital and surplus). Section 22(h) also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal stockholders
be made on terms substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons unless the loans are made pursuant
to a benefit or compensation program that (i) is widely available to employees of the institution and (ii) does not give preference
to any director, executive officer or principal stockholder, or certain affiliated interests of either, over other employees of
the insured financial institution. Section 22(h) also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate
amount of extensions of credit by an insured financial institution to all insiders cannot exceed the institution s unimpaired
capital and surplus. Furthermore, Section 22(g) places additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. At September 30,
2016, the Bank was in compliance with the above restrictions. 

TAXATION  

Federal Taxation  

General . Prudential Bancorp and the
Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations with some exceptions listed below.
The following discussion of federal, state and local income taxation is only intended to summarize certain pertinent income tax
matters and is not a comprehensive description of the applicable tax rules. As of September 30, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service
had concluded an audit of the Company s tax returns for the year ended September 30, 2010 and no adverse findings were noted.
The federal and state income tax returns for taxable years through September 30, 2013 have been closed for purposes of examination
by the Internal Revenue Service or the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue. 

Prudential Bancorp files a consolidated
federal income tax return with the Bank and its subsidiary, PSB. Accordingly, any cash distributions made by Prudential Bancorp
to its shareholders will be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of capital to shareholders for federal and
state tax purposes. 

Method of Accounting . For federal
income tax purposes, Prudential Bancorp and the Bank report income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and file their
federal income tax return on a fiscal year basis. 

Bad Debt Reserves . The Small Business
Job Protection Act of 1996 eliminated the use of the reserve method of accounting for bad debt reserves by savings associations,
effective for taxable years beginning after 1995. Prior to that time, the Bank was permitted to establish a reserve for bad debts
and to make additions to the reserve. These additions could, within specified formula limits, be deducted in arriving at taxable
income. As a result of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, savings associations must use the specific charge-off method
in computing their bad debt deduction beginning with their 1996 federal tax return. In addition, federal legislation required the
recapture over a six year period of the excess of tax bad debt reserves at December 31, 1995 over those established as of December
31, 1987. 

Taxable Distributions and Recapture .
Prior to the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, bad debt reserves created prior to January 1, 1988 were subject to recapture
into taxable income if the Bank failed to meet certain thrift asset and definitional tests. New federal legislation eliminated
these savings association related recapture rules. However, under current law, pre-1988 reserves remain subject to recapture should
the Bank make certain non-dividend distributions or cease to maintain a bank charter. 

At September 30, 2016, the total federal
pre-1988 reserve was approximately $6.6 million. The reserve reflects the cumulative effects of federal tax deductions by the Bank
for which no federal income tax provisions have been made. 

Alternative Minimum Tax . The Internal
Revenue Code imposes an alternative minimum tax at a rate of 20% on a base of regular taxable income plus certain tax preferences.
The alternative minimum tax is payable to the extent such alternative minimum tax income is in excess of the regular income tax.
Net operating losses, of which the Bank has none, can offset no more than 90% of alternative minimum taxable income. Certain payments
of alternative minimum tax may be used as credits against regular tax liabilities in future years. The Bank has not been subject
to the alternative minimum tax. 

Corporate Dividends Received Deduction .
Prudential Bancorp may exclude from its income 100% of dividends received from the Bank as a member of the same affiliated group
of corporations. The corporate dividends received deduction is 80% in the case of dividends received from corporations which a
corporate recipient owns less than 80%, but at least 20% of the distribution corporation. Corporations which own less than 20%
of the stock of a corporation distributing a dividend may deduct only 70% of dividends received. 

State and Local Taxation  

Pennsylvania Taxation . Prudential
Bancorp is subject to the Pennsylvania Corporate Net Income Tax and the Capital Stock and Franchise Tax. The Corporation Net Income
Tax rate for 2016 is 9.99% and is imposed on unconsolidated taxable income for federal purposes with certain adjustments. In general,
the Capital Stock and Franchise Tax is a property tax imposed on a corporation s capital stock value at a statutorily defined
rate, such value being determined in accordance with a fixed formula based upon average net income and net worth. 

Prudential Savings is subject to tax under
the Pennsylvania Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax Act, as amended to include thrift institutions having capital stock. Pursuant to
the Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax, the tax rate is 11.50%. The Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax exempts Prudential Savings from
other taxes imposed by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for state income tax purposes and from all local taxation imposed by political
subdivisions, except taxes on real estate and real estate transfers. The Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax is a tax upon net earnings,
determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles with certain adjustments. The Mutual Thrift Institutions
Tax, in computing income according to generally accepted accounting principles, allows for the deduction of interest earned on
state and federal obligations, while disallowing a percentage of a thrift s interest expense deduction in the proportion
of interest income on those securities to the overall interest income of Prudential Savings. Net operating losses, if any, thereafter
can be carried forward three years for Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax purposes. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

In analyzing whether to make or to continue on investment
in our securities, investors should consider, among other factors, the following risk factors.   

Our non-performing assets expose us to increased risk of
loss   

At September 30, 2016, we had total non-performing
assets of $16.5 million, or 2.94% of total assets as compared to $14.8 million or 3.04% of total assets as of September 30, 2015.
Our non-performing assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not accrue interest income on non-accrual loans
and no interest income is recognized until the loan is performing and the financial condition of the borrower supports recording
interest income on a cash basis. We must reserve for probable losses, which are established through a current period charge to
income in the provision for loan losses, and from time to time, write down the value of properties in our other real estate owned
portfolio to reflect changing market values. Additionally, there are legal fees associated with the resolution of problem assets
as well as carrying costs such as taxes, insurance and maintenance related to our other real estate owned. Further, the resolution
of non-performing assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract us from the overall supervision of operations
and other income-producing activities of Prudential Savings. Finally, if our estimate of the allowance for loan losses is inaccurate,
we will have to increase the allowance accordingly. At September 30, 2016, our allowance for loan losses amounted to $3.3 million,
or 0.9% of total loans and 20.6% of non-performing loans, compared to $2.9 million, or 0.9% of total loans and 21.0% of non-performing
loans at September 30, 2015. 

Higher loan losses could require us to increase our allowance
for loan losses through a charge to earnings  

When we loan money we incur the risk that
our borrowers will not repay their loans. We reserve for loan losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings.
The amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio. The process for determining
the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires subjective and complex judgments about
the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their
loans. We might underestimate the loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio and have loan losses in excess of the amount reserved.
We might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions. For example, in a rising interest rate environment, borrowers
with adjustable-rate loans could see their payments increase. There may be a significant increase in the number of borrowers who
are unable or unwilling to pay their loans, resulting in our charging off more loans and increasing our allowance. In addition,
when real estate values decline, the potential severity of loss on a real estate-secured loan can increase significantly, especially
in the case of loans with high combined loan-to-value ratios. The continued weakness in the national economy and the economies
of the areas in which our loans are concentrated could result in an increase in loan delinquencies, foreclosures or repossessions,
resulting in the increased charge-off amounts and the need for additional loan loss provisions in future periods. In addition,
our determination as to the amount of our allowance for loan losses is subject to review by our primary regulators, the Pennsylvania
Department of Banking and Securities and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as part of their examination process, which
may result in the establishment of an additional provision based upon the judgment of such agencies after a review of the information
available at the time of its examination. Our allowance for loan losses amounted to 0.9% of total loans and 20.6% of non-performing
loans at September 30, 2016. Our allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 may not be sufficient to cover future loan losses.
A large loss could deplete the allowance and require an increased provision to replenish the allowance, which would negatively
affect earnings. 

Our existing residential mortgage loans exposes us to lending
risks, and the geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local
economy.  

At September 30, 2016, $233.5 million, or
66.4 % of our loan portfolio, was secured by one-to-four family real estate. One-to-four family residential mortgage lending is
generally sensitive to regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their
loan payment obligations, making loss levels difficult to predict. The decline in residential real estate values as a result of
the downturn in our local housing market that occurred in recent years in many cases reduced the value of the real estate collateral
securing these types of loans. Declines in real estate values could cause some of our residential mortgages loans to be inadequately
collateralized, which would expose us to a greater risk of loss if we seek to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate
collateral. Real estate values are affected by various factors, including supply and demand, changes in general or regional economic
conditions, interest rates, governmental rules or policies and natural disasters. Future weakness in economic conditions also could
result in reduced loan demand and a decline in loan originations. In particular, a significant decline in real estate values would
likely lead to a decrease in new construction, commercial real estate and residential mortgage loan originations and increased
delinquencies and defaults in our real estate loan portfolio. 

Our increased emphasis on originating construction and commercial
real estate loans may expose us to increased lending risks.  

At September 30, 2016, $21.8 million, or
6.2%, of our loan portfolio consisted of construction loans, including loans for the acquisition and development of property, and
$80.0 million, or 22.7%, of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial real estate loans. Construction financing is generally considered
to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied residential real estate. Risk of
loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion
of construction compared to the estimated costs, including interest, of construction and other assumptions. Additionally, if the
estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, we may be confronted with a project, when completed, having a value less than the loan
amount. We have attempted to minimize these risks by generally concentrating on residential construction loans in our market area
to contractors with whom we have established lending relationships and by selling, with respect to larger construction and land
development loans, participation interests in order to reduce our exposure. Likewise, commercial real estate loans generally expose
a lender to a greater risk of loss than one-to-four family residential loans. Repayment of commercial real estate loans generally
is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the property or business to cover operating expenses and debt service. Commercial
real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans. Changes in economic conditions that are out of the control of the borrower and lender could
impact the value of the security for the loan, the future cash flow of the involved property, or the marketability of a construction
project with respect to loans originated for the acquisition and development of property. Additionally, any decline in real estate
values may be more pronounced with respect to commercial real estate properties than residential properties. Also, many of construction
borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit
relationship can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a residential
mortgage loan. 

In recent periods, a majority of our non-performing
assets have related to construction loans. At September 30, 2016, five construction loans aggregating $10.3 million were considered
non-performing and on non-accrual status. All of these construction loans were related to a loan relationship consisting of nine
loans with a total principal balance outstanding of $12.3 million, all of which was deemed non-performing as of such date. In addition,
non-performing assets at September 30, 2016 included two commercial real estate loans aggregating $1.3 million and two single-family
residential loans aggregating $711,000 related to the same borrower. 

We have a high concentration of loans secured by real estate
in our market area; adverse economic conditions in our market area have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect,
our financial condition and result of operation s 

Substantially all of our loans are to individuals,
businesses and real estate developers in Philadelphia and Delaware Counties, Pennsylvania and neighboring areas in southern Pennsylvania
and southern New Jersey and our business depends significantly on general economic conditions in these market areas. Severe declines
in housing prices and property values have been particularly acute in our primary market areas in recent years. A deterioration
in economic conditions or a prolonged weakness in the economic recovery in our primary market areas could result in the following
consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business: 

Loan delinquencies may increase; 

Problem assets and foreclosures may increase; 

Demand for our products and services may decline; 

The carrying value of our other real estate owned may decline
further; and 

Collateral for loans made by us, especially real estate, may continue to decline in value, in turn reducing a customer s
borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with our loans.   

The Company s credit standards and its on-going credit
assessment processes might not protect it from significant credit losses.   

The Company assumes credit risk by virtue
of making loans and extending loan commitments and letters of credit. We manage our credit risk through a program of underwriting
standards, the review of certain credit decisions and a continuous quality assessment process of credit already extended. Our exposure
to credit risk is managed through the use of consistent underwriting standards that emphasize local lending while avoiding highly
leveraged transactions as well as excessive industry and other concentrations. The Company s credit administration function
employs risk management techniques to help ensure that problem loans and leases are promptly identified. While these procedures
are designed to provide us with the information needed to implement policy adjustments where necessary and to take appropriate
corrective actions, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in avoiding undue credit risk. 

A significant percentage of our assets is invested in securities
which typically have a lower yield than our loan portfolio.  

Our results of operations are substantially
dependent on our net interest income. At September 30, 2016, $193.0 million or 34.5 % of our assets was invested in investment
securities, cash and amounts due from banks. These investments yield substantially less than the loans we hold in our
portfolio. The weighted average yield on such assets for the year ended September 30, 2016 was 2.47% as compared to 3.93% for
loans. Accordingly, our net interest margin is lower than it would have been if a higher proportion of our interest-earning assets
consisted of loans. In addition, at September 30, 2016, $138.7 million, or 77.6% of our investment securities, are classified
as available for sale and reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses excluded from earnings and reported in other
comprehensive income, which affects our reported equity. Accordingly, given the material size of the investment securities portfolio
classified as available for sale and due to possible mark-to-market adjustments of that portion of the portfolio resulting from
market conditions, we may experience greater volatility in the value of reported equity. Moreover, given that we actively manage
our investment securities portfolio classified as available for sale, we may sell securities which could result in a realized
loss, thereby reducing our net income. 

While we intend to invest a greater proportion
of our assets in loans with the goal of increasing our net interest income, we may not be able to increase originations of loans
that are acceptable to us. 

Our success depends on hiring and retaining certain key personnel.  

Our performance largely depends on the talents
and efforts of highly skilled individuals. We rely on key personnel to manage and operate our business, including major revenue
generating functions such as loan and deposit generation, as well as operational functions such as regulatory compliance and information
technology. The loss of key staff may adversely affect our ability to maintain and manage these functions effectively, which could
negatively affect our revenues. In addition, loss of key personnel could result in increased recruiting and hiring expenses, which
could cause a decrease in our net income. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees
and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

Higher interest rates would hurt our profitability  

Management is unable to predict fluctuations
of market interest rates, which are affected by many factors, including inflation, recession, unemployment, monetary policy, domestic
and international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets, and investor and consumer demand. Our primary
source of income is net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income generated by our interest-earning
assets (consisting primarily of single-family residential loans) and the interest expense generated by our interest-bearing liabilities
(consisting primarily of deposits). The level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of our interest-earning
assets, the average balance of our interest-bearing liabilities, and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of
such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing
liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by such external factors as the local economy, competition for loans and deposits, the
monetary policy of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board (the  FOMC ), and market interest
rates. The FOMC has indicated it is likely that the federal funds rate will be increased within the next year, possibly as early
as the end of December 2016. 

A sustained increase in market interest
rates could adversely affect our earnings. A significant portion of our loans have fixed interest rates (or, if adjustable, are
initially fixed for periods of five to 10 years) and longer terms than our deposits and borrowings. Our net interest income could
be adversely affected if the rates we pay on deposits and borrowings increase more rapidly than the rates we earn on loans. As
a result of our historical focus on the origination of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, which focus has been emphasized
in recent years due to asset quality issues experienced by our construction and land development lending activities, the majority
of our loans have fixed interest rates. In addition, a large percentage of our investment securities and mortgage-backed securities
have fixed interest rates and are classified as held to maturity. As is the case with many banks and savings institutions, our
emphasis on increasing the development of core deposits, those with no stated maturity date, has resulted in our interest-bearing
liabilities having a shorter duration than our assets. As of September 30, 2016, 48.3% of our loan portfolio had maturities of
10 years or more. Furthermore, at such date, only $87.2 million or 25.0% of the loans due after September 30, 2016 bear adjustable
interest rates. At September 30, 2016, 42.5% of our deposits had no stated maturity date and 62.5% consisted of certificates of
deposit with maturities of one year or less. This imbalance can create significant earnings volatility because interest rates change
over time and are currently at historical low levels. As interest rates increase, our cost of funds will increase more rapidly
than the yields on the bulk of our interest-earning assets. In addition, the market value of our fixed-rate assets for example,
our investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolios, would decline if interest rates increase. For example, we estimate that
as of September 30, 2016, a 200 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in our net portfolio value declining
by approximately $47.7 million or 9.1%. Net portfolio value is the difference between incoming and outgoing discounted cash flows
from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet contracts. 

Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory
compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and/or increase our costs of operations.   

The Company and Prudential Savings are subject
to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the FDIC. Such
regulation and supervision governs the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage and are intended primarily
for the protection of insurance funds and the depositors and borrowers of Prudential Savings rather than for holders of our common
stock. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition
of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the level of our allowance for loan losses.
These regulations, along with the currently existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance, monetary laws, rules, standards, policies,
and interpretations control the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax
compliance, and govern financial reporting and disclosures. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of
regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. Further, changes
in accounting standards can be both difficult to predict and involve judgment and discretion in their interpretation by us and
our independent accounting firms. These changes could materially impact, potentially even retroactively, how we report our financial
condition and results of our operations as could our interpretation of those changes. 

The Dodd-Frank Act is significantly changing
the current bank regulatory structure and affects the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of financial
institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new implementing
rules and regulations, and to prepare numerous studies and reports for Congress. The federal agencies are given significant discretion
in drafting the implementing rules and regulations, and consequently, many of the details and much of the impact of the Dodd-Frank
Act may not be known for many months or years. 

The Dodd-Frank Act created a new Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau with broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions,
including the authority to prohibit  unfair, deceptive or abusive  acts and practices. The Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has examination and enforcement authority over all banks with more than $10 billion in assets. Banks with $10 billion or
less in assets continue to be examined for compliance with the consumer laws by their primary bank regulators. 

The Dodd-Frank Act requires minimum leverage
(Tier 1) and risk-based capital requirements for bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies that are no less
than those applicable to banks, which could limit our ability to borrow at the holding company level and invest the proceeds from
such borrowings as capital in Prudential Savings Bank, and will exclude certain instruments that previously have been eligible
for inclusion by bank holding companies as Tier 1 capital, such as trust preferred securities. 

The full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on
our business will not be known until all of the regulations implementing the statute are adopted and implemented. As a result,
we cannot at this time predict the extent to which the Dodd-Frank Act will impact our business, operations or financial condition.
However, compliance with these new laws and regulations may require us to make changes to our business and operations and will
likely result in additional costs and divert management s time from other business activities, any of which may adversely
impact our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

We have become subject to more stringent capital requirements,
which may adversely impact our return on equity, require us to raise additional capital, or constrain us from paying dividends
or repurchasing shares.  

In July 2013, the federal banking agencies
approved a new rule that has substantially amended regulatory risk-based capital rules. The final rule implements the regulatory
capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ( Basel III ) and changes required by the Dodd-Frank
Act. 

The final rule includes new minimum risk-based
capital and leverage ratios, which were effective for us on January 1, 2015, and refines the definition of what constitutes  capital 
for calculating these ratios. The new minimum capital requirements are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%;
(ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from
prior rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%. The final rule also requires unrealized gains and losses on certain  available-for-sale 
securities holdings to be included for calculating regulatory capital requirements unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. Prudential
Savings elected to opt out of the requirement under the final rule to include certain  available-for-sale  securities
holdings for calculating its regulatory capital requirements. The final rule also establishes a  capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5%, and, when fully phased in, will result in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%,
(ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. The new capital conservation
buffer requirement begin being phased-in January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase each year until
fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases
and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations will establish a maximum
percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such actions. 

We have analyzed the effects of these new
capital requirements on a fully phased-in basis, and we believe that we meet all of these new requirements, including the full
2.5% capital conservation buffer, as if these new requirements had been in effect as of September 30, 2016. 

The application of more stringent capital
requirements could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and result
in regulatory actions if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Furthermore, the imposition of liquidity requirements
in connection with the implementation of Basel III could result in our having to lengthen the term of our funding, restructure
our business models, and/or increase our holdings of liquid assets. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk-based
capital calculations, items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital and/or additional capital conservation buffers
could result in management modifying its business strategy, and could limit our ability to make distributions, including paying
dividends or repurchasing shares. Specifically, beginning in 2016, Prudential Savings ability to pay dividends is limited if it
does not have the capital conservation buffer required by the new capital rules, which may further limit our ability to pay dividends
to stockholders. 

Proposed and final regulations could restrict our ability
to originate and sell loans.  

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
has issued a rule designed to clarify for lenders how they can avoid legal liability under the Dodd-Frank Act, which would hold
lenders accountable for ensuring a borrower s ability to repay a mortgage. Loans that meet this  qualified mortgage 
definition will be presumed to have complied with the new ability-to-repay standard. Under the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s
rule, a  qualified mortgage  loan must not contain certain specified features, including: 

excessive upfront points and fees (those exceeding 3% of the total loan amount, less  bona fide discount points 
for prime loans);   

interest-only payments; 

negative amortization; and 

terms of longer than 30 years. 

Also, to qualify as a  qualified mortgage, 
a loan must be made to a borrower whose total monthly debt-to-income ratio does not exceed 43%. Lenders must also verify and document
the income and financial resources relied upon to qualify the borrower on the loan and underwrite the loan based on a fully amortizing
payment schedule and maximum interest rate during the first five years, taking into account all applicable taxes, insurance and
assessments. 

In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires
the regulatory agencies to issue regulations that require securitizes of loans to retain  not less than 5% of the credit
risk for any asset that is not a qualified residential mortgage.  The regulatory agencies have issued a final rule to implement
this requirement. The final rule provides that the definition of  qualified residential mortgage  includes loans that
meet the definition of qualified mortgage issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 

The final rule could have a significant
effect on the secondary market for loans and the types of loans we originate, and restrict our ability to make loans. Similarly,
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s rule on qualified mortgages could limit our ability or desire to make certain
types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, which could limit our growth or profitability. 

We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation
is critical to the success of our business  

We are a community bank, and our reputation
is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for
customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and
prospective customers in our current market and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances
our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral
part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If
our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that
is appealing to current or prospective customers, or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

Strong competition within our market area could hurt our
profits and slow growth  

We face intense competition in making loans,
attracting deposits and hiring and retaining experienced employees. This competition has made it more difficult for us to make
new loans and attract deposits. Price competition for loans and deposits sometimes results in us charging lower interest rates
on our loans and paying higher interest rates on our deposits, which reduces our net interest income. Competition also makes it
more difficult and costly to attract and retain qualified employees. Some of the institutions with which we compete have substantially
greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer services that we do not provide. We expect competition to increase
in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the
financial services industry. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market area. 

The fair value of our investment securities can fluctuate
due to market conditions outside of our control  

As of September 30, 2016, the fair value
of our investment securities portfolio was approximately $179.4 million. We have historically taken a conservative investment strategy,
with concentrations of securities that are backed by government sponsored enterprises. Factors beyond our control can significantly
influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities.
These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect of the securities, defaults by the issuer or with
respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and continued instability in the capital markets. Any
of these factors, among others, could cause other-than-temporary impairments and realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods
and declines in other comprehensive income, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The process for determining whether
impairment of a security is other-than-temporary usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance
and liquidity of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual
principal and interest payments on the security. 

If the Company fails to maintain an effective system of internal
controls, it may not be able to accurately report its financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential shareholders
could lose confidence in the Company s financial reporting, which could harm its business and the trading price of its common
stock.  

The Company has established a process to
document and evaluate its internal controls over financial reporting in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related regulations, which require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of the
Company s internal controls over financial reporting. In this regard, management has, among other things, dedicated internal
resources and engaged outside consultants to (i) assess and document the adequacy of internal controls over financial reporting,
(ii) take steps to improve control processes, where appropriate, (iii) validate through testing that controls are functioning as
documented and (iv) implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Although
the Company s management and audit committee believe that its system of internal controls is effective, the Company cannot
be certain that these measures will ensure that the Company implements and maintains adequate controls over its financial processes
and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could harm the Company s operating results or cause the Company to fail to meet its reporting obligations. If the Company
fails to correct any issues in the design or operating effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, or fails to
prevent fraud, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in the Company s financial reporting, which could
harm its business and the trading price of its common stock. 

The Company is subject to a variety of operational risks,
including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, and the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders . 

The Company is exposed to many types of
operational risks, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders,
and unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting
from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. Negative public opinion can result from its actual or alleged conduct
in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions and from actions taken by government
regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect its ability
to attract and keep customers and can expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action. 

Because the nature of the financial services
business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully
rectified. The Company s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction volume may further
increase the risk that technical flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult
to detect. The Company also may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially
beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption
of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. The Company is further exposed to the risk that its external vendors
may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their
respective employees as the Company is) and to the risk that its (or its vendors ) business continuity and data security
systems prove to be inadequate. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in a diminished ability of the Company to operate
its business, potential liability to clients, reputational damage and regulatory intervention, which could adversely affect its
business, financial condition and results of operations, perhaps materially. 

The Company relies on other companies to provide key components
of its business infrastructure.  

Third parties provide key components of
the Company s business infrastructure, for example, system support and network access. While the Company has selected these
third party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting
from their failure to provide services for any reason or their poor performance of services, could adversely affect the Company s
ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business. Replacing these third party vendors
could also entail significant delay and expense. 

The Company s operations may be adversely affected
by cyber security risks.   

In the ordinary course of business, the
Company collects and stores sensitive data, including proprietary business information and personally identifiable information
of our customers and employees in systems and on networks. In some cases, this confidential or proprietary information is collected
compiled, processed, transmitted or stored by third parties on our behalf. The secure processing, maintenance and use of this information
is critical to operations and our business strategy. The Company has invested in accepted technologies, and continually reviews
processes and practices that are designed to protect our networks, computers and data from damage or unauthorized access. Despite
these security measures, the Company s computer systems and infrastructure or those of third parties used by us to compile,
process or store such information may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other
disruptions. A breach of any kind could compromise systems and the information stored there could be accessed, damaged or disclosed.
A breach in security could result in legal claims, regulatory penalties, disruption in operations, and damage to the Company s
reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to successfully compete may be reduced if we
are unable to make technological advan ces. 

The banking industry is experiencing rapid
changes in technology. In addition to improving customer services, effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables
financial institutions to reduce costs. As a result, our future success will depend in part on our ability to address our customers 
needs by using technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively develop new technology-driven products and
services or be successful in marketing these products to our customers. Many of our competitors have far greater resources than
we have to invest in technology. 

Federal Reserve Board policy could limit our ability to pay
dividends to our shareholders.  

The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy
statement regarding the payment of dividends and the repurchase of shares of common stock by bank holding companies. In general,
the policy provides that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention
by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition.
These regulatory policies could affect our ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or otherwise engage in capital
distributions. 

Combining the Prudential Bancorp and Polonia Bancorp
in connection with the pending merger may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected.   

Prudential Bancorp and Polonia Bancorp
have historically operated and, until the effective time of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. The success of
the merger will depend, in part, on the Company's ability to successfully combine the businesses of Prudential Bancorp and Polonia
Bancorp. To realize these anticipated benefits, after the effective time of the merger, Prudential Bancorp expects to integrate
Polonia's business into its own. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption
of each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect
the combined company's ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated
benefits of the merger. The loss of key employees could adversely affect the Company's ability to successfully conduct its business
in the markets in which Polonia Bancorp now operates, which could have an adverse effect on Prudential Bancorp's financial results
and the value of its common stock. If Prudential Bancorp experiences difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated
benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. As with any merger of
financial institutions, there also may be business disruptions that cause Polonia Bancorp or the Company to lose current customers
or cause current customers to remove their accounts from Polonia Bancorp or Prudential Bancorp and move their business to competing
financial institutions. Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management attention and resources. These
integration matters could have an adverse effect on each of Polonia Bancorp and the Company during this transition period and
for an undetermined period after consummation of the merger. 

Prudential Bancorp may fail to realize the cost savings
estimated for the merger with Polonia Bancorp.  

Prudential Bancorp estimates that it
will achieve cost savings from the merger when the two companies have been fully integrated. While the Company continues to be
comfortable with these expectations as of the date of the Annual Report on Form l0-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, it
is possible that the estimates of the potential cost savings could turn out to be incorrect. 

The actual integration may result in
additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. Actual growth and
cost savings, if achieved, may be lower than what Prudential Bancorp expects and may take longer to achieve than anticipated.
If the Company is not able to adequately address integration challenges, Prudential Bancorp may be unable to successfully integrate
the Company's and Polonia Bancorp s operations or to realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of the two companies.  

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties  

We currently conduct business from our main
office and five banking offices. The following table sets forth the net book value of the land, building and leasehold improvements
and certain other information with respect to our offices at September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

A putative shareholder derivative and class
action lawsuit, Parshall v. Eugene Andruczyk et al., was initially filed in the Circuit Court for Montgomery County, Maryland,
Case No. 423219-v, on July 21, 2016. The lawsuit names as defendants the directors of Polonia Bancorp, Polonia Bancorp Bancorp
and Prudential Bancorp. The lawsuit alleges a breach of fiduciary duty by approving the merger agreement for inadequate merger
consideration and the inclusion of preclusive deal protection measures in the merger agreement and that the registration statement
as filed on July 22, 2016 failed to disclose material information related to the transaction. The lawsuit also alleges that Prudential
Bancorp aided and abetted the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty. A second putative class action lawsuit, captioned  Baron v.
Eugene Andruczyk et al.,  No. V424400, was filed in the Circuit Court for Montgomery County, Maryland on August 29, 2016. The
lawsuit names as defendants the directors of Polonia Bancorp and Polonia Bancorp. The lawsuit alleges a breach of fiduciary duty
by failing to disclose material information related to the transaction in the registration statement as filed on July 22, 2016.
The relief sought includes preliminary and permanent injunction against the consummation of the merger, rescission or rescissory
damages if the merger is completed, costs and attorney s fees. 

On October 6, 2016, solely to avoid the
costs of protracted litigation and any potential delay of the merger, Polonia Bancorp, Prudential Bancorp and the Polonia Bancorp
director defendants entered into a memorandum of understanding with the respective plaintiffs regarding the settlement of the two
lawsuits. Pursuant to the memorandum of understanding, Prudential Bancorp and Polonia Bancorp filed with the SEC and made publicly
available to shareholders of Polonia Bancorp certain supplemental disclosures, Polonia Bancorp agreed to waive the prohibition
in the nondisclosure agreements entered into by Polonia Bancorp with potential interested parties with respect to a party subject
thereto being prohibited from asking Polonia Bancorp to waive the standstill provisions that require such party to refrain from
pursuing various actions that relate to acquisition of control of Polonia Bancorp without the prior written consent of the Polonia
Bancorp board of directors during the specified time period, Prudential Bancorp agreed to waive the enforcement of the provision
in the merger agreement prohibiting Polonia Bancorp from waiving the foregoing restriction contained in the nondisclosure agreements,
and the parties agreed to provide each other with customary mutual releases concerning the claims related to the merger agreement
and the merger, including the initiation and the prosecution of any litigation, subject to approval of the Circuit Court. 

If the Circuit Court approves the settlement
contemplated in the memorandum of understanding, both the Parshall lawsuit and the Baron lawsuit will be dismissed with prejudice,
and all claims that were or could have been brought challenging any aspect of the merger, the merger agreement, and any disclosure
made in connection therewith will be released and barred. Under the terms of the memorandum, counsel for the plaintiffs have reserved
the right to seek an award of attorneys  fees and expenses. The defendants have reserved the right to contest the amount
of any fee and expense petition that plaintiffs may pursue. The amount of any fees and expense awarded, if any, will ultimately
be determined and approved by the court, and will not affect the amount of merger consideration to be paid by Prudential Bancorp.
Polonia Bancorp or its successor or insurer will pay any fees and expenses potentially awarded by the court. In the memorandum,
the parties also have agreed to negotiate in good faith to prepare a stipulation of settlement to be filed with the court and other
documentation as may be required to effectuate the settlement. Pursuant to the memorandum of understanding, plaintiffs  counsel
is permitted to conduct reasonable confirmatory discovery as plaintiffs  counsel believes in good faith is reasonably appropriate
and necessary and as agreed to by the parties to confirm the fairness and reasonableness of the terms of the Settlement. There
can be no assurance that the parties ultimately will enter into a stipulation of settlement or that the court will approve the
settlement even if the parties were to enter into such stipulation. The proposed settlement contemplated by the memorandum of understanding
will become void in the event that the parties do not enter into such stipulation or the Circuit Court does not approve the settlement. 

Prudential Bancorp and the other defendants
deny all of the allegations in the lawsuits and believe the disclosures previously included in the proxy statement provided to
the Polonia Bancorp shareholders and the provisions of the nondisclosure agreements and the merger agreement are appropriate under
the law. Nevertheless, Prudential Bancorp and the other defendants agreed to settle the putative class action lawsuits in order
to avoid the costs, disruptions and distraction of further litigation. 

Prudential Bancorp and the other defendants
have vigorously denied, and continue to vigorously deny, that they have committed or aided and abetted in the commission of any
violation of law or engaged in any of the wrongful acts that were alleged in the lawsuits, and expressly maintain that, to the
extent applicable, they diligently and scrupulously complied with their fiduciary and other legal burdens and entered into the
memorandum of understanding solely to eliminate the burden and expense of further litigation and to put the claims that were or
could have been asserted to rest. 

In addition, Prudential Bancorp is involved
in various legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. Management of the Company, based on discussions with
litigation counsel, does not believe that such proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operations
of Prudential Bancorp. There can be no assurance that any of the outstanding legal proceedings to which the Company is a party
will not be decided adversely to the Company's interests and have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and operations
of the Company. 

Item 4.          Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable 

PART II  

Item 5.   
       Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    

(a)       Our
common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol  PBIP . At December 1, 2016, there were
approximately 275 registered shareholders of record, not including the number of persons or entities whose stock is held in nominee
or  street  name through various brokerage firms and banks. 

The following table shows the quarterly
high and low trading prices of our stock, reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market, and the amount of cash dividends declared per share
for each of the quarters in fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

___________________________________ 

The following graph compares the cumulative
total return of the Company common stock with the cumulative total return of the SNL Mid-Atlantic Thrift Index and the Nasdaq Stock
Market (US Companies). The graph assumes that $100 was invested on September 30, 2011. Prices prior to October 17, 2013 are for
Old Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and have been adjusted for the .9442 exchange ratio applied as part of the mutual to-stock conversion.
Cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of all dividends. 

(b)  Not applicable   

(c)       The Company s
repurchases of equity shares for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 were follows: 

(1)   On July 15, 2015, the Company announced
the Board of Directors had approved a second stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 850,000 shares
of common stock, approximately 10% of the Company s outstanding shares upon completion of the first repurchase program. 

(2)   Reflects shares repurchased directly
from participants upon exercises by participants of stock options. No other repurchases were effected. 

Item 6. Selected Financial
Data  

Set forth below is selected financial and
other data of Prudential Bancorp. Reference is made to the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Item
8 which provide additional information. 

(Footnotes on next page)  

(1)  With the exception of end of period ratios, all ratios are based on average monthly balances during the indicated periods.   

(2)  Average interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and the
average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average
interest-earning assets.   

(3)  The efficiency ratio represents the ratio of non-interest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and non-interest
income.   

(4)  Asset quality ratios and capital ratios are end of period ratios, except for net charge-offs to average loans receivable.   

(5)  Non-performing assets generally consist of all loans on non-accrual, loans which are 90 days or more past due as to principal
or interest, and real estate acquired through foreclosure or acceptance of a deed in-lieu of foreclosure. Non-performing assets
and non-performing loans also include loans classified as troubled debt restructurings ( TDR ) due to being recently
restructured and placed on non-accrual in connection with such restructuring. The TDRs in most cases are performing in accordance
with their restructured terms. It is the Company s policy to cease accruing interest on all loans which are 90 days or more
past due as to interest or principal.   

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Overview  

At September 30, 2016, we had total assets
of $559.5 million, including net loans of $344.9 million and $178.7 million of investment and mortgage-backed securities, total
deposits of $389.2 million and total stockholders  equity of $114.0 million. 

The Company conducts community
banking activities by accepting deposits and making loans in our market area. Our lending products consist of residential
mortgage loans, including loans for sale in the secondary market, along with commercial real estate and multi-family and to a
lesser extent construction loans. The Company also originates commercial business and consumer loans in an effort to maintain
strong customer relationships. 

Despite the challenging current market and
economic conditions, the Company continues to maintain capital substantially in excess of regulatory requirements. 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
section is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of Prudential Bancorp. The results
of operations of Prudential Bancorp are primarily dependent on the results of the Bank. The information contained in this section
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

In reviewing and understanding financial
information for Prudential Bancorp, you are encouraged to read and understand the significant accounting policies used in preparing
our financial statements. These policies are described in Note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included
in Item 8 hereof. The accounting and financial reporting policies of Prudential Bancorp conform to accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and to general practices within the banking industry. Accordingly,
the financial statements require certain estimates, judgments and assumptions, which are believed to be reasonable, based upon
the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as contingent
assets and contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during
the periods presented. The following accounting policies comprise those that management believes are the most critical to aid in
fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These policies require numerous estimates or economic assumptions
that may prove inaccurate or may be subject to variations which may significantly affect our reported results and financial condition
for the period or in future periods. 

Allowance for Loan Losses . The allowance
for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Losses are charged against the allowance
for loan losses when management believes that the collectability in full of the principal of a loan is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries
are added to the allowance. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to provide
for estimated losses and impairments based upon an evaluation of known and inherent losses in the loan portfolio that are both
probable and reasonable to estimate. Loan impairment is evaluated based on the fair value of collateral or estimated net realizable
value. It is the policy of management to provide for losses on unidentified loans in its portfolio in addition to criticized and
classified loans. 

Management monitors its allowance for loan
losses at least quarterly and makes adjustments to the allowance through the provision for loan losses as economic conditions and
other pertinent factors indicate. The quarterly review and adjustment of the qualitative factors employed in the allowance methodology
and the updating of historic loss experience allow for timely reaction to emerging conditions and trends.  In this context,
a series of qualitative factors are used in a methodology as a measurement of how current circumstances are affecting the loan
portfolio. Included in these qualitative factors are: 

Levels of past due, classified, criticized and non-accrual loans, troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications;   

Nature and volume of loans;   

Changes in lending policies and procedures, underwriting standards, collections, charge-offs and recoveries and for commercial
loans, the level of loans being approved with exceptions to lending policy;   

Experience, ability and depth of management and staff;   

National and local economic and business conditions, including various market segments;   

Quality of the Company s loan review system and degree of Board oversight;   

Concentrations of credit and changes in levels of such concentrations; and   

Effect of external factors on the level of estimated credit losses in the current portfolio.   

In determining the allowance for loan losses,
management has established both specific and general pooled allowances. Values assigned to the qualitative factors and those developed
from historic loss experience provide a dynamic basis for the calculation of reserve factors for both pass-rated loans (general
pooled allowance) and for criticized and classified loans. The amount of the specific allowance is determined through a loan-by-loan
analysis of certain large dollar commercial real estate loans. Loans not individually reviewed are evaluated as a group using reserve
factor percentages based on historical loss experience and the qualitative factors described above. In determining the appropriate
level of the general pooled allowance, management makes estimates based on internal risk ratings, which take into account such
factors as debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratios and external factors. Estimates are periodically measured against actual
loss experience. 

This evaluation is inherently subjective
as it requires material estimates including, among others, exposure at default, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows
on impaired loans, value of collateral, estimated losses on our commercial, construction and residential loan portfolios and historical
loss experience. All of these estimates may be susceptible to significant change. 

While management uses the best information
available to make loan loss allowance evaluations, adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic and
other conditions or changes in accounting guidance. In addition, the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the
FDIC, as an integral part of their examination processes, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. The Pennsylvania Department
of Banking and Securities and the FDIC may require the recognition of adjustments to the allowance for loan losses based on their
judgment of information available to them at the time of their examinations. To the extent that actual outcomes differ from management s
estimates, additional provisions to the allowance for loan losses may be required that would adversely affect earnings in future
periods. 

Investment
and Mortgage-Backed Securities Available for Sale.     Where quoted prices are available
in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available,
then fair values are estimated using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows and are
classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around
inputs to the valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, although there were no securities
with that classification as of September 30, 2016 or 2015.    

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. The Company
determines whether the unrealized losses are temporary in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  The evaluation is based upon factors
such as the creditworthiness of the issuers/guarantors, the underlying collateral, if applicable, and the continuing performance
of the securities. In addition the Company also considers the likelihood that the security will be required to be sold by a regulatory
agency, our internal intent not to dispose of the security prior to maturity and whether the entire cost basis of the security
is expected to be recovered. In determining whether the cost basis will be recovered, management evaluates other facts and circumstances
that may be indicative of an other-than-temporary impairment condition. This includes, but is not limited to, an evaluation
of the type of security, length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, and near-term prospects of
the issuer. 

In addition, certain assets are measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject
to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The Company measures impaired
loans, FHLB stock and properties serving as collateral for loans or bank properties transferred into real estate owned at fair
value on a non-recurring basis.   

Valuation techniques and models utilized
for measuring financial assets and liabilities are reviewed and validated by the Company at least quarterly. 

Income Taxes.  The Company accounts
for income taxes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company records deferred income taxes that reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes. Management exercises significant judgment in the evaluation of the amount and timing of the recognition of the resulting
tax assets and liabilities. The judgments and estimates required for the evaluation are updated based upon changes in business
factors and the tax laws. If actual results differ from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating the amount
and timing of tax recognized, there can be no assurance that additional expenses will not be required in future periods.  

In evaluating our ability to recover deferred
tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results and our forecast of
future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we make assumptions for the amount of taxable income, the reversal
of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require us to
make judgments about our future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage our business. Any
reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record an additional valuation allowance against our deferred tax
assets. An increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in the period and could have a significant
impact on our future earnings. 

U.S. GAAP prescribes a minimum probability
threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes, when applicable,
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated income statement.  Assessment
of uncertain tax positions requires careful consideration of the technical merits of a position based on management's analysis
of tax regulations and interpretations.  Significant judgment may be involved in the assessment of the tax position. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Information regarding recent accounting
pronouncements is included in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 hereto. 

Derivative Financial Instruments, Contractual Obligations
and Other Off Balance Sheet Arrangements.   

Derivative financial instruments include
futures, forwards, interest rate swaps, option contracts, and other financial instruments with similar characteristics. To remain
competitive in our local lending area and to support the Company s asset/liability positioning, on occasion the Bank
enters into interest rate swaps contract to control it s funding costs. 

In addition, these instruments involve,
to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated statements
of financial condition. Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates and may require additional collateral
from the borrower if deemed necessary. Commitments to extend credit are not recorded as an asset or liability by us until the instrument
is exercised. 

Commitments  

The following table summarizes our outstanding
commitments to originate loans and to advance additional amounts pursuant to outstanding letters of credit, lines of credit and
undisbursed construction loans at September 30, 2016. 

(1)  The majority of available lines of credit consist of home equity lines of credit.   

Contractual Cash Obligations  

The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations
at September 30, 2016. 

Average Balances, Net Interest Income, and Yields Earned and Rates Paid.  The
following table shows for the periods indicated the total dollar amount of interest from average interest-earning assets and the
resulting yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed both in dollars and rates,
and the net interest margin. Tax-exempt income and yields have not been adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis. All average balances
are based on monthly balances. Management does not believe that the monthly averages differ significantly from what the daily
averages would be. 

_______________________ 

(1)  Includes nonaccrual loans during the respective periods. Calculated net of deferred fees and discounts, loans in process and
allowance for loan losses.   

(2)  Equals net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.   

Rate/Volume Analysis.  The following
table shows the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities affected our interest income and expense during the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (1) changes in rate, which is the change in
rate multiplied by prior year volume, and (2) changes in volume, which is the change in volume multiplied by prior year rate. The
combined effect of changes in both rate and volume has been allocated proportionately to the change due to rate and the change
due to volume. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015  

At September 30, 2016, the Company had total
assets of $559.5 million, as compared to $487.2 million at September 30, 2015, an increase of 14.8%. At September 30, 2016, net
loans receivable increased to $344.9 million from $312.6 million at September 30, 2015. The increase in net loans receivable was
primarily due to a $60.3 million increase in commercial and multi-family real estate, the purchase of short-term small equipment
leases aggregating $3.3 million, partially offset by a $25.6 million reduction in the balance of one-to-four family loans combined
with a $5.4 million reduction related to construction and land development loans. During fiscal 2016, the Company increased its
available-for-sale investment securities portfolio by $61.2 million, while experiencing a $26.4 million reduction in investment
securities held-to-maturity, primarily due to securities being called, the proceeds of which were primarily reinvested in available-for-sale
securities. 

Total liabilities increased by $75.3 million
to $445.5 million at September 30, 2016, from $370.2 million at September 30, 2015. Total deposits increased $24.1 million, consisting
primarily of short-term certificates of deposit. At September 30, 2016, the Company had FHLB advances outstanding of $50.6 million
with variable maturities of which $35.0 million was used to fund the Company s investment leverage strategy and the remaining
$15.6 million was used for loan growth and purchase of investment securities. 

Total stockholders  equity decreased
by $3.0 million to $114.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $117.0 million at September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due
to the $7.0 million expended in the acquisition of treasury stock in connection with the Company s previously announced stock
repurchase program. During fiscal year 2016, the Company repurchased 445,881 shares under its current program with 214,574 shares
remaining; however, only very limited repurchases have been effected since early March 2016 due to the pending merger with Polonia.
Also contributing to the decrease was payment of cash dividends aggregating $895,000. These decreases were partially offset by
$2.7 million in net income earned during fiscal 2016 combined with a $780,000 after-tax increase in the unrealized gain on the
available-for-sale securities portfolio and the fair value of interest rate swaps. 

General.  

2016 vs. 2015.   For the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized net income of $2.7 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, as compared to net
income of $2.2 million, or $0.27 per diluted share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. Increased profitability for the
year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to an increase in net interest income, gains recognized on the sale of
mortgage-backed securities and a reduction in the provision for loan losses recorded during the fiscal 2016. In addition, the Company
reduced its non-interest expenses by approximately $1.9 million (including the effect of expenses related to the merger with Polonia)
resulting from a comprehensive expense reduction program which began at the beginning of the fiscal 2016. Profitability for the
year ended September 30, 2015 primarily reflected the $2.1 million aggregate gain realized on the sale of three branch offices
as well as a $138,000 gain on the sale of a SBA loan, partially offset by a provision for loan losses of $735,000 and increased
non-interest expense primarily related to salaries and benefits expense. 

2015 vs 2014  . For the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized net income of $2.2 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, as compared to net
income of $1.8 million, or $0.19 per diluted share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. Profitability for the year ended
September 30, 2015 primarily reflected the $2.1 million aggregate gain from the sale of three branch offices as well as a $138,000
gain on the sale of a SBA loan, partially offset by a provision for loan losses of $735,000 and increased non-interest expense
primarily related to salaries and benefits expense. 

Net Interest Income.  

2016 vs. 2015.   For the year
ended September 30, 2016, net interest income increased to $14.2 million as compared to $13.3 million for fiscal year 2015. The
increase reflected an $803,000 or 4.8% increase in interest income combined with a decrease of $104,000 or 3.0% in interest paid
on deposits and borrowings. The increase in interest income reflected the $19.8 million, or 4.8%, increase in average interest
earning assets, primarily consisting of increases of $4.5 million and $28.7 million, respectively, in loans and investment securities
available for sale. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company expanded its investment strategy to include purchases
of investment grade corporate bonds with a carrying value of approximately $26.1 million as of September 30, 2016. The Company s
borrowings from the FHLB also increased during the year ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the leverage strategy implemented
during the second quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company had an average balance of borrowings of $35.6 million with a weighted average
yield of 1.30% during the year ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $35.4 million from the level of average borrowings during
the same period in 2015. The total weighted average cost of funds decreased 10 basis points to 0.80% for the year ended September
30, 2016, from 0.90% for fiscal year 2015. 

2015 vs. 2014.   For the year
ended September 30, 2015, net interest income increased $183,000 or 1.4% to $13.2 million as compared to $13.1 million for fiscal
2014. Interest income increased $215,000 or 1.3%, partially offset by a $29,000 or 0.9% increase in interest expense. The increase
in interest income resulted from a 10 basis point increase to 3.38% in the weighted average yield earned on interest-earning assets
partially offset by an $8.1 million or 1.6% decrease to $493.3 million in the average balance of interest-earning assets for the
year ended September 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The increase in the weighted average yield earned reflected in part the
reduction of cash and cash equivalents resulting from use of such funds for the purchase of treasury stock and to fund the outflow
of higher costing deposits as well as and the redeployment of principal repayments received on loans and investment securities
into mortgage-backed securities. 

Provision for Loan Losses.   

2016 vs. 2015  . The Company
established provisions for loan losses of $225,000 during the year ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the increase in the
level of commercial real estate loans. For the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company established provisions for loans losses
of $735,000 during the year ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the increase in the level of commercial real estate and construction
loans outstanding, charge-offs incurred during fiscal 2015 and the previously disclosed classification of a $10.3 million loan
workout relationship as non-performing. The Company believes that the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 was sufficient
to cover all inherent and known losses associated with the loan portfolio at such date. 

The allowance for loan losses totaled $3.3
million, or 0.9% of total loans and 20.6% of total non-performing loans at September 30, 2016 as compared to $2.9 million, or 0.9%
of total loans and 21.0% of total non-performing loans at September 30, 2015. 

2015 vs. 2014.   The Company
established provisions for loan losses of $735,000 during the year ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the increase in the
level of commercial real estate and construction loans outstanding, charge-offs incurred during fiscal 2015 and the previously
disclosed classification of a $10.3 million loan workout relationship as non-performing. For the year ended September 30, 2014,
the Company established provisions for loans losses of $240,000. During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded
charge-offs totaling $384,000 and recoveries of $155,000. 

The allowance for loan losses totaled $2.9
million, or 0.9% of total loans and 21.0% of total non-performing loans at September 30, 2015 as compared to $2.4 million, or 0.8%
of total loans and 41.2% of total non-performing loans at September 30, 2014. 

Non-interest Income.  

2016 vs. 2015.   With respect
to the year ended September 30, 2016, non-interest income amounted to $1.3 million compared with $3.0 million for fiscal 2015.
The primary reason for the difference in non-interest income between fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was in fiscal 2015 the
Company recorded an aggregate gain of $2.1 million from the sale of three former branch locations. During fiscal 2016, the Company
recorded a $418,000 gain from the sale of mortgage-back securities classified available for sale ( AFS ) while there
were no securities gains recognized during fiscal 2016. 

2015 vs. 2014.   With respect
to the year ended September 30, 2015, non-interest income amounted to $3.0 million compared with $1.1 million for fiscal 2014.
The primary reason for the difference in non-interest income between fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 was in fiscal 2015
the Company recorded an aggregate gain of $2.1 million from the sale of three former branch locations. During fiscal 2014, the
Company recorded a $416,000 gain from the sale of mortgage-back securities classified AFS while there were no securities gains
recognized during fiscal 2015. 

Non-interest Expense.   

2016 vs. 2015.   For the year
ended September 30, 2016, non-interest expense decreased $1.9 million to $11.3 million compared to fiscal 2015. The decrease for
the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a cost reduction strategy that began in the beginning of this fiscal year.
Major component included in this strategy was a reduction in compensation and benefits of approximately $1.5 million, reduction
in professional services of approximately $303,000, partially offset by small increases in general administrative expenses. Also
the Company recorded $300,000 of merger-related costs during fiscal 2016. 

2015 vs. 2014.   For the year
ended September 30, 2015, non-interest expense increased $1.7 million to $13.2 million compared to fiscal 2014. The increase for
the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to increases in salary and employee benefit expense in large part due to the
implementation of the shareholder-approved new equity incentive plan combined with the one-time charges amounting to approximately
$210,000 associated with a staff reduction effected in connection with the implementation of a comprehensive plan to reduce expenses.
Part of the plan included implementation of a reorganization plan which will reduce the workforce by more than 10%. 

Income Tax Expense . 

2016 vs. 2015  . For the year
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded income tax expense of $1.3 million as compared to $116,000 for fiscal 2015. The
Company s tax obligation for the year ended September 30, 2015 was greatly reduced due its ability to utilize its prior period
capital loss carryforwards to offset the entire amount of the gains it recorded relating to the sale of its Center City, Snyder
and Drexel Hill branch offices. 

2015 vs. 2014  . For the year
ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded income tax expense of $116,000 as compared to $690,000 for fiscal 2014. The Company s
tax obligation for the year ended September 30, 2015 was greatly reduced due its ability to utilize its prior period capital loss
carryforwards to offset the entire amount of the gains it recorded relating to the sale of its of previous mentioned branch offices. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is the ability to maintain cash
flows that are adequate to fund operations and meet other obligations on a timely and cost effective basis in various market conditions.
The ability of the Company to meet its current financial obligations is a function of balance sheet structure, the ability to liquidate
assets and the availability of alternative sources of funds. To meet the needs of the clients and manage the risk of the Company,
the Company engages in liquidity planning and management. 

Our primary sources of funds are from deposits,
scheduled principal and interest payments on loans, loan prepayments and the maturity of loans, mortgage-backed securities and
other investments, and other funds provided from operations. While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and mortgage-backed
securities and maturing investment securities are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments can
be greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. We also maintain excess funds in short-term,
interest-bearing assets that provide additional liquidity. At September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents amounted to $12.4
million. In addition, our available for sale investment and mortgage-backed securities amounted to an aggregate of $138.7 million
at September 30, 2016. 

We use our liquidity to fund existing and
future loan commitments, to fund maturing certificates of deposit and demand deposit withdrawals, to invest in other interest-earning
assets, and to meet operating expenses. At September 30, 2016, we had certificates of deposit maturing within the next 12 months
amounting to $135.8 million. We anticipate that a significant portion of the maturing certificates of deposit will be redeposited
with us unless we determine to lower rates to below competition in order to facilitate the reduction of higher cost deposits during
periods when there is excess cash on hand or in order to satisfy our asset/liability goals. There were no deposits as of September
30, 2016 requiring the pledging of collateral. 

In addition to cash flows from loan and
securities payments and prepayments as well as from sales of available for sale securities, we have significant borrowing capacity
available to fund liquidity requirements should the need arise. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $180.2 million of available
borrowing capacity along with a line of credit has also been established with the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. In addition,
the Bank has the ability to generate brokered certificates of deposit. 

We anticipate that we will continue to have
sufficient funds and alternative funding sources to meet our current commitments. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices  

The consolidated financial statements, accompanying
notes, and related financial data of Prudential Bancorp presented in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, in Part
II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial
position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the changes in purchasing power of money over
time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of operations. Most of our assets and liabilities
are monetary in nature; therefore, the impact of interest rates has a greater impact on our performance than the effects of general
levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods
and services. 

Exposure to Changes in Interest Rates  

Gap Analysis.  The matching of assets
and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are  interest rate sensitive 
and by monitoring the Bank s interest rate sensitivity  gap.  An asset or liability is said to be interest rate
sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. The interest rate sensitivity gap
is defined as the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a specific time period
and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within that same time period. A gap is considered positive
when the amount of interest rate sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities. A gap is considered
negative when the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities exceeds the amount of interest rate sensitive assets. During a
period of rising interest rates, a negative gap would tend to affect adversely net interest income while a positive gap would tend
to result in an increase in net interest income. Conversely, during a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap would tend
to result in an increase in net interest income while a positive gap would tend to affect adversely net interest income. 

The table on the next page sets forth the
amounts of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities outstanding at September 30, 2016, which we expect, based
upon certain assumptions, to reprice or mature in each of the future time periods shown (the  GAP Table ). Except as
stated below, the amounts of assets and liabilities shown which reprice or mature during a particular period were determined in
accordance with the earlier of term to repricing or the contractual maturity of the asset or liability. The table sets forth an
approximation of the projected repricing of assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016, on the basis of contractual maturities,
anticipated prepayments, and scheduled rate adjustments within a three-month period and subsequent selected time intervals. The
loan amounts in the table reflect principal balances expected to be redeployed and/or repriced as a result of contractual amortization
and anticipated prepayments of adjustable-rate loans and fixed-rate loans, and as a result of contractual rate adjustments on adjustable-rate
loans. Annual prepayment rates for adjustable-rate and fixed-rate single-family and multi-family residential and commercial mortgage
loans are assumed to range from 6.5% to 28.9%. The annual prepayment rate for mortgage-backed securities is assumed to range from
0.8% to 22.1%. Money market deposit accounts, savings accounts and interest-bearing checking accounts are assumed to have annual
rates of withdrawal, or  decay rates,  based on information from an internal analysis of our accounts up to a maximum
of ten years. 

(1)  Interest-earning assets are included in the period in which the balances are expected to be redeployed and/or repriced as a
result of anticipated prepayments, scheduled rate adjustments and contractual maturities.   

(2)  For purposes of the gap analysis, loans receivable includes non-performing loans, gross of the allowance for loan losses, undisbursed
loan funds, unamortized discounts and deferred loan fees.   

(3)  Includes FHLB stock.   

(4)  Interest-rate sensitivity gap represents the difference between total interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities.   

Certain shortcomings are inherent in the
method of analysis presented in the foregoing table. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities
or periods to repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on certain
types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types
may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally, certain assets, such as adjustable-rate loans, have features which restrict
changes in interest rates both on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Further, in the event of a change in interest
rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels would likely deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the table. Finally,
the ability of many borrowers to service their adjustable-rate loans may decrease in the event of an interest rate increase. 

Net Portfolio Value Analysis.  Our
interest rate sensitivity also is monitored by management through the use of a model which generates estimates of the changes in
our net portfolio value ( NPV ) over a range of interest rate scenarios. NPV is the present value of expected cash
flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet contracts. The NPV ratio, under any interest rate scenario, is defined as
the NPV in that scenario divided by the market value of assets in the same scenario. The following table sets forth our NPV as
of September 30, 2016 and reflects the changes to NPV as a result of immediate and sustained changes in interest rates as indicated. 

At September 30, 2015, the Company s NPV was $131.1
million or 27.1% of the market value of assets. Following a 200 basis point increase in interest rates, the Company s  post
shock  NPV would have been $107.4 million or 24.3% of the market value of assets, a decline of approximately 18.1%. The change
in the NPV ratio or Company s sensitivity measure was a decrease of 276 basis points. 

As is the case with the GAP Table, certain
shortcomings are inherent in the methodology used in the above interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes in NPV require
the making of certain assumptions which may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in
market interest rates. In this regard, the models presented assume that the composition of our interest sensitive assets and liabilities
existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and also assumes that a particular change
in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration to maturity or repricing of specific
assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the NPV model provides an indication of interest rate risk exposure at a particular
point in time, such model is not intended to and does not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest
rates on net interest income and will differ from actual results. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk  

See Item 7,  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Exposure to Changes in Interest Rates.  

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Prudential Bancorp, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of
financial condition of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended September 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September
30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary s internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013 and our report dated December 14, 2016,
we expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ SR Snodgrass, PC. 

 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 

 December 14, 2016 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Prudential Bancorp, Inc. 

We have audited Prudential Bancorp Inc. and subsidiary s
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control  
Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in
2013. Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Prudential
Bancorp, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established
in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by COSO in 2013. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Prudential
Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary as of September 30, 2016 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income,
changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and our report dated December 14, 2016, expressed an
unqualified opinion. 

/s/ SR Snodgrass, PC 

 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 

 December 14, 2016 

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION  

________________________________________ 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES OF CASH FLOW   

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES OF CASH FLOW continued.  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 

1.  NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Prudential
Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) is a Pennsylvania corporation that was incorporated in June 2013 to be the successor
corporation of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania ( Old Prudential Bancorp ), the former stock holding company
for Prudential Savings Bank (the  Bank ), a Pennsylvania-chartered, FDIC-insured savings bank with seven full service
branches in the Philadelphia area. As of September 30, 2013, the Company was in organization and had not commenced operations;
accordingly, the financial statements included as of and for the year ended September 30, 2013 are of Prudential Bancorp, Inc.
of Pennsylvania. The Bank s primary federal banking regulator is the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank is principally
in the business of attracting deposits from its community through its branch offices and investing those deposits, together with
funds from borrowings and operations, primarily in single-family residential loans. The Bank s sole subsidiary as of September
30, 2015 was PSB Delaware, Inc. ( PSB ), a Delaware-chartered corporation established to hold certain investments.
As of September 30, 2016, PSB had assets of $119.4 million primarily consisting of investment and mortgage-backed securities.  

The Company s primary market area is Philadelphia,
in particular South Philadelphia and Center City, as well as Delaware County. The Company also conducts business in Bucks, Chester
and Montgomery Counties which, along with Delaware County, comprise the suburbs of Philadelphia. We also make loans in contiguous
counties in southern New Jersey. 

The second step conversion of the MHC was completed
on October 9, 2013. In connection with the conversion, the Company issued an aggregate of 9,544,809 shares of common stock through
a public offering and the exchange of Old Prudential Bancorp s common stock owned by the public other than the MHC which
was exchanged for 0.9442 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Old Prudential Bancorp. Share amounts and
per share data in the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect
the exchange. 

2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Consolidation    The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the Bank.  All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation .  

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial
Statements     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates and assumptions
in the consolidated financial statements are recorded in the allowance for loan losses, the fair value of financial instruments,
other than temporary impairment of securities and valuation of deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents     For
purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and amounts due from depository institutions and interest-bearing
deposits with original maturities of less than 90 days. 

Investment Securities and Mortgage-Backed
Securities     Management classifies and accounts for debt and equity securities as follows: 

Held to Maturity   Debt securities
that management has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity are classified as held to maturity and are carried at
their remaining unpaid principal balance, net of unamortized premiums or unaccreted discounts. Premiums are amortized and discounts
are accreted using the interest method over the estimated remaining term of the underlying security. 

Available for Sale   Debt and equity
securities that will be held for indefinite periods of time, including securities that may be sold in response to changes in market
interest or prepayment rates, needs for liquidity, and changes in the availability and the yield of alternative investments, are
classified as available for sale. These assets are carried at fair value. Fair value is determined using public market prices,
dealer quotes, and prices obtained from independent pricing services that may be derivable from observable and unobservable market
inputs. Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and are reported net of tax as a separate component of stockholders 
equity until realized. Realized gains or losses on the sale of investment and mortgage-backed securities are reported in earnings
as of the trade date and determined using the adjusted cost of the specific security sold. 

Other-than-temporary impairment    Management
evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market
conditions warrant such evaluation. For all securities that are in an unrealized loss position for an extended period of time and
for all securities whose fair value is significantly below amortized cost, Management performs an evaluation of the specific events
attributable to the market decline of the security. Management considers the length of time and extent to which the security s
market value has been below cost as well as the general market conditions, industry characteristics, and the fundamental operating
results of the issuer to determine if the decline is other-than-temporary. Management also considers as part of the evaluation
its intention whether or not to sell the security until its market value has recovered to a level at least equal to the amortized
cost. When management determines that a security s unrealized loss is other-than-temporary, a realized loss is recognized
in the period in which the decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary. The write-down is measured based on the fair
value of the security at the time the Company determines the decline in value is other-than-temporary. 

Loans Receivable    
 Lending consists of various loan types including single-family residential mortgage loans, construction and land development
loans, non-residential or commercial real estate mortgage loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, commercial business loans,
and consumer loans and the loans are stated at their unpaid principal balances net of unamortized net fees/costs.   
Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off are reported at
their outstanding unpaid principal balance adjusted for unearned income, the allowance for loan losses and any unamortized deferred
fees or costs. 

Loan Origination and Commitment Fees     Management
defers loan origination and commitment fees, net of certain direct loan origination costs. The balance is accreted into income
as a yield adjustment over the life of the loan using the level-yield method. 

Interest on Loans     Management
recognizes interest on loans on the accrual basis. Income recognition is discontinued when a loan becomes 90 days or more delinquent.
Any interest previously accrued is deducted from interest income. Such interest ultimately collected is credited to income when
loans are no longer 90 days or more delinquent. 

Allowance for
Loan Losses          The allowance for loan losses represents the amount
which management estimates is adequate to provide for probable losses inherent in its loan portfolio as of the Consolidated Statement
of Financial Condition date. The allowance method is used in providing for loan losses. Accordingly, all loan losses are charged
to the allowance, and all recoveries are credited to it. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan
losses charged to operations. The provision for loan losses is based on management s periodic evaluation of individual loans,
economic factors, past loan loss experience, changes in the composition and volume of the portfolio, and other relevant factors,
both qualitative and quantitative. The estimates used in determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, including the
amounts and timing of future cash flows expected on impaired loans, are particularly susceptible to changes in the near term.  

Impaired loans are loans for which it is not probable
to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements. Management individually evaluates such loans
for impairment and does not aggregate loans by major risk classifications. Factors considered by management in determining impairment
include payment status and collateral value. The amount of impairment for impaired loans is determined by the difference between
the present value of the expected cash flows related to the loans, using the original interest rate, and their recorded value,
or as a practical expedient in the case of collateralized loans, the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the
recorded amount of the loans. When foreclosure is probable, impairment is measured based on the fair value of the collateral. 

Mortgage loans and consumer loans are comprised of
large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans which are evaluated for impairment collectively. Loans that experience insignificant
payment delays, which are defined as less than 90 days, generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance
of payment delays on a case-by-case basis taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower
including the length of the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of shortfall in relation to the principal
and interest owed. 

Real Estate Owned     Real
estate acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure is recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, less estimated selling
costs, establishing a new basis. Costs related to the development and improvement of real estate owned properties are capitalized
and those relating to holding the properties are charged to expense. After foreclosure, a valuation is periodically performed by
management and a write-down is recorded, if necessary, by a charge to operations if the carrying value of a property exceeds its
estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh ( FHLB )
Stock     FHLB stock is classified as a restricted equity security because ownership is restricted and there is no
established market for its resale.  FHLB stock is carried at cost and is evaluated for impairment when certain conditions
warrant further consideration. 

The Company is a member of the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Pittsburgh and as such, is required to maintain a minimum investment in stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank that varies
with the level of advances outstanding with the Federal Home Loan Bank.  The stock is bought from and sold to the Federal
Home Loan Bank based upon its $100 par value.  The stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and as such is classified
as restricted stock, carried at cost and evaluated for impairment by management.  The stock s value is determined by
the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par
value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: (a) the significance of the decline in net
assets of the Federal Home Loan Bank as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time this situation has persisted;
(b) commitments by the Federal Home Loan Bank to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in
relation to the operating performance; (c) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the customer base of the Federal
Home Loan Bank; and (d) the liquidity position of the Federal Home Loan Bank. 

The Federal Home Loan Bank continues to report net
income, continues to declare quarter cash dividends and had its Aaa bond rating affirmed by Moody s and AA+ rating affirmed
by Standard and Poor s during 2015 and remain unchanged as of September 30, 2016.With consideration given to these factors,
management concluded that the stock was not impaired at September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Office Properties and Equipment     Land
is carried at cost. Office properties and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed
using the straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the assets. The costs of maintenance and repairs are expensed
as they are incurred, and renewals and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over their useful lives. The estimated useful
life is generally 10-39 years for buildings and 1-7 years for furniture and equipment. 

Cash Surrender Value of Life Insurance   The
Company funds the policy premiums for the lives of certain officers and directors of the Bank. The bank owned life insurance policies
( BOLI ) provide an attractive tax-exempt return to the Company and is being used by the Company to fund various employee
benefit plans and arrangements. The BOLI is recorded at its cash surrender value. 

Dividend Payable     Upon declaration
of a dividend, a payable is established with a corresponding reduction to retained earnings at the declaration date. There was
no dividend payable as of September 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company paid $895,000, $2.2 million and $571,000 in cash dividends during
the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015and 2014, respectively. 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan     The
Bank established an employee stock ownership plan ( ESOP ) for substantially all of its full-time employees. Shares
of the Company s common stock purchased by the ESOP are held in a suspense account until released for allocation to participants
as the loans are repaid. Shares released are allocated to each eligible participant based on the ratio of each such participant s
compensation, as defined in the ESOP, to the total compensation of all eligible plan participants in the ESOP. As the unearned
shares are released from suspense, the Company recognizes compensation expense equal to the fair value of the ESOP shares during
the periods in which they become committed to be released. To the extent that the fair value of the ESOP shares released differs
from the cost of such shares, the difference is recorded to equity as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital. Effective October
2016, the Board of directors have approved the termination of the ESOP plan effective December 31, 2016. 

Share-Based Compensation     The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to employees, directors, and where appropriate non-employees, in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Under fair value provisions, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value
of the award and is recognized as expense over the appropriate vesting period using the straight-line method. The amount of stock-based
compensation recognized at any date must at least equal the portion of the grant date fair value of the award that is vested at
that date and as a result it may be necessary to recognize the expense using a ratable method. Determining the fair value of stock-based
awards at the date of grant requires judgment, including estimating the expected term of the stock options and the expected volatility
of the Company s stock. In addition, judgment is required in estimating the amount of stock-based awards that are expected
to be forfeited. If actual results differ significantly from these estimates or different key assumptions were used, it could have
a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding stock-based compensation. 

Treasury Stock     Common stock held
in treasury is accounted for using the cost method, which treats stock held in treasury as a reduction to total stockholders 
equity. On July 15, 2015, the Company approved a second stock repurchase program covering up to 850,000 shares or approximately
10% of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The Company has completed its first repurchase program of 950,000 shares
covered by the program at an average cost of $13.18. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had purchased 1,499,265 shares of common
stock at an average price of $14.07. The shares may be purchased in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from
time to time depending upon market conditions and other factors over a one-year period or such longer period of time as may be
necessary to complete such repurchases. 

Comprehensive Income   Management
presents in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income those amounts arising from transactions and other events which currently
are excluded from the statements of operations and are recorded directly to stockholders  equity. For the years ended September
30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the components of comprehensive income were net income, unrealized holding (loss) gain, net of income
tax (benefit) expense, on available for sale securities and reclassifications related to realized gains on sale of securities recognized
in earnings, net of tax, unrealized holdings (loss)gain, net of tax, on the fair value of interest rate swaps and realized losses
due to other than temporary impairment, net of tax. Reclassifications are made to avoid double counting in comprehensive income
items which are displayed as part of net income for the period. 

Income Taxes    Management records
deferred income taxes that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Management exercises significant judgment in the
evaluation of the amount and timing of the recognition of the resulting tax assets and liabilities. The judgments and estimates
required for the evaluation are updated based upon changes in business factors and the tax laws. If actual results differ from
the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating the amount and timing of tax recognized, there can be no assurance
that additional expense will not be required in future periods.  

In evaluating the Company s ability to recover
deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including past operating results and forecast
of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, management makes assumptions for the amount of taxable income,
the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions
require management to make judgments about future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates the Company uses
to manage the business. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require management to record an additional valuation
allowance against the deferred tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense
in the period and could have a significant impact on our future earnings. 

Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets
and Extinguishments of Liabilities     Management recognizes the financial and servicing assets it controls and
the liabilities it has incurred, and will derecognize financial assets when control has been surrendered, and derecognize liabilities
when extinguished. Servicing assets and other retained interests in the transferred assets are measured by allocating the previous
carrying amount between the assets sold, if any, and retained interests, if any, based on their relative fair values at the date
of transfer. 

Interest Rate Swap Agreement - For asset/liability
management purposes, the Company uses interest rate swap agreements to hedge various exposures or to modify interest rate characteristics
of the balance sheet accounts. Interest rate swaps are contracts in which a series of interest rate flow is exchanged over a prescribed
period. The notional amount on which the interest payments are based is not exchanged. These swap agreements are derivative instruments
and generally convert a portion of the Company s variable-rate debt to a fixed rate (cash flow hedge) and convert a portion
of its fixed rate loans to a variable rate (fair value hedge). 

The gain or loss on a derivative designated and
qualifying as a fair value hedging instrument, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the risk
being hedged, is recognized currently in earnings in the same accounting period. The effective portion of the gain or loss on a
derivative designated and qualifying as a cash flow hedging instrument is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive
income and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.
The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized currently in earnings. 

For cash flow hedges, the net settlement (upon close-out
or termination) that offsets changes in the value of the hedged debt is deferred and amortized into net interest income over the
life of the hedged debt. For fair value hedges, the net settlement (upon close-out or termination) that offsets changes in the
value of the loans adjusts the basis of the loans and is deferred and amortized to loan interest income over the life of the loans.
The portion, if any, of the net settlement amount that did not offset changes in the value of the hedged asset or liability is
recognized immediately in noninterest income. 

Interest rate derivative financial instruments receive
hedge accounting treatment only if they are designated as a hedge and are expected to be, and are, effective in substantially reducing
interest rate risk arising from the assets and liabilities identified as exposing the Company to risk. Those derivative financial
instruments that do not meet specified hedging criteria would be recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in
income. If periodic assessment indicates derivatives no longer provide an effective hedge, the derivative contracts would be closed
out and settled, or classified as a trading activity. 

Advertising Costs     Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $103,000, $165,000 and $186,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements    

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (a new revenue recognition standard) . The Update s core principle
is that a company will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, this update specifies
the accounting for certain costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and expands disclosure requirements for revenue
recognition. This Update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-11,  Transfers and Servicing (Topic 860): Repurchase-to-Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings, and Disclosures .
The amendments in this Update change the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions to secured borrowing accounting. For
repurchase financing arrangements, the amendments require separate accounting for a transfer of a financial asset executed contemporaneously
with a repurchase agreement with the same counterparty, which will result in secured borrowing accounting for the repurchase agreement.
The amendments also require enhanced disclosures. The accounting changes in this Update are effective for the first interim or
annual period beginning after December 15, 2014. An entity is required to present changes in accounting for transactions outstanding
on the effective date as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. Earlier
application is prohibited. The disclosure for certain transactions accounted for as a sale is required to be presented for interim
and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and the disclosure for repurchase agreements, securities lending transactions,
and repurchase-to-maturity transactions accounted for as secured borrowings is required to be presented for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2014, and for interim periods beginning after March 15, 2015. The disclosures are not required to be presented
for comparative periods before the effective date. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-12,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments when the Terms of an Award
Provide that a Performance Target Could Be Achieved After the Requisite Service Period.  The amendments require that a performance
target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition.
The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this Update either (a) prospectively to
all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are
outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified
awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of
the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained
earnings balance at that date. Additionally, if retrospective transition is adopted, an entity may use hindsight in measuring and
recognizing the compensation cost. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).  The amendments in this Update
provide guidance in U.S, GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In November 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-16,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument
Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).  This
Update clarifies how current U.S. GAAP should be interpreted in subjectively evaluating the economic characteristics and risks
of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. Public business entities are required
to implement the new requirements in fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015.
This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In June 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-10 , Technical Corrections and Improvements . The amendments in this Update represent changes to clarify the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification ( Codification ), correct unintended application of guidance, or make minor improvements
to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative
cost to most entities. Transition guidance varies based on the amendments in this Update. The amendments in this Update that require
transition guidance are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All other amendments will be effective
upon the issuance of this Update. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of
ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit
plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2019. The Company is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting ASU. 

In September 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805).  The amendments in this Update require that an acquirer recognizes
adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment
amounts are determined. The amendments in this Update require that the acquirer record, in the same period's financial statements,
the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to
the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in this Update
require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount
recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment
to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. For public business entities, the amendments in this
Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For
all other entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities . This Update applies to all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities and is intended to
provide more useful information on the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. Among other
things, this Update (a) requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those
that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income;
(b) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative
assessment to identify impairment; (c) eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured
at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities; (d) eliminates the requirement for public business entities
to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial
instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; (e) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion
when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (f) requires an entity to present separately in
other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific
credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial
instruments; (g) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form
of financial asset (that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial
statements; and (h) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related
to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. For public business entities,
the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. For all other entities, including not-for-profit entities and employee benefit plans within the scope of Topics
960 through 965 on plan accounting, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. All entities that are not public business entities may
adopt the amendments in this Update earlier as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the ASU will have on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . The standard requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities that arise
from leases on the balance sheet.  A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease
payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. 
A short-term lease is defined as one in which (a) the lease term is 12 months or less and (b) there is not an option to purchase
the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise. For short-term leases, lessees may elect to recognize lease
payments over the lease term on a straight-line basis. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. For all other entities, the amendments
in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020. The amendments should be applied at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective
approach with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. This ASU is not expected
to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-04,  Liabilities     Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20).  The standard provides that liabilities
related to the sale of prepaid stored-value products within the scope of this Update are financial liabilities. The amendments
in the Update provide a narrow-scope exception to the guidance in Subtopic 405-20 to require that breakage for those liabilities
be accounted for consistent with the breakage guidance in Topic 606. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business
entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019. Earlier application is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. This ASU is not expected to
have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) . The amendments in this Update apply to all reporting entities for which
there is a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a heading instrument under Topic 815 . 
The standards in this Update clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the
hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require designation of that hedging relationship provided that
all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
For all other entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. An entity has an option to
apply the amendments in this Update on either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. This ASU not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) . The amendments apply to all entities that are issuers of or investors
in debt instruments (or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt host) with embedded call (put) options.
The amendments in this Update clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate
the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt host. An entity performing the assessment
under the amendments in this Update is required to assess the embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the four-step
decision sequence. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than public business
entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption
in an interim period. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-07,  Investments     Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) . The Update affects all entities that
have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence. The amendments in this Update eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for
use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must
adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method
had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method
investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor's previously held
interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting.
Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. The amendments
in this Update require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method
of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date
the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied
prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the
adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. This ASU is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   The amendments in this Update affect entities with transactions
included within the scope of Topic 606, which includes entities that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services
(that are an output of the entity s ordinary activities) in exchange for consideration. The amendments in this Update do
not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606; they simply clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus
agent considerations. The amendments in this Update are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation
guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The amendments in this Update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which is not yet effective. The effective date and transition requirements for the
amendments in this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of Update 2014-09. ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date,  defers the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one
year. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Company s financial position
or results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) . The amendments in this Update affect all entities that
issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The standards in this Update provide simplification for several aspects of
the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as with equity
or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Some of the areas for simplification apply only to nonpublic
entities. In addition to those simplifications, the amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic 718 that was indefinitely deferred
shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004),  Share-Based Payment . This should not result in a change
in practice because the guidance that is being superseded was never effective. For public business entities, the amendments in
this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.
For all other entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period.
The Company adopted this ASU and did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendments in this Update affect entities with transactions
included within the scope of Topic 606, which includes entities that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services
in exchange for consideration. The amendments in this Update do not change the core principle for revenue recognition in Topic
606. Instead, the amendments provide (1) more detailed guidance in a few areas and (2) additional implementation guidance and examples
based on feedback the FASB received from its stakeholders. The amendments are expected to reduce the degree of judgment necessary
to comply with Topic 606, which the FASB expects will reduce the potential for diversity arising in practice and reduce the cost
and complexity of applying the guidance. The amendments in this Update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) , which is not yet effective. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in
this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (and any other Topic amended by Update
2014-09). ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) :  Deferral of the Effective Date , defers
the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one year. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will
have on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

In May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-11,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivative and Hedging (Topic 815 ), which rescinds SEC paragraphs pursuant
to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016, Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. This ASU did not have a significant impact
on the Company s financial statements 

In May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which among other things clarifies the objective of the
collectability criterion in Topic 606, as well as certain narrow aspects of Topic 606. The amendments in this Update affect the
guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which is not yet effective. The effective date
and transition requirements for the amendments in this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for
Topic 606 (and any other Topic amended by Update 2014-09). ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral
of the Effective Date , defers the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one year. This ASU is not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company s financial statements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ),
which changes the impairment model for most financial assets. This Update is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring
timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations.
The underlying premise of the Update is that financial assets measured at amortized cost should be presented at the net amount
expected to be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The allowance
for credit losses should reflect management s current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining
life of a financial asset. The income statement will be effected for the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial
assets, as well as the expected increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. ASU 2016-13
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2018. With certain exceptions, transition to the new requirements will be through a cumulative
effect adjustment to opening retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Company s financial position
or results of operations. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU
2016-15 ), which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. Among these
include recognizing cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment as cash outflows for financing activities; cash proceeds
received from the settlement of insurance claims should be classified on the basis of the related insurance coverage; and cash
proceeds received from the settlement of bank-owned life insurance policies should be classified as cash inflows from investing
activities while the cash payments for premiums on bank-owned policies may be classified as cash outflows for investing activities,
operating activities, or a combination of investing and operating activities. The amendments in this Update are effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other
entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts
the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that
interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this
Update should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the
amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest
date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Company s
statement of cash flows. 

3.    EARNINGS PER SHARE    

Basic earnings per share is computed based on the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding and common share equivalents ( CSEs ) that would arise from the exercise of dilutive securities. 

The calculated basic and diluted earnings per share
are as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were 554,445
and 442,756 shares of common stock, respectively, subject to options with an exercise price less than the then current market
and which were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. All options shares vested as of September 30, 2016 and
2015 have exercise prices considered in the money and are consider dilutive. The weighted exercise price for the stock
options representing the 383,016 anti-dilutive shares was $11.83 at September 30, 2014. 

4.    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)    

The following table presents the changes in accumulated other
comprehensive income by component net of tax: 

(a) All amounts are net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate
debits. 

The following table presents significant amounts reclassified
out of each component of accumulated other comprehensive income for the year ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Year Ended September 30,            

2016            
      2015            
      2014            

Amount Reclassified            
      Amount Reclassified            
      Amount Reclassified            

from Accumulated            
      from Accumulated            
      from Accumulated            
      Affected Line Item in   

Other            
      Other            
      Other            
      the Statement Where   

Comprehensive            
      Comprehensive            
      Comprehensive            
      Net Income is   
 
      Details about other comprehensive income       
      Income (a)            
      Income (a)            
      Income (a)            
      Presented   

Unrealized gains on available for sale securities       

Reclassification for net gains in net income       
      $    418            
      $    -            
      $    416            
      Gain on sale of mortgage-backed securities available-for-sale,
    net   
 
      Tax effect       
           (142    )       
           -            
           (138    )       
      Income taxes   
 
      Reclassification adjustment for other than temporary impairment
    losses       
           -            
           -            
           (16    )       
      Total other-than-temporary impairment losses   
 
      Tax effect       
           -            
           -            
           5            
      Income taxes   

$    276            
      $    -            
      $    267            

(a) Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to net income 

5.    INVESTMENT AND MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES    

The amortized cost and fair value of securities,
with gross unrealized gains and losses, are as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 the Bank
maintained $31.7 million in a safekeeping account at the FHLB of Pittsburgh used for collateral as a convenience. The Bank is
not required to maintain any specific collateral for its borrowings; therefore these securities are not restricted and
could be sold or transferred if needed. 

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses
and related fair values of the Company s investment securities, aggregated by investment category and the length of time
that individual securities had been in a continuous loss position at September 30, 2016: 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment ( OTTI ) at least once per quarter, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such
evaluation. The evaluation is based upon factors such as the creditworthiness of the issuers/guarantors, the underlying collateral,
if applicable, and the continuing performance of the securities.  Management also evaluates other facts and circumstances
that may be indicative of an OTTI condition. This includes, but is not limited to, an evaluation of the type of security,
the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the security has been less than cost, and the near-term prospects of the
issuer. 

Management has reviewed its investment securities
portfolios and determined that during the year ended September 30, 2016, there were no impairment required for its investment portfolio
deemed other than temporarily impaired. 

The Company assesses whether the credit loss existed
by considering whether (1) the Company has the intent to sell the security, (2) it is more likely than not that it will be required
to sell the security before recovery, or (3) it does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. The
Company bifurcates the OTTI impact on impaired securities where impairment in value was deemed to be other than temporary between
the component representing credit loss and the component representing loss related to other factors. The portion of the fair value
decline attributable to credit loss must be recognized through a charge to earnings. The credit component is determined by comparing
the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the rate in effect before recognizing any OTTI with
the amortized cost basis of the debt security.  The Company uses the cash flow expected to be realized from the security,
which includes assumptions about interest rates, timing and severity of defaults, estimates of potential recoveries, the cash flow
distribution from the bond indenture and other factors, then applies a discount rate equal to the effective yield of the security. 
The difference between the present value of the expected cash flows and the amortized book value is considered a credit loss. 
The fair market value of the security is determined using the same expected cash flows; the discount rate is a rate the Company
determines from the open market and other sources as appropriate for the security.  The difference between the fair market
value and the security s remaining amortized cost is recognized in other comprehensive income.   

For both years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company determined that no OTTI had occurred within the investment and mortgage-back securities portfolios. 

The following is a rollforward for the year ended
September 30, 2014 of the amounts recognized in earnings related to credit losses on securities which the Company had recorded
OTTI charges through earnings and other comprehensive income. 

(Dollars in Thousands)     
 
     Credit component of OTTI as of October 1, 2013    
     $  1,599     

Additions for credit-related OTTI charges on previously unimpaired securities    
        -     

Reductions for securities liquidated    
        (1,615  )  

Additional losses as a result of impairment charges recognized on investments for which an OTTI was previously recognized    
        16     

Credit component of OTTI as of September 30, 2014    
     $  -     

U.S. Government and agency obligations  
 The Company s investments reflected in the tables above in U.S. Government sponsored enterprise notes consist of debt
obligations of the FHLB and Federal Farm Credit System ( FFCS ). These securities are typically rated AAA by one of
the internationally recognized credit rating services. There were five securities in a gross unrealized loss position for less
than twelve months having an aggregate depreciation of $129,000 or 0.6% from the Company s amortized cost basis. The unrealized
losses on these debt securities relates principally to the changes in market interest rates in the financial markets and are not
as a result of projected shortfall of cash flows. In addition, the Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more
likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities. As such, the Company anticipates it will recover
the entire amortized cost basis of the securities. As a result, the Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily
impaired at September 30, 2016. 

U.S. Government agency issued mortgage-backed
securities    At September 30, 2016, the gross unrealized loss in U.S. government agency issued mortgage-backed
securities in the category of experiencing a gross unrealized loss for greater than 12 months was $52,000 or 0.8% from the Company s
amortized cost basis and consisted of five securities. The securities in a gross unrealized loss position experiencing a gross
unrealized loss for less than 12 months was $198,000 or 0.5% from the Company s amortized cost basis and consisted of 17
securities at September 30, 2016. These securities represent asset-backed issues that are issued or guaranteed by a U.S. Government
sponsored agency or carry the full faith and credit of the United States through a government agency and are currently rated AAA
by at least one bond credit rating agency. The unrealized losses on these debt securities relates principally to the changes in
market interest rates in the financial markets and are not as a result of projected shortfall of cash flows. The Company anticipates
it will recover the entire amortized cost basis of the securities. As a result, the Company does not consider these investments
to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

Corporate debt securities    At
September 30, 2016, the gross unrealized loss corporate debt securities in the category of experiencing a gross unrealized loss
for less than 12 months was $19,000 or 0.5% from the Company s amortized cost basis and consisted of four securities. The
unrealized losses on these debt securities relates principally to the changes in market interest rates in the financial markets
and are not as a result of projected shortfall of cash flows. In addition, the Company does not intend to sell these securities
and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities. As such, the Company anticipates it
will recover the entire amortized cost basis of the securities. As a result, the Company does not consider these investments to
be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses
and related fair values of the investment securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous loss position at September 30, 2015: 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of U.S.
Government and agency obligations by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities
because of call provisions in the securities. Mortgage-backed securities were not included as the contractual maturity is generally
irrelevant due to the borrowers  right to prepay without pre-payment penalty which results in significant prepayments. 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016
and 2014, the Company recorded realized gains of $418,000 and $416,000, respectively, and gross proceeds from the from the sale
of investment and mortgage-backed securities of $11.6 million and $3.2 million, respectively. During the fiscal year ended September
30, 2015, the Company did not record any gains or losses nor did it sell any securities from it s AFS portfolio. 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company sold for $2.9 million mortgage-backed securities classified as held-to-maturity for total proceeds of
$3.1 million, that had a remaining balance of less than 15% of its original par value. These sales did not taint the Company s
intent to hold the remaining portfolio. 

6.  LOANS RECEIVABLE   

Loans receivable consist of the following: 

The Company originates loans to customers located
primarily in its local market area. The ultimate repayment of these loans at September 30, 2016 and 2015 is dependent, to a certain
degree, on the local economy and real estate market. 

The following table summarizes the loans individually
evaluated for impairment by loan segment at September 30, 2016: 

The following table summarizes the loans individually
evaluated for impairment by loan segment at September 30, 2015: 

The loan portfolio is segmented at a level that
allows management to monitor risk and performance. Management evaluates all loans classified as substandard or lower and loans
delinquent 90 plus days for potential impairment. Loans are considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to
the contractual terms of the loan agreement. 

Once the determination is made that a loan is impaired,
the determination of whether a specific allocation of the allowance is necessary is generally measured by comparing the recorded
investment in the loan to the fair value of the loan using one of the following three methods: (a) the present value of the expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate; (b) the loan s observable market price; or (c)
the fair value of the collateral less selling costs. Management primarily utilizes the fair value of collateral method as a practically
expedient alternative. 

The following table presents impaired loans by class,
segregated by those for which a specific allowance was required and those for which a specific allowance was not necessary as of
September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents impaired loans by class,
segregated by those for which a specific allowance was required and those for which a specific allowance was not necessary as of
September 30, 2015: 

The following tables present the average investment
in impaired loans and related interest income recognized for the periods indicated: 

Federal banking regulations and our policies require that the
Bank utilize an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem assets. The Bank has
incorporated an internal asset classification system, consistent with Federal banking regulations, as a part of the credit monitoring
system. Management currently classifies problem and potential problem assets as  special mention,   substandard, 
 doubtful  or  loss  assets. An asset is considered  substandard  if it is inadequately protected
by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Substandard  assets
include those characterized by the  distinct possibility  that the insured institution will sustain  some loss 
if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as  doubtful  have all of the weaknesses inherent in those
classified  substandard  with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make  collection or liquidation
in full,  on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values,  highly questionable and improbable. 
Assets classified as  loss  are those considered  uncollectible  and of such little value that their continuance
as assets without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. Assets which do not currently expose the insured
institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are required
to be designated  special mention.  

The following tables present the classes of the loan portfolio
in which a formal risk weighting system is utilized summarized by the aggregate  Pass  and the criticized category
of  special mention , and the classified categories of  substandard  and  doubtful  within
the Bank s risk rating system. The Bank had no loans classified as  loss  at the dates presented. 

The following tables present loans in which a formal
risk rating system is not utilized, but loans are segregated between performing and non-performing based primarily on delinquency
status: 

Management further monitors the performance and
credit quality of the loan portfolio by analyzing the age of the portfolio as determined by the length of time a recorded payment
is due. The following tables present the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aging categories of performing loans and
nonaccrual loans: 

Interest income on nonaccrual loans would have
increased by approximately $604,000, $279,000, and $187,000, during fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
if these loans would have performed in accordance with their original terms. 

The allowance for loan losses is established through
a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Management maintains the allowance at a level believed to cover all known and inherent
losses in the portfolio that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at each reporting date. Management reviews the allowance
for loan losses no less than quarterly in order to identify those inherent losses and to assess the overall collection probability
for the loan portfolio in view of these inherent losses. For each primary type of loan, a loss factor is established reflecting
an estimate of the known and inherent losses in such loan type using both a quantitative analysis as well as consideration of qualitative
factors. The evaluation process includes, among other things, an analysis of delinquency trends, non-performing loan trends, the
level of charge-offs and recoveries, prior loss experience, total loans outstanding, the volume of loan originations, the type,
size and geographic concentration of our loans, the value of collateral securing the loans, the borrower s ability to repay
and repayment performance, the number of loans requiring heightened management oversight, local economic conditions and industry
experience. 

Commercial real estate loans entail significant
additional credit risks compared to one-to four-family residential mortgage loans, as they generally involve large loan balances
concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, the payment experience on loans secured by income-producing
properties typically depends on the successful operation of the related real estate project and/or business operation of the borrower
who is also the primary occupant, and thus may be subject to a greater extent to the effects of adverse conditions in the real
estate market and in the economy in general. Commercial business loans typically involve a higher risk of default than residential
loans of like duration since their repayment is generally dependent on the successful operation of the borrower s business
and the sufficiency of collateral, if any. Land acquisition, development and construction lending exposes us to greater credit
risk than permanent mortgage financing. The repayment of land acquisition, development and construction loans depends upon the
sale of the property to third parties or the availability of permanent financing upon completion of all improvements. These events
may adversely affect the borrower and the value of the collateral property. 

The following tables summarize the primary segments
of the allowance for loan losses, segmented into the amount required for loans individually evaluated for impairment and the amount
required for loans collectively evaluated for impairment as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Activity in the allowance is presented
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Management established a provision for loan losses
of $225,000, $735,000 and $240,000 during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company
determined it was prudent to record a provision for fiscal year 2016 primarily due to the increased level of commercial
real estate loans offset by a reduction in single-family residential loans. The provision for loan losses was deemed necessary
for fiscal 2015 due to the increase in the level of commercial real estate and construction loans outstanding, charge-offs incurred
during fiscal 2015 and the classification of a $10.3 million loan workout relationship as non-performing. The Company believes
that the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 is sufficient to cover all inherent and known losses associated with
the loan portfolio at such date. At September 30, 2016, the Company s non-performing assets totaled $16.5 million or 2.9%
of total assets as compared to $14.8 million or 3.0% of total assets at September 30, 2015. All of the increase was due to the
placement on non-accrual of the entire amount of the Company s largest loan relationship totaling $12.3 million and consisting
of nine loans. Non-performing assets at September 30, 2016 included five construction loans aggregating $10.3 million, 17 one-to-four-family
residential loans aggregating $2.9 million, one single-family residential investment property loan totaling $1.4 million and two
commercial real estate loans aggregating $1.3 million. Non-performing assets also included at September 30, 2016 two real estate
properties consisting of one single-family residential property totaling $375,000 and a commercial real estate property totaling
$206,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had ten loans aggregating $8.2 million that were classified as troubled debt restructurings
( TDRs ). Three of such loans aggregating $5.7 million as of September 30, 2016 were classified as non-performing
as a result of not achieving a sufficiently long payment history, under the restructured terms, to justify returning the loans
to performing (accrual) status. Two of these three loans totaling $4.3 million (which are part of the Company s largest
relationship referenced above) are over 90 days past due resulting from the discontinuation of funding by the Company of the development
project (discussed below) due to the re-negotiation of the project s future direction to completion. The third loan, consisting
of a residential loan of approximately $1.4 million, has made all of its required payments to date, but the Company has not returned
the loan to performing status due to concerns with regard to the borrower s ability to make remaining payments due. The
remaining eight TDRs have performed in accordance with the terms of their revised agreements. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had reviewed $19.4 million of loans for possible impairment of which $14.6 million was deemed classified as substandard compared
to $16.8 million reviewed for possible impairment and $12.4 million of which was classified substandard as of September 30, 2015. 

Management will continue to monitor and modify the
allowance for loan losses as conditions dictate. No assurances can be given that the level of allowance for loan losses will cover
all of the inherent losses on the loans or that future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses will not be necessary if economic
and other conditions differ substantially from the economic and other conditions used by management to determine the current level
of the allowance for loan losses. 

The following tables set forth a summary of the
TDRs activity for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. All of the TDRs involved changes in the interest rates on
the loans; no debt was forgiven. At September 30, 2016, out of the 11 TDRs loans, eight were performing and the remaining three
were classified as non-performing, of which one loan was performing in accordance with their modified terms: 

As of and for the Year Ended September 30, 2016     

Restructured Current Period     
 
     (amount in thousands)    
     Number of  Loans       
     Pre- Modification  Outstanding   Recorded   Investment       
     Post-Modification   Outstanding   Recorded   Investment     

One-to-four family residential    
        1       
     $  482       
     $  482     

1       
     $  482       
     $  482     

As of September 30, 2016, consist of two
loans deemed to be TDRs aggregating $4.3 million, consisting of one construction and development loan  in the amount
of $3.6 million and a commercial real estate loan in the amount of $730,000, both of which were in default under their
modified terms. Both loans are related to the Company s largest borrower. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had nine consumer mortgage with a carrying amount of $1.1 million that
is secured by residential real estate property for which foreclosure is proceedings are in process according to local jurisdictions. 

7.  OFFICE PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT   

Office properties and equipment are summarized by
major classifications as follows: 

For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and
2014, depreciation expense amounted to $325,000, $304,000 and $320,000, respectively. 

Lease expense was $352,000, $242,000
and $77,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company has executed certain
lease commitments and is obligated to pay; $350,000 for fiscal year 2017, $394,000 for fiscal year 2018, $382,000 for fiscal
year 2019, $249,000 for fiscal year 2020, $249,000 for fiscal year 2021, and $1.7 million thereafter. 

Deposits consist of the following major classifications: 

The amount of scheduled maturities of certificate accounts
was as follows: 

Certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more at September
30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $17.0 million and $32.7 million, respectively. 

Interest expense on deposits was comprised of the following: 

9.    SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  

The year ended September 30, outstanding balances and
related information of short-term borrowings from the FHLB are summarized follows: 

There were no short-term borrowings outstanding during
the fiscal year ended 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the $20.0 million consists
of two $10.0 million 30 day FHLB advance associated with an interest rate swap contract with a weighted average effective
cost of 117 bps. 

Average balances outstanding during the year represent
daily average balance and interest rates represent interest expense divided by the related average balance. 

The Company maintains borrowing facilities with the
FHLB and Federal Reserve Banks and the terms and interest rate are subject to change on the date of execution. 

10.    ADVANCES FROM FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK  

Pursuant to collateral agreements with the FHLB of Pittsburgh,
advances are secured by a blanket collateral of loans held by the Company and qualifying fixed-income securities and FHLB stock.
The long-term advances outstanding as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

(a) Weighted average coupon rate.  

Advances from the FHLB with coupon rates ranging from
1.15% to 1.55% are as follows. 

The Bank maintains a blanket collateral
agreement using qualifying loans with the FHLB for future borrowing needs. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had the ability to
obtain $180.2 million of additional FHLB advances. 

There were no outstanding balances at September 30,
2015. 

The Company files a consolidated federal income tax
return. The Company uses the specific charge-off method for computing reserves for bad debts. Generally this method allows the
Company to deduct an annual addition to the reserve for bad debt equal to its net charge-offs. 

The provision for income taxes for the years ended
September 30, consists of the following: 

Items that gave rise to significant portions of deferred
income taxes are as follows: 

The Company establishes a valuation allowance for deferred
tax assets when management believes that the deferred tax assets are not likely to be realized either through a carry back to
taxable income in prior years, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, and, to a lesser extent, future taxable
income.  The valuation allowance totaled $378,000 and $534,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The gross deferred
tax assets related to impairment losses and capital loss carryforwards decreased in the aggregate by $156 thousand during the
year ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to the sale of AFS investment securities. 

The income tax expense differs from that computed at
the statutory federal corporate tax rate as follows: 

There is currently no liability for uncertain tax positions
and no known unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes, when applicable, interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of income tax expense. 
As of September 30, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service conducted an audit of the Company s tax returns for the year ended
September 30, 2010, and no adverse findings were reported. The Company s federal and state income tax returns for taxable
years through September 30, 2013 have been closed for purposes of examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the Pennsylvania
Department of Revenue. 

12.  REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS   

The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory
capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
mandatory   and possibly additional discretionary   actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.
The Company s and the Bank s capital amounts and the Bank s classification are also subject to qualitative judgments
by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to
ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below)
of Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to average assets (as defined) and risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of
total capital (as defined) to risk-weighted assets. Management believes, as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, that the Company and
the Bank met all regulatory capital adequacy requirements to which they each are subject. 

To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must
maintain the minimum Tier 1 capital, Tier common equity, Tier 1 risk-based and total risk-based ratios as set forth in the table
below. 

The Company s and the Bank s actual capital
amounts and ratios are also presented in the following table: 

The Bank is a member of a multi-employer (under the
provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) defined benefit pension
plan covering all employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. The Bank s policy is to fund pension costs accrued.
The expense relating to this plan for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $256,000, $623,000 and $663,000, respectively.
There are no collective bargaining agreements in place that require contributions to the plan. Additional information regarding
the plan as of September 30, 2016 is noted below: 

The Pentegra Defined Benefits Plan for Financial Institutions
is a single plan under Internal Revenue Code Section 413 (c) and, as a result, all of the assets stand behind all of the liabilities.
Accordingly, under the plan, contributions made by a participating employer may be used to provide benefits to participants of
other participating employers. During November 2015, the Plan was frozen in an effort to reduce expenses on a going forward basis. 

The Bank also has a defined contribution plan for employees
meeting certain eligibility requirements. The defined contribution plan may be terminated at any time at the discretion of the
Bank. There was no expense relating to this plan for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company eliminated
the employer match in conjunction with the establishment of the employee stock ownership plan ( ESOP ) discussed below. 

The Bank maintains an ESOP for substantially all of
its full-time employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. The purchase of shares of the Company's common stock by the
ESOP was funded by loans from the Company. The loans will be repaid principally from the Bank's contributions to the ESOP. Shares
of the Company's common stock purchased by the ESOP are held in a suspense account and released for allocation to participants
on a pro rata basis as debt service payments are made on the loans. Shares released are allocated to each eligible participant
based on the ratio of each such participant's compensation, as defined in the ESOP, to the total compensation of all eligible
plan participants. As the unearned shares are released and allocated among participants, the Bank recognizes compensation expense
based on the current market price of the shares released. The ESOP purchased 712,721 shares of the Company s common stock
for an aggregate cost of approximately $7.6 million in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had allocated a total of 243,734 shares from the suspense account to participants and committed to release an additional 35,517
shares. The expense relating to the ESOP for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $526,000, $467,000 and $389,000,
respectively. 

The Company maintains the 2008 Recognition and
Retention Plan ( RRP ) which is administered by a committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. The RRP
provides for the grant of shares of common stock of the Company to officers, employees and directors of the Company. In order
to fund the grant of shares under the RRP, the RRP Trust purchased 213,528 shares (on a converted basis) of the
Company s common stock in the open market for approximately $2.5 million, at an average purchase price per share of
$11.49 as part of the RRP. The Company made sufficient contributions to the RRP Trust to fund these purchases. As of
September 30, 2015, During Fiscal year 2016 7,473 shares have been forfeited under RRP and were granted in August 2016, all
the shares had been awarded as part of the RRP. Shares subject to awards under the RRP generally vest at the rate of 20% per
year over five years. As of September 30, 2016, 195,083 of the awarded shares of the Plan had become fully vested. During
February 2015, shareholders approved the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2014 SIP ). As part of the 2014 SIP, a
maximum of 285,655 shares can be awarded as restricted stock awards or units, of which 235,500 shares were awarded during
February 2015 of which 41,800 have vested and 45,000 shares have been forfeited. In August 2016, the Company granted 3,027
shares under 2014 SIP. 

During the year ended September
30, 2016, approximately $463,000 was recognized in compensation expense for the RRP. Tax benefits of $219,000 were recognized
during the year ended September 30, 2016.Tax benefits of $131,000 were recognized during the year ended September 30, 2015. During
the year ended September 30, 2015, approximately $387,000 was recognized in compensation expense for the RRP. At September 30,
2016, approximately $2.9 million of additional compensation expense for the shares awarded related to the RRP remained unrecognized. 

A summary of the Company s non-vested stock award
activity for the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented in the following table: 

The Company maintains the Stock Option Plan (the
 Option Plan ) which authorizes the grant of stock options to officers, employees and directors of the Company to
acquire shares of common stock with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the
grant date. Options generally become vested and exercisable at the rate of 20% per year over five years and are generally
exercisable for a period of ten years after the grant date. A total of 533,808 shares of common stock were approved for
future issuance pursuant to the Option Plan. As of September 30, 2016, all of the options had been awarded under the Option
Plan. As of September 30, 2016, 576,354 options were vested under the Option Plan of which 126,000 options were forfeited and
are available for future grants. The 2014 SIP reserved up to 714,145 shares for issuance pursuant to options. Options to
purchase 608,737 shares were awarded during February 2015, 605,000 shares pursuant to the 2014 SIP and the remainder pursuant
to the Option Plan. During August 2016 the Company granted 18,866 shares under the Option Plan and 8,634 shares under the
2014 SIP. 

A summary of the status of the Company  stock options
under the Option Plan as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and changes during the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are
presented below: 

The weighted average remaining contractual
term was approximately 5.1 years for options outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

The estimated fair value of options
granted during fiscal 2009 was $2.98 per share, $2.92 for options granted during fiscal 2010, $3.34 for options granted during
fiscal 2013, $4.67 for the options granted during fiscal 2014, $4.58 for options granted during fiscal 2015 and $2.13
for options granted during fiscal 2016. The fair value for grants made in fiscal 2015 was estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: an exercise and fair value of $12.23, term of seven years, volatility
rate of 38.16%, interest rate of 1.62% and a yield rate of 0.98%. The fair value for grants made in fiscal 2016 was estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: an exercise and fair value of $14.42,
term of seven years, volatility rate of 13.82%, interest rate of 1.36% and a yield rate of 0.80%. 

During the year ended September
30, 2016, $455,000 was recognized in compensation expense for the Option Plan. A tax benefit of $60,000 was recognized
during the year ended September 30, 2016. During the year ended September 30, 2015, $387,000 was recognized in compensation expense
for the Option Plan. A tax benefit of $44,000 was recognized during the year ended September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016,
approximately $2.0 million of additional compensation expense for awarded options remained unrecognized. The weighted average
period over which this expense will be recognized is approximately 2.3 years. 

14.  INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS   

The Company has contracted with a third party to engage
pay-fixed interest rate swap contracts and the outstanding at September 30, 2016, is being utilized to hedge $20.1 million in
floating rate debt. Below is a summary of the interest rate swap agreements and the terms as of September 30, 2016. 

15.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES   

At September 30, 2016, the
Company had $9.9 million in outstanding commitments to originate fixed and variable-rate loans with market interest rates ranging
from 3.75% to 5.25%. At September 30, 2015, the Company had $2.7 million in outstanding commitments to originate fixed and
variable-rate loans with market interest rates ranging from 4.25% to 5.25%. The aggregate undisbursed portion of loans-in-process
amounted to $5.4 million and $17.1 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company also had commitments
under unused lines of credit of $3.3 million and $6.1 million, respectively, and letters of credit outstanding of $1.9
million and $2.6 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company is subject to various
pending claims and contingent liabilities arising in the normal course of business which are not reflected in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. Management considers that the aggregate liability, if any, resulting from such matters will
not be material. 

Among the Company s contingent
liabilities are exposures to limited recourse arrangements with respect to the Company s sales of whole loans and participation
interests. At September 30, 2016, the exposure, which represents a portion of credit risk associated with the sold interests,
amounted to $32,000. This exposure is for the life of the related loans and payables, on the Company s proportionate share,
as actual losses are incurred. 

The Company is involved in various legal proceedings occurring
in the ordinary course of business. Management of the Company, based on discussions with litigation counsel, does not believe
that such proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operations of the Company. There can be
no assurance that any of the outstanding legal proceedings to which the Company is party will not be decided adversely to the
Company's interest and have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and operations of the Company.  

16.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT   

The fair value estimates presented herein are based
on pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Although management is not aware
of any factors that would significantly affect the fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for
purposes of these financial statements since that date and, therefore, current estimates of fair value may differ significantly
from the amounts presented herein. 

Generally accepted accounting principles used in the
United States establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimizes
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure
fair value. 

The three broad levels of hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1    Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

Level 2    Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices,
such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3    Unobservable inputs that are supported by
little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities
include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques,
as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. 

Those assets as of September 30, 2016 which are to
be measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows: 

Those assets as of September 30, 2015 which are measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows: 

Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis;
that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain
circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The Company measures impaired loans and real estate owned at
fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

Impaired Loans   

Collateral dependent impaired loans are based on the fair value
of the collateral which is based on appraisals and would be categorized as Level 2 measurement. In some cases, adjustments are
made to the appraised values for various factors including the age of the appraisal, age of the comparable included in the appraisal,
and known changes in the market and in the collateral. These adjustments are based upon unobservable inputs, and therefore, the
fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level 3 measurement. These loans are reviewed for impairment and written down
to their net realizable value by charges against the allowance for loan losses. The collateral underlying these loans had a fair
value of $19.4 million and $16.8 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Real Estate Owned   

 Once an asset is determined to be uncollectible, the underlying
collateral is generally repossessed and reclassified to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets. These repossessed assets
are carried at the lower of cost or fair value of the collateral, based on independent appraisals, less cost to sell and would
be categorized as Level 2 measurement. In some cases, adjustments are made to the appraised values for various factors including
age of the appraisal, age of the comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market and in the collateral.
Thus the evaluations are based upon unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level
3 measurement. 

Summary of Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements  

The following tables provide information describing the valuation
processes used to determine nonrecurring fair value measurements categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy: 

At September 30, 2016  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Valuation    
          
     Range/  

Fair Value       
     Technique    
     Unobservable Input    
     Weighted Ave.  
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  19,429       
     Property appraisals (1) (3)    
     Management discount for selling costs, property type and market volatility (2)    
     6% to 46% discount/10%  
 
     Real estate owned    
     $  581       
     Property appraisals (1) (3)    
     Management discount for selling costs, property type and market volatility (2)    
     10% discount  

At September 30, 2015  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Valuation    
          
     Range/  

Fair Value       
     Technique    
     Unobservable Input    
     Weighted Ave.  
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  16,770       
     Property appraisals (1) (3)    
     Management discount for selling costs, property type and market volatility (2)    
     10% discount  
 
     Real estate owned    
     $  869       
     Property appraisals (1) (3)    
     Management discount for selling costs, property type and market volatility (2)    
     10% discount  

(1)  Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals
                                         of the underlying collateral, which generally includes various Level 3 inputs, which
                                         are not identifiable.   

(2)  Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors
                                         such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range and weighted
                                         average of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent
                                         of the appraisal.   

(3)  Includes qualitative adjustments by management and estimated liquidation
                                         expenses.   

The fair value amounts have been determined by the Company using
available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is necessarily required to
interpret market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or
estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   For cash
and cash equivalents, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Certificates of deposit   For certificates
of deposit, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Investments and Mortgage-Backed Securities    
 The fair value of investment securities and mortgage-backed securities is based on quoted market prices, dealer quotes, and
prices obtained from independent pricing services. 

Loans Receivable     The fair
value of loans is estimated based on present value using the current market rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers
with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The carrying value that fair value is compared to is net of
the allowance for loan losses and other associated premiums and discounts. Due to the significant judgment involved in evaluating
credit quality, loans are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Accrued Interest Receivable     For
accrued interest receivable, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) Stock     Although
FHLB stock is an equity interest in an FHLB, it is carried at cost because it does not have a readily determinable fair value
as its ownership is restricted and it lacks a market. The estimated fair value approximates the carrying amount. 

Bank Owned Life Insurance     The
fair value of bank owned life insurance is based on the cash surrender value obtained from an independent advisor that are be
derivable from observable market inputs. 

Checking Accounts, Money Market Deposit Accounts,
Passbook Accounts, Club Accounts, Statement Savings Accounts, and Certificates of Deposit     The fair value
of passbook accounts, club accounts, statement savings accounts, checking accounts, and money market deposit accounts is the amount
reported in the financial statements. The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on market rates currently offered for
deposits of similar remaining maturity. 

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank (short-term)     The
fair value of advances from FHLB is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. 

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank (long-term)     The
fair value of advances from FHLB is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. 

Accrued Interest Payable     For
accrued interest payable, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance
    For advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Interest rate swap contracts    
For interest rate swap contracts, the fair values of derivative contracts are based upon the estimated amount the Company would
receive or pay to terminate the contracts or agreements, taking into account underlying interest rates, creditworthiness of underlying
customers for credit derivatives and, when appropriate, the creditworthiness of the counterparties. 

Commitments to Extend Credit and Letters of Credit     The
majority of the Bank s commitments to extend credit and letters of credit carry current market interest rates if converted
to loans. Because commitments to extend credit and letters of credit are generally unassignable by either the Bank or the borrower,
they only have value to the Bank and the borrower. The estimated fair value approximates the recorded deferred fee amounts, which
are not significant. 

17.    PRUDENTIAL BANCORP, INC. (PARENT COMPANY ONLY)  

18.  CONSOLIDATED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

Unaudited quarterly financial data for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

Due to rounding, the sum of the earnings per share
in individual quarters may differ from reported amounts. 

19.  PENDING ACQUISITION 

On June 2, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Polonia Bancorp. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Polonia Bancorp
will merge with and into the Company (the  Merger ) and Polonia Bancorp s wholly owned subsidiary, Polonia Bank,
a federally chartered savings bank, will merge with and into the Bank. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective
time of the Merger, each outstanding share of Polonia Bancorp common stock will be converted into the right to receive, at the
election of the Polonia Bancorp shareholder (subject to certain conditions, including conditions relating to pro-ration): (i)
0.7591 of a share of Company common stock (the  Exchange Ratio ) or (ii) $11.28 in cash (the  Per Share Cash
Consideration  and collectively with the Exchange Ratio, the  Merger Consideration ). The election of shares
of Company stock or cash will be subject to pro-ration such that 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Polonia Bancorp common
stock will be exchanged for Company common stock and 50% will be exchanged for cash. Options to purchase Polonia Bancorp common
stock outstanding at the effective time of the Merger will fully vest and be exchanged for a cash payment equal to the difference,
if positive, between the Per Share Cash Consideration under the Merger Agreement and the corresponding exercise price of such
option, subject to prior receipt of any required regulatory approvals. 

The Merger Consideration is subject to adjustment
in certain limited situations. In the event that Polonia Bancorp Consolidated Stockholders  Equity, as calculated in accordance
with the terms of the Merger Agreement, is less than $37.4 million as of the Final Statement Date, as defined in the Merger Agreement,
then the Exchange Ratio and the Per Share Cash Consideration will be adjusted downward to reflect the amount of the difference
between $37.4 million and the Polonia Bancorp Consolidated Stockholders  Equity. The Merger Consideration is subject to potential
upward adjustment to reflect the after-tax impact of certain recoveries experienced by Polonia Bancorp, if any, achieved prior
to the Final Statement Date as specified in the Merger Agreement. In such situation, the Exchange Ratio and the Per Share Cash
Consideration, as they may have been adjusted downward as noted above, will be correspondingly adjusted to reflect the amount of
such after-tax recoveries. 

Item 9.   
       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    

Not Applicable. 

Item 9A.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . Management evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
as of September 30, 2016. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
the disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and regulations and are operating in an effective manner. 

Management's Report of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . Management is responsible for designing, implementing, documenting, and maintaining an adequate system
of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. An adequate system
of internal control over financial reporting encompasses the processes and procedures that have been established by management
to: 

maintain records that accurately reflect the Company's transactions;   

prepare financial statement and footnote disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP that can be relied upon by external users;
and   

prevent and detect unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements.   

Management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation under the criteria
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as
of September 30, 2016. Furthermore, during the conduct of its assessment, management identified no material weakness in its financial
reporting control system. 

The Board of Directors of Prudential Bancorp,
through its Audit Committee, provides oversight to managements' conduct of the financial reporting process. The Audit Committee,
which is composed entirely of independent directors, is also responsible for the appointment of the independent registered public
accounting firm. The Audit Committee also meets with management, the internal audit staff, and the independent registered public
accounting firm throughout the year to provide assurance as to the adequacy of the financial reporting process and to monitor the
overall scope of the work performed by the internal audit staff and the independent public accountants. 

Because of its inherent limitations, the
disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

SR Snodgrass, P.C. a registered public accounting
firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as stated in their report
which is included in Item 8 hereof. 

/s/Dennis Pollack  
       
      /s/Jack E. Rothkopf    
 
      Dennis Pollack  
       
      Jack E. Rothkopf   
 
      President and Chief Executive Officer  
       
      Senior Vice President,   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting . No change in the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal 2016 that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information  

Not applicable. 

PART III  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the sections captioned  Information with Respect to Nominees for Director, Continuing Directors and Executive
Officers  and  Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management   Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be held on February 23, 2017, is expected to be which filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about January17,
2016 ( Definitive Proxy Statement ). 

The Company has adopted a code of ethics
policy, which applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, as well as
its directors and employees generally. The Company will provide a copy of its code of ethics to any person, free of charge, upon
request. Any requests for a copy should be made to the shareholder relations administrator, Prudential Bancorp, Inc., 1834 West
Oregon Avenue, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19145. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics is available at the Company s
website at  www.prudentialsavingsbank.com  under the Investor Relations menu. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the sections captioned  Management Compensation  and  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation  in the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management . Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated
by reference to  Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  in the Definitive
Proxy Statement. 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information . The following table provides information as of September 30, 2016 with respect to shares of common stock
that may be issued under the existing equity compensation plans, which consist of the 2008 Stock Option Plan, the 2008 Recognition
and Retention Plan and the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, all of which were approved by the Company s shareholders. The share
amounts set forth below with respect to the 2008 Stock Option Plan and the 2008 Recognition and Retention Plan have been adjusted
for the exchange of shares in connection with the second-step conversion completed on October 9, 2013, at an exchange ratio of
0.9442 of Company common stock for each share of Old Prudential Bancorp held by other than the MHC. 

Plan Category    
     Number of securities to be  issued upon exercise of  outstanding options, warrants  and rights  (a)       
     Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (b)       
     Number of securities remaining  available for future issuance  under equity compensation plans  (excluding securities  
reflected in column (a))  (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        1,094,697  (1)    
     $  11.75  (1)    
        336,229     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        --       
        -----       
        --     
 
     Total    
        1,094,697       
     $  11.75       
        336,229     

___________________     

(1)  Includes 172,788 shares subject to restricted stock grants
which were not vested as of September 30, 2016. The weighted average exercise price excludes such restricted stock grants. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the sections captioned  Management Compensation   Related Party Transactions  and  Information
with Respect to Nominees for Director, Continuing Directors and Executive Officers  in the Definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

The information required herein is incorporated
by reference from the section captioned  Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Proposal
Three)   Audit Fees  in the Definitive Proxy Statement. 

PART IV  

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

(a)  Documents Filed as Part of this Report. 

(1)  The following financial statements are incorporated by
reference from Item 8 hereof: 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition   

Consolidated Statements of Operations  

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (loss)  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

(2)  All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulation of the SEC are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. 

(3)  The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K,
and this list includes the Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No.   
       Description    
 
      3.1  
      Articles of Incorporation of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (1)   
 
      3.2  
      Bylaws of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (1)   
 
      4.0  
      Form of Stock Certificate of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (1)   

*   
 
      10.1  
      Amended and Restated Post Retirement Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Joseph W. Packer, Jr. (2)*   
 
      10.2  
      Amended
    and Restated Split-Dollar Collateral Assignment with Joseph W. Packer, Jr. and Diane B. Packer (2)*   
 
      10.3  
      Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Collateral Assignment with Joseph W. Packer,    Jr. (2)*   
 
      10.4  
      Amendment No. 1 to Split-Dollar Agreement between the Bank and Joseph W.    Packer, Jr. (2)*   
 
      10.5  
      Settlement Agreement, dated November 7, 2008, by and among Prudential Mutual Holding Company, Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania, Prudential Savings Bank, Stilwell Value Partners, I, L.P., Stilwell Partners L.P., Stilwell Value LLC, Joseph Stilwell and John Stilwell (3)   
 
      10.6  
      Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania 2008 Stock Option Plan (4)*   
 
      10.7  
      Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania 2008 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement (4)*   
 
      10.8  
      Amendment No.2 to Split-Dollar Agreement between the Bank and Joseph W. Packer, Jr.*(5)   
 
      10.9  
      Endorsement Split Dollar Insurance Agreement, dated August 28, 2012, between Joseph Corrato and Prudential Savings Bank (6)*   
 
      10.10  
      Endorsement Split Dollar Insurance Agreement dated August 29, 2012 between Jack Rothkopf and Prudential Savings Bank (6)*   
 
      10.11  
      Transition Agreement by and among Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania, Prudential Savings Bank, Prudential Mutual Holding Company, PSB Delaware, Inc. and Joseph W. Packer, Jr. dated as of April 18, 2012 (7)*   

10.12  
      Employment Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Jack Rothkopf (8)*   
 
      10.13  
      Endorsement Split Dollar Insurance Agreement dated May 14, 2014 between Jeffrey T. Hanuscin and Prudential Savings Bank (9)*   
 
      10.14  
      Amendment No.1 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Jack E. Rothkopf  (10)*   
 
      10.15  
      Severance
    Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Anthony V. Migliorino (11)*   
 
      10.16  
      Severance
    Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Jeffrey T. Hanuscin  (12)*  
 
      10.17  
      Amendment
    No. 1 to the Severance Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Jeffrey T. Hanuscin (13)*   
 
      10.18  
      2014
    Stock Incentive Plan (14)*   
 
      10.19  
      Severance
    Agreement between Prudential Savings Bank and Jack E. Rothkopf (14)*   
 
      10.20  
      Separation Agreement between Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Prudential Savings Bank and Joseph R. Corrato (16)*   
 
      10.21  
      Employment Agreement between Prudential Bancorp, Inc., Prudential Savings Bank and Dennis Pollack (17)*   
 
     23.1 
     Consent of Independent registered public accounting firm  
 
      31.1  
      Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer   
 
      31.2  
      Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer   
 
      32.0  
      Section 906 Certification    
 
      101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document.   
 
      101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   
 
      101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.    
 
      101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document.   

*   Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) hereof. 

(b)  Exhibits 

The exhibits listed under (a)(3) of this Item
15 are filed herewith. 

(c)  Reference is made to (a)(2) of this Item 15. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Prudential Bancorp, Inc.    

December 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/Dennis Pollack   

Dennis Pollack   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Dennis Pollack 
       
     December 14, 2016  

Dennis Pollack 

Director, President and Chief Executive President 

/s/ Jack E. Rothkopf 
       
     December 14, 2016  

Jack E. Rothkopf 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 

Chief Accounting Officer 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 t1600788_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration
Statement Nos. 333-191694, 333-191761 and 333-209118 on Form S-8 of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. of our reports dated December 14,
2016, relating to our audits of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, which are
incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

/s/ SR Snodgrass, P.C. 

Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 

 December 14, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 t1600788_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE   

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Dennis Pollack, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (the  Registrant ); 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2016 
     /s/Dennis Pollack  

Dennis Pollack  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 t1600788_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE  

  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Jack E. Rothkopf, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (the  Registrant ); 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2016 
     /s/ Jack E. Rothkopf  

Jack E. Rothkopf  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial  

Officer and Chief Accounting Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 5
 t1600788_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

EXHIBIT 32.0  

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATIONS   

In connection with the
Annual Report of Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2016 ( the
Report ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I, the undersigned, Dennis Pollack, President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and Jack E. Rothkopf, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the
Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  December 14, 2016  
      /s/ Dennis Pollack   

Dennis Pollack   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  December 14, 2016  
      /s/Jack E. Rothkopf   

Jack E. Rothkopf   

Senior Vice President,   

Chief Financial Officer and   

Chief Accounting Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act has been provided to Prudential Bancorp, Inc. and will be retained by Prudential
Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pbip-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pbip-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pbip-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pbip-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pbip-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pbip-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

