<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1617572_0001144204-16-133996_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>248966</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101174</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>124945</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133996.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114135017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133996
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freedom Capital Corp/MD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001617572
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01137
		FILM NUMBER:		161993389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 14 STREET NORTH, SUITE 300
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-259-8204

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 14 STREET NORTH, SUITE 300
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133996.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452838_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September
30, 2016   

OR   

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                     
TO                        

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 814-01137   

Freedom Capital Corporation  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)   

Maryland   
       
       47-1709055    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

(703) 259-8204  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
      x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

There were 11,111 shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of November 14, 2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    
 
        PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
     3  

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016  (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     3  

Unaudited Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015    
     4  

Unaudited Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     5  

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
     6  
 
      ITEM 2.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     12  
 
      ITEM 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     24  
 
      ITEM 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     24  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     24  
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
     25  
 
      ITEM 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
     25  
 
      ITEM 3.  
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
     25  
 
      ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     25  
 
      ITEM 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
     25  
 
      ITEM 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
     26  

SIGNATURES   
     27  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
         Financial Statements.     

Freedom Capital Corporation 

 Balance Sheets 

See
notes to financial statements   

Freedom Capital Corporation 

 Unaudited Statements of Operations 

See
notes to financial statements   

Freedom Capital Corporation 

 Unaudited Statements of Changes in
Net Assets 

See
notes to financial statements   

Freedom Capital Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Principal Business and Organization 

Freedom
Capital Corporation (the  Company ), was incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of Maryland
on June 19, 2014 and will commence operations upon raising $1.0 million (the  Minimum Offering Requirement ),
pursuant to an offering to sell up to $500,000,000 in shares of common stock at an initial offering price of $10.00 per share
by June 30, 2017. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) declared the Company s
registration statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No. 333-202461) (the  Registration Statement ) for this offering
effective on September 9, 2015. On September 14, 2016, the Company extended the time by which it could achieve the Minimum
Offering Requirement from September 14, 2016 to June 30, 2017. As of September 14, 2016, the Company had not accepted any
subscriptions from investors or placed any investor funds into the escrow account maintained by UMB Bank, N.A. (the
 Escrow Agent ). As of September 30, 2016, the Minimum Offering Requirement had not been achieved. The investment
adviser of the Company is Freedom Capital Investment Advisors LLC ( Freedom Capital Investment Advisors ).
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors is an unregistered private investment advisory firm that intends to register as an
investment adviser with the SEC at such time as it has at least $25 million in assets under management. Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors is an affiliate of the Company.  

The Company
is offering for sale a maximum of $500,000,000 in shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, at an initial public offering
price of $10.00 per share (including the maximum allowed to be charged for commissions and fees), on a  best efforts 
basis, pursuant to the Registration Statement (the  Offering ) filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ).  

The Company
is an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business
development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ), and
that intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated
investment company ( RIC ), under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).  

The Company
was not operational as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016. Therefore, no trading activity had taken place.  

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation : The accompanying unaudited financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and
Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal and recurring adjustments, considered necessary
for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.  

The balance
sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the
information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The information included in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31, 2015 and related notes thereto set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 18,
2016.  

The Company
believes the significant accounting policies described below affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of its financial statements. Accordingly, the policies described below are the policies that the Company believes are and will
be the most critical to fully understanding and evaluating the Company s historical financial condition and results of operations.  

Use
of Estimates : The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Statement
of Cash Flows:  The Company has elected not to provide statements of cash flows as permitted by FASB ASC 230,  Statement of
Cash Flows . As of and for the period ended September 30, 2016, the Company held no investments, the Company carried no debt
and the Company s financial statements include a statement of changes in net assets.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents : The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. The Company s cash and cash equivalents are maintained with a high credit quality financial institution,
which is a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  

Valuation
of Portfolio Investment s: The Company intends to determine the net asset value of its investment portfolio each quarter. Securities
that are publicly-traded will be valued at the reported closing price on the valuation date. Securities that are not publicly-traded
will be valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors. In connection with that determination,
the Company expects that Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will provide the Company s board of directors with portfolio
company valuations which are based on relevant inputs, including, but not limited to, indicative dealer quotes, values of like
securities, recent portfolio company financial statements and forecasts, and valuations prepared by third-party valuation services.  

Organization
Costs : Organization costs include, among other things, the cost of incorporating, including the cost of legal services and
other fees pertaining to the Company s organization. These costs are expensed as incurred. For the period from June 19, 2014
(Inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company incurred organization costs of $46,064, which were funded on behalf of the Company
by Freedom Capital Investment Management LLC ( FCIM ), an affiliate of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors. Organization
costs, together with offering costs, are limited to 1.5% of total proceeds raised (the  Limit ) and are not due and
payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors to the extent they exceed that amount. The Company recorded the maximum amount payable
under the Limit of $1,500 at December 31, 2014 and accordingly, the Company has recorded $0 of organizational costs on the accompanying
statement of operations in 2016 and 2015. To the extent the Company is unable to raise sufficient capital such that the expenses
paid by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or its affiliates on behalf of the Company are more than 1.5% of total proceeds at
the end of the Offering, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will forfeit the right to reimbursement of those costs (see Note 3).  

Offering
Costs : The Company s offering costs include, among other things, legal fees and other costs pertaining to the preparation
of the Company s Registration Statement relating to the Offering. Once the Company achieves the Minimum Offering Requirement,
these costs will be capitalized and amortized as an expense on a straight-line basis over a twelve month period. During the period
from June 19, 2014 (Inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company had incurred offering costs of $1,695,109, which were funded
on behalf of the Company by FCIM. Offering costs, together with organization costs, are limited to 1.5% of total proceeds raised
and are not due and payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors to the extent they exceed that amount. No offering costs have
been recorded on the accompanying balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 since the aggregate amount of organization and offering
costs exceeds the Limit (see Note 3).  

Income
Taxes : The Company intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter,
as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify for and maintain its qualification as a RIC, the Company must, among other
things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and distribute to its stockholders, for each taxable
year, at least 90% of its  investment company taxable income,  which is generally the Company s net ordinary
income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses. As a RIC,
the Company will not have to pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any income that it distributes to its stockholders. The
Company intends to make distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain its RIC status each year and to avoid any federal income
taxes on income. The Company will also be subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute at least 98%
of net ordinary income, 98.2% of any capital gain net income, if any, and any recognized and undistributed income from prior years
for which it paid no federal income taxes.  

Uncertainty
in Income Taxes : The Company evaluates its tax positions to determine if the tax positions taken meet the minimum recognition
threshold in connection with accounting for uncertainties in income tax positions taken or expected to be taken for the purposes
of measuring and recognizing tax benefits or liabilities in the financial statements. Recognition of a tax benefit or liability
with respect to an uncertain tax position is required only when the position is  more likely than not  to be sustained
assuming examination by taxing authorities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes
interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense in the statement of operations. During
the period from January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016, the Company did not incur any interest or penalties.  

Distributions :
Distributions to the Company s stockholders will be recorded as of the record date. Subject to the discretion of the Company s
board of directors and applicable legal restrictions, the Company intends to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions
on a monthly or quarterly basis and pay such distributions on either a monthly or quarterly basis. Net realized capital gains,
if any, will be distributed or deemed distributed at least annually.  

Note 3. Related Party Transactions 

Compensation of Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors   

The Company
has entered into an investment advisory and administrative services agreement with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors that will
become effective upon achieving the Minimum Offering Requirement. Payments for investment advisory services under such investment
advisory and administrative services agreement in future periods will be equal to (a) an annual base management fee of 2.0%
of the Company s average monthly gross assets and (b) an incentive fee based on the Company s performance.  

The incentive
fee consists of two parts. The first part, referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, will be calculated and payable
quarterly in arrears, will equal 20.0% of the Company s  pre-incentive fee net investment income  for the immediately
preceding quarter and will be subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital, as defined in the investment
advisory and administrative services agreement, equal to 1.375% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 5.5%. As a result,
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until the Company s pre-incentive fee
net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.375%. Once the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment
income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will be entitled to a  catch-up 
fee equal to the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until the Company s
pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 1.71875% of adjusted capital, or 6.875% annually. This  catch-up 
feature allows Freedom Capital Investment Advisors to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate.
Thereafter, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will receive 20.0% of pre-incentive fee net investment income.  

The second
part of the incentive fee, referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, will be determined and payable in arrears as of the
end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory and administrative services agreement). This fee will
equal 20.0% of the Company s incentive fee capital gains, which will equal the Company s realized capital gains on
a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses
and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive
fees. The Company will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee, which, if earned, will be paid annually. The Company will accrue
the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the investment advisory
and administrative services agreement entered into with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, the fee payable to Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors will be based on realized gains and no such fee will be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and
until such gains are actually realized.  

While
the investment advisory and administrative services agreement with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors neither includes nor contemplates
the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant to an interpretation of an American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or AICPA, Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, the Company will include
unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee expense and related capital gains incentive fee payable.
This accrual will reflect the incentive fees that would be payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors as if the Company s
entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of each balance sheet date even though Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
will not be entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized.  

The Company
will reimburse Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for expenses necessary for its performance of services related to the Company s
administration and operations. The amount of the reimbursement will be the lesser of (1) Freedom Capital Investment Advisors 
actual costs incurred in providing such services and (2) the amount that the Company estimates it would be required to pay
alternative service providers for comparable services in the same geographic location. Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will
be required to allocate the cost of such services to the Company based on objective factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations
and/or other reasonable metrics. The Company s board of directors will then assess the reasonableness of such reimbursements
based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services as compared to the estimated cost to the Company of obtaining similar
services from third-party service providers known to be available. In addition, the Company s board of directors will consider
whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost and quality.  

FCIM
has funded the Company s offering costs and organization costs in the amount of $1,741,173 for the period from June 19, 2014
(Inception) to September 30, 2016. Currently, the cumulative aggregate amount of $1,741,173 of organization and offering costs
exceeds 1.5% of total proceeds raised. Accordingly, the Company recorded $1,500 of organizational costs payable on the accompanying
balance sheets, which is payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors. To the extent the Company is unable to raise sufficient
capital such that the expenses paid by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or its affiliates on behalf of the Company are more
than 1.5% of total proceeds at the end of the Offering, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will forfeit the right to reimbursement
of the remaining $1,739,673 of these costs.  

Under
the investment advisory and administrative services agreement between the Company and Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, there
will be no liability on the Company s part for the offering or organization costs funded by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
or its affiliates until the Company has met the Minimum Offering Requirement. At such time, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
will be entitled to receive 1.5% of gross proceeds raised in the Offering until all offering costs and organization costs listed
above and any future offering or organization costs incurred have been recovered. The minimum reimbursement to Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors for such fees is expected to be $15,000 assuming the Minimum Offering Requirement is satisfied.  

Capital Contribution by
FCIM   

FCIM
has contributed an aggregate of $100,000 to purchase approximately 11,111 shares of common stock at $9.00 per share, which represents
the initial public offering price of $10.00 per share, net of selling commissions and dealer manager fees. FCIM will not tender
these shares of common stock for repurchase as long as FCIM remains an affiliate of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors.  

Expense
Reimbursement   

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the  Expense Reimbursement Agreement ),
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors has agreed to reimburse the Company for expenses in an amount that is sufficient to ensure
that (i) no portion of the Company s distributions to stockholders will be paid from its offering proceeds or borrowings
and/or (ii) to reduce the Company s operating expenses until it has achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that
it bears a reasonable level of expenses in relation to its investment income. However, because certain investments the Company
makes, including preferred and common equity investments, may generate distributions to it that are treated for tax purposes as
a return of capital, a portion of these distributions to stockholders may exceed the Company s earnings and also be deemed
to constitute a return of capital for tax purposes. Under those circumstances, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will not reimburse
the Company for the portion of such distributions to stockholders that represent a return of capital for tax purposes, as the purpose
of the Expense Reimbursement Agreement is not to prevent tax-advantaged distributions to stockholders.  

Pursuant
to the Expense Reimbursement Agreement, the Company will have a conditional obligation to reimburse Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors for any amounts funded by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors under such agreement if (and only to the extent that), during
any fiscal quarter occurring within three years of the date on which Freedom Capital Investment Advisors funded such amount, the
sum of the Company s net investment company taxable income, net capital gains and the amount of any dividends and other distributions
paid to the Company on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies (to the extent not included in
net investment company taxable income or net capital gains) exceeds the distributions paid by the Company to stockholders; provided,
however, that (i) the Company will only reimburse Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for expense support payments made by Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors to the extent that the payment of such reimbursement (together with any other reimbursement paid during
such fiscal year) does not cause  other operating expenses  (as defined below) (on an annualized basis and net of any
expense reimbursement payments received by the Company during such fiscal year) to exceed the lesser of (A) 1.75% of the Company s
average net assets attributable to shares of the Company s common stock for the fiscal year-to-date period after taking such
payments into account and (B) the percentage of the Company s average net assets attributable to shares of the Company s
common stock represented by  other operating expenses  during the fiscal year in which such expense support payment
from Freedom Capital Investment Advisors was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) shall not apply to any reimbursement
payment which relates to an expense support payment from Freedom Capital Investment Advisors made during the same fiscal year)
and (ii) the Company will not reimburse Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for expense support payments made by Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors if the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time of such reimbursement
payment is less than the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors made the expense support payment to which such reimbursement relates.  Other operating expenses  means the
Company s total  operating expenses  (as defined below), excluding base management fees, incentive fees, organization
and offering expenses, financing fees and costs, interest expense, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses.  Operating
expenses  means all operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with GAAP, for investment companies.  

The Company
or Freedom Capital Investment Advisors may terminate the Expense Reimbursement Agreement at any time. Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors has indicated that it expects to continue such reimbursements until it deems that the Company has achieved economies of
scale sufficient to ensure that the Company bears a reasonable level of expenses in relation to the Company s income.  

The specific
amount of expenses reimbursed by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, if any, will be determined at the end of each quarter. Upon
termination of the Expense Reimbursement Agreement by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
will be required to fund any amounts accrued thereunder as of the date of termination and will not be eligible for reimbursement
of such amounts. Similarly, the Company s conditional obligation to reimburse Freedom Capital Investment Advisors pursuant
to the terms of the Expense Reimbursement Agreement shall survive the termination of such agreement by either party.  

Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors is controlled by the Company s chairman, president and chief executive officer, Jeffrey McClure.
There can be no assurance that the Expense Reimbursement Agreement will remain in effect or that Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
will reimburse any portion of the Company s expenses in future quarters.  

Note 4. Share Repurchase Program 

Beginning
with the first full calendar quarter following the one year anniversary of the date that the Company achieves the Minimum Offering
Requirement, and on a quarterly basis thereafter, the Company intends to offer to repurchase shares on such terms as may be determined
by the Company s board of directors in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the independent directors
of the Company s board of directors, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of the Company s stockholders
or would violate applicable law. The Company will conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and the 1940 Act. In months in which the Company
repurchases shares, it will generally conduct repurchases on the same date that it holds its first monthly closing for the sale
of shares in the Offering. Any offer to repurchase shares will be conducted solely through tender offer materials mailed to each
stockholder.  

The Company s
board of directors will also consider the following factors, among others, in making its determination regarding whether to cause
the Company to offer to repurchase shares and under what terms:  

the effect of such repurchases on the Company s qualification as a RIC (including the
consequences of any necessary asset sales);    

the liquidity of the Company s assets (including fees and costs associated with disposing
of assets);    

the Company s investment plans and working capital requirements;    

the relative economies of scale with respect to the Company s size;    

the Company s history in repurchasing shares or portions thereof; and    

the condition of the securities markets.    

The Company
currently intends to limit the number of shares to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares it can repurchase
with the proceeds it receives from the sale of shares under its distribution reinvestment plan. At the discretion of the Company s
board of directors, the Company may also use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of securities
investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares. In addition, the Company will limit the number of shares
to be repurchased in any calendar year to 10.0% of the number of shares outstanding in the prior calendar year, or 2.5% at the
end of the prior quarter, though the actual number of shares that the Company offers to repurchase may be less in light of the
limitations noted above. The Company intends to offer to repurchase such shares at a price equal to 90% of the offering price in
effect on each date of repurchase. In months in which the Company repurchases shares pursuant to its share repurchase program,
it expects to conduct repurchases on the same date that it holds its first monthly closing for the sale of shares in the Offering.
The Company s board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program, upon 30 days  notice.  

Note 5. Economic Dependency 

Under
various agreements, the Company has engaged or will engage Freedom Capital Investment Advisors and its affiliates to provide certain
services that are essential to the Company, including asset management services, asset acquisition and disposition decisions, the
sale of shares of the Company available for issue, as well as other administrative responsibilities for the Company including accounting
services and investor relations.  

As a
result of these relationships, the Company is dependent upon Freedom Capital Investment Advisors and its affiliates. In the event
that these companies are unable to provide the Company with the respective services, the Company will be required to find alternative
providers of these services.  

Note 6. Subsequent Events 

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events from September 30, 2016 through the date the financial statements were available to be issued,
November 14, 2016, and has determined that there are no items to disclose, except for the following.  

On
October 12, 2016, FCIM entered into a letter agreement (the  Letter Agreement ) with First Capital Real Estate
Investments, LLC ( First Capital ), whereby First Capital agreed to cover specified obligations of FCIM and
Democracy Funding LLC ( Democracy Funding ), the Company s affiliated dealer manager in the Offering,
including expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, in exchange for a non-controlling ownership interest in FCIM and
Democracy Funding. The Letter Agreement also states that First Capital will provide broker-dealer personnel to Democracy
Funding, subject to such personnel passing customary and appropriate background and due diligence checks conducted by
Democracy Funding, to assist the Company in raising capital in the Offering. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, First Capital
was granted the option to acquire a controlling interest in FCIM and Democracy Funding upon the occurrence of certain
specified events, including, but not limited to, continuing compliance with the terms of the Letter Agreement for six (6)
months following the date the Letter Agreement was executed. First Capital is not otherwise affiliated with the Company,
FCIM or Democracy Funding.  

On November
9, 2016, the Company executed the Amended and Restated Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. See Note 3,  Related
Party Transactions Expense Reimbursement  for a description of the Amended and Restated Expense Support and Conditional
Reimbursement Agreement.  

Item 2.        Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   

The information contained in this section
should be read in conjunction with our interim and unaudited financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere
in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In this report,  we,   us,  and  our  refer to Freedom
Capital Corporation. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Some of the statements in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial
condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties, including
statements as to: 

our future operating results;   

our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest;   

the impact of the investments that we expect to make;   

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   

our expected financings and investments;   

the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital;   

the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies;   

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;   

actual and potential conflicts of interest with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, a sub-adviser, if any, or any of their
affiliates;   

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest;   

our use of financial leverage;   

the ability of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our
investments;   

the ability of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals;   

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC and as a BDC;   

the impact on our business of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations issued thereunder;   

the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and   

the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest.   

In addition, words such as  anticipate 
 believe   expect  and  intend  indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking
statements include these words. 

The forward-looking statements contained
in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied
or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include: 

changes in the economy;   

risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism or natural disasters;
and   

future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas.   

We have based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to us on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that
we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in other periodic reports we file under the Exchange Act are excluded from the safe harbor protection
provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 

Overview  

We
were incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of Maryland on June 19, 2014 and will commence
operations upon raising $1.0 million (the  Minimum Offering Requirement ), pursuant to an offering to sell up
to $500,000,000 in shares of common stock at an initial offering price of $10.00 per share by June 30, 2017. The U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) declared our registration statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No.
333-202461) (the  Registration Statement ) for this offering effective on September 9, 2015. On September 14,
2016, we  extended the time by which we can achieve the Minimum Offering Requirement from September 14, 2016 to June 30,
2017. As of September 14, 2016, we had not accepted any subscriptions from investors or placed any investor funds into
the escrow account maintained by UMB Bank, N.A. (the  Escrow Agent ). As of September 30, 2016, the Minimum
Offering Requirement had not been achieved. Our investment adviser is Freedom Capital Investment Advisors LLC ( Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors ). Freedom Capital Investment Advisors is an unregistered private investment advisory firm
that intends to register as an investment adviser with the SEC at such time as it has at least $25 million in assets under
management. Freedom Capital Investment Advisors is an affiliate of the Company.  

We are
an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business
development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ), and
that intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated
investment company ( RIC ), under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).  

Our investment activities will be managed by Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors and supervised by our board of directors, a majority of whom are independent. Under our investment advisory
and administrative services agreement, we have agreed to pay Freedom Capital Investment Advisors an annual base management fee
based on our average monthly gross assets as well as incentive fees based on our performance. 

We intend to initially screen potential investments
based upon the Patriotic Responsible Investing principles outlined in the following paragraph. Using subjective analysis, we will
determine if a potential investment sufficiently meets the threshold to be an investment according to Patriotic Responsible Investing
principles. Once this threshold is met, we will make investments based upon a fundamental financial analysis of each particular
investment opportunity. 

Patriotic Responsible Investing seeks
to direct capital investment towards entities that through their commercial endeavors provide for and enhance the sovereign and
economic security and freedom of the United States and its allies. Entities that fit within the Patriotic Responsible Investing
framework typically provide the United States and its allies one or more of the following benefits: (i) independence from foreign
political and economic coercion, (ii) freedom to pursue constitutionally protected activities, (iii) protection from foreign state
sponsored and private acts of terror, (iv) ability to obtain data and intelligence to defeat acts of war, terror or aggression,
(v) defense against acts of war and aggression, and (vi) facilitation of a democratic economy where capital is allocated without
undue social or bureaucratic intervention. 

Our investment objectives are to
generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. 

In accordance with the Patriotic Responsible
Investing principles, we have identified and intend to focus on the following six investment categories, which we believe will
allow us to generate an attractive total return with an acceptable level of risk. 

Originated/Proprietary Transactions :
We define proprietary investments as any investment originated or structured specifically for us or made by us that was not generally
available to the broader market. Proprietary investments may include both debt and equity components. We believe proprietary transactions
may offer attractive investment opportunities as they typically offer higher returns than broadly syndicated transactions. 

Anchor Orders : In addition
to proprietary transactions, we intend to invest in certain opportunities that are originated and then syndicated by a commercial
or investment bank but where we provide a capital commitment significantly above the average syndicate participant. Our decision
to provide an anchor order to a syndicated transaction will be predicated on a rigorous credit analysis, our familiarity with a
particular company, industry or financial sponsor, and the broader investment experiences of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
and any sub-adviser. In these types of investments, we may receive fees, preferential pricing or other benefits not available to
other lenders in return for our significant capital commitment. 

Event Driven : We intend to
take advantage of dislocations that arise in the markets due to an impending event and where the market s apparent expectation
of value differs substantially from our fundamental analysis. Such events may include a looming debt maturity or default, a merger,
spin-off or other corporate reorganization, an adverse regulatory or legal ruling, or a material contract expiration, any of which
may significantly improve or impair a company s financial position. Compared to other investment strategies, event driven
investing depends more heavily on our ability to successful predict the outcome of an individual event than on underlying macroeconomic
fundamentals. As a result, successful event driven strategies may offer both substantial diversification benefits and the ability
to generate performance in uncertain market environments. 

Opportunistic : We intend to seek to
capitalize on market price inefficiencies by investing in loans, bonds and other securities where the market price of such investment
reflects a lower value than deemed warranted by our fundamental analysis. We believe that market price inefficiencies may occur
due to, among other things, general dislocations in the markets, a misunderstanding by the market of a particular company or an
industry being out of favor with the broader investment community. We will seek to allocate capital to these securities that have
been misunderstood or mispriced by the market and where we believe there is an opportunity to earn an attractive return on our
investment. 

Collateralized Securities : CLOs are
a form of securitization where the cash flow from a pooled basket of syndicated loans is used to support distribution payments
made to different tranches of securities. While collectively CLOs represent nearly fifty percent of the broadly syndicated loan
universe, investing in individual CLO tranches requires a high degree of investor sophistication due to their structural complexity
and the illiquid nature of their securities. 

Broadly Syndicated/Other : Although
our primary focus will be to invest in proprietary transactions, in certain circumstances we will also invest in the broadly syndicated
loan and high yield markets. Broadly syndicated loans and bonds are generally more liquid than our proprietary investments and
provide a complement to our more illiquid proprietary strategies. In addition, and because we typically receive more attractive
financing terms on these positions than we do on our less liquid assets, we are able to leverage the broadly syndicated portion
of our portfolio in such a way that maximizes the levered return potential of our portfolio. 

We anticipate that our portfolio
will be comprised of investments at all levels of private company capital structure, including senior secured loans, second lien
secured loans, subordinated loans and common and preferred equity of private U.S. small and middle-market companies. We may purchase
interests through secondary market transactions in the  over-the-counter  market for institutional loans or directly
from our target companies as primary market investments. We may also purchase minority interests in the form of common or preferred
equity in our target companies, either directly or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor, such as an institutional investor
or private equity firm. In addition, a portion of our portfolio may be comprised of corporate bonds, unsecured loans, CLOs and
other debt securities. However, such investments are not expected to comprise a significant portion of our portfolio. Once we raise
a significant amount of proceeds from our offering, we expect that our investments will generally range between $2 million and
$15 million each, although investments may vary proportionately with the size of our capital base and will ultimately be made at
the discretion of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, subject to oversight by our board of directors. Prior to raising significant
amounts of capital, we may make smaller investments due to liquidity constraints. 

Revenues   

We plan to generate revenues in the
form of interest income on the debt investments we hold. We may also generate revenues in the form of dividends and other distributions
on the equity or other securities we may hold. In addition, we may generate revenues in the form of commitment, closing, origination,
structuring or diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, consulting fees, prepayment fees and
performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in connection with our investments will be recognized as earned. 

Expenses   

Our primary operating expenses
will be the payment of advisory fees and other expenses under the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, interest
expense from financing facilities, if any, and other expenses necessary for our operations. Our investment advisory fee will compensate
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, executing, monitoring and servicing our
investments. 

We will reimburse Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors for expenses necessary to perform services related to our administration and operations. Such services will include the
provision of general ledger accounting, fund accounting, legal services, investor relations and other administrative services.
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors also performs, or oversees the performance of, our corporate operations and required administrative
services, which includes being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports for
our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors assists us in calculating our
net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders,
and generally overseeing the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to
us by others. The amount of this reimbursement will be the lesser of (1) Freedom Capital Investment Advisors  actual costs
incurred in providing such services and (2) the amount that we estimate we would be required to pay alternative service providers
for comparable services in the same geographic location. Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will be required to allocate the cost
of such services to us based on objective factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. Our
board of directors will assess the reasonableness of such reimbursements based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services
as compared to the estimated cost to us of obtaining similar services from third-party service providers known to be available.
In addition, our board of directors will consider whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing
all such services at comparable cost and quality. Finally, our board of directors will compare the total amount paid to Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors for such services as a percentage of our net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable
BDCs. We will not reimburse Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for any services for which it receives a separate fee, or for rent,
depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors. 

We will bear all other expenses of our
operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: 

corporate and organization expenses relating to offerings of our common stock, subject to limitations included in the investment
advisory and administrative services agreement;   

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party pricing or valuation services;   

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities;   

investment advisory fees;   

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments, including fees and
expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments;   

interest payments on our debt or related obligations;   

research and market data (including news and quotation equipment and services, and any computer hardware and connectivity hardware(e.g.
telephone and fiber optic lines) incorporated into the cost of obtaining such research and market data);   

transfer agent, administrator and custodial fees;   

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts;   

federal and state registration fees;   

federal, state and local taxes;   

fees and expenses of directors not also serving in an executive officer capacity for us, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
or a sub-adviser, if any;                                      

costs of proxy statements, stockholders  reports, notices and other filings;   

fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums;   

direct costs such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff;   

fees and expenses associated with accounting, corporate governance, independent audits and outside legal costs;   

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities
laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;   

brokerage commissions for our investments;   

costs associated with our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer; and   

all other expenses incurred by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, a sub-adviser, if any, or us in connection with administering
our business, including expenses incurred by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or a sub-adviser, if any, in performing administrative
services for us and administrative personnel paid by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, to the extent they are not controlling
persons of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or any of its affiliates, subject to the limitations included in the investment
advisory and administrative services agreement.   

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We intend to generate cash primarily from
the net proceeds of our Offering and from cash flows from fees, interest and dividends earned from our investments as well as principal
repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. Immediately after we satisfy the Minimum Offering Requirement, gross subscription
funds will total at least $1,100,000. Subsequent to satisfying the Minimum Offering Requirement, we will sell our shares on a continuous
basis at an initial offering price of $10.00 and thereafter will accept subscriptions on a continuous basis and issue shares at
monthly closings at prices that, after deducting selling commissions and dealer manager fees, must be above our net asset value
per share. In connection with each monthly closing on the sale of shares in our Offering, our board of directors or a committee
thereof is required, within 48 hours of the time that each closing and sale is made, to make the determination that we are not
selling shares of our common stock at a price per share which, after deducting selling commissions and dealer manager fees, is
below our then-current net asset value per share. 

Prior to investing in securities of portfolio
companies, we will invest the net proceeds from our Offering and from any sales and paydowns of investments primarily in cash,
cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less
from the time of investment, consistent with our BDC election and our intention to be taxed as a RIC. 

We intend to borrow funds to make investments,
including before we have fully invested the proceeds from our Offering, to the extent we determine that additional capital would
allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced
debt financing opportunities, or if our board of directors determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interests
and the best interests of our stockholders. However, we have not currently decided whether, and to what extent, we will finance
portfolio investments using debt. We do not currently anticipate issuing any preferred stock. 

RIC Status and Distributions  

We intend to elect to be treated for federal
income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to qualify as
a RIC, we must, among other things, distribute at least 90% of our  investment company taxable income,  as defined
by the Code, each year. As long as the distributions are declared by the later of the fifteenth day of the ninth month following
the close of the taxable year or the due date of the tax return, including extensions, distributions paid up to one year after
the current tax year can be carried back to the prior tax year for determining the distributions paid in such tax year. We intend
to make sufficient distributions to our stockholders to qualify for and maintain our RIC status each year. We are also subject
to nondeductible federal excise taxes if we do not distribute at least 98% of net ordinary income, 98.2% of any capital gain net
income, if any, and any recognized and undistributed income from prior years on which we paid no federal income taxes. 

Subject to our board of directors 
discretion and applicable legal restrictions, we intend to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions on a monthly or quarterly
basis and pay such distributions on a monthly or quarterly basis beginning no later than the first calendar quarter after the month
in which the Minimum Offering Requirement is met. We will then calculate each stockholder s specific distribution amount
for the period using record and declaration dates and each stockholder s distributions will begin to accrue on the date we
accept each stockholder s subscription for shares of our common stock. From time to time, we may also pay special interim
distributions in the form of cash or common stock at the discretion of our board of directors. During certain periods, our distributions
may exceed our earnings, especially during the period before we have substantially invested the proceeds from our Offering. As
a result, it is possible that a portion of the distributions we make will represent a return of capital for tax purposes. A return
of capital generally is a return of an investor s investment rather than a return of earnings or gains derived from our investment
activities and will be made after deducting the fees and expenses payable in connection with our Offering, including any fees payable
to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors. Each year a statement on Form 1099-DIV identifying the sources of the distributions will
be mailed to our stockholders. 

We intend to make our ordinary distributions
in the form of cash out of assets legally available for distribution, unless stockholders elect to receive their distributions
in additional shares of our common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan. Any distributions reinvested under the plan
will nevertheless remain taxable to a U.S. stockholder. 

We have adopted an  opt in  distribution
reinvestment plan for our stockholders. As a result, if we make a cash distribution, our stockholders will receive distributions
in cash unless they specifically  opt in  to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distributions
reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. However, certain state authorities or regulators may impose restrictions from
time to time that may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan. 

We may fund our cash distributions to stockholders
from any sources of funds legally available to us, including offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations,
capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions
paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and expense reimbursements from Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors. We have not established limits on the amount of funds we may use from available sources to make distributions. 

Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Expense
Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the  Expense Reimbursement Agreement ), Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors has agreed to reimburse us for expenses in an amount that is sufficient to ensure that (i) no portion of our distributions
to stockholders will be paid from our offering proceeds or borrowings and/or (ii) to reduce our operating expenses until we have
achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that we bear a reasonable level of expenses in relation to our investment income.
However, because certain investments we make, including preferred and common equity investments, may generate distributions to
us that are treated for tax purposes as a return of capital, a portion of these distributions to stockholders may exceed our earnings
and also be deemed to constitute a return of capital for tax purposes. Under those circumstances, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
will not reimburse us for the portion of such distributions to stockholders that represent a return of capital for tax purposes,
as the purpose of the Expense Reimbursement Agreement is not to prevent tax-advantaged distributions to stockholders. 

We expect that for a period of time following
commencement of the Offering, which time period may be significant, substantial portions of our distributions may be funded through
the reimbursement of certain expenses by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors and its affiliates, including through the waiver of
certain investment advisory fees by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, that may be subject to repayment by us within three years.
One of the purposes of the Expense Reimbursement Agreement is to ensure that no portion of our distributions to stockholders will
be paid from offering proceeds or borrowings. Any such distributions funded through expense reimbursements or waivers of advisory
fees will not be based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in
future periods and/or Freedom Capital Investment Advisors continues to make such reimbursements or waivers of such fees. Our future
repayments of amounts reimbursed or waived by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or its affiliates will reduce the distributions
that you would otherwise receive in the future. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the performance necessary to be
able to pay distributions at a specific rate or at all. Freedom Capital Investment Advisors and its affiliates have no obligation
to waive advisory fees or otherwise reimburse expenses in future periods. 

The determination of the tax attributes of
our distributions will be made annually as of the end of each fiscal year based upon our taxable income for the full year and distributions
paid for the full year. The actual tax characteristics of distributions to stockholders will be reported to stockholders annually
on Form 1099-DIV. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our financial statements are prepared in
conformity with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting policies are those that require the application of management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. In preparing the financial statements, management will make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. In preparing the financial statements, management also will utilize
available information, including our past history, industry standards and the current economic environment, among other factors,
in forming its estimates and judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
In addition, other companies may utilize different estimates, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations to
those of companies in similar businesses. As we execute our expected operating plans, we will describe additional critical accounting
policies in the notes to our future financial statements in addition to those discussed below. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments  

We intend to determine the net asset value
of our investment portfolio each quarter. Securities that are publicly-traded will be valued at the reported closing price on the
valuation date. Securities that are not publicly-traded will be valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of
directors. In connection with that determination, we expect that Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will provide our board of
directors with portfolio company valuations which are based on relevant inputs, including, but not limited to, indicative dealer
quotes, values of like securities, recent portfolio company financial statements and forecasts, and valuations prepared by third-party
valuation services. 

Accounting Standards Codification Topic
820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure , or ASC Topic 820, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the
FASB, clarifies the definition of fair value and requires companies to expand their disclosure about the use of fair value to measure
assets and liabilities in interim and annual periods subsequent to initial recognition. ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the
price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;
Level 2, which includes inputs such as quoted prices for similar securities in active markets and quoted prices for identical securities
where there is little or no activity in the market; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data
exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. 

With respect to investments for which market
quotations are not readily available, we intend to undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

our quarterly valuation process will begin with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors  management team providing a preliminary
valuation of each portfolio company or investment to our valuation committee, which valuation may be obtained from an independent
valuation firm, if applicable;   

preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with our valuation committee;   

our valuation committee will review the preliminary valuation and Freedom Capital Investment Advisors  management team,
together with our independent valuation firm, if applicable, will respond and supplement the preliminary valuation to reflect any
comments provided by the valuation committee; and   

our board of directors will discuss valuations and will determine the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good
faith based on various statistical and other factors, including the input and recommendation of Freedom Capital Investment Advisors,
the valuation committee and any third-party valuation firm, if applicable.   

Determination of fair value involves subjective
judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our financial statements will refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible
effect of such valuations and any change in such valuations on our financial statements. Below is a description of factors that
our board of directors may consider when valuing our debt and equity investments. 

Valuation of fixed income investments,
such as loans and debt securities, depends upon a number of factors, including prevailing interest rates for like securities, expected
volatility in future interest rates, call features, put features and other relevant terms of the debt. For investments without
readily available market prices, we may incorporate these factors into discounted cash flow models to arrive at fair value. Other
factors that our board of directors may consider include the borrower s ability to adequately service its debt, the fair
market value of the portfolio company in relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt and the quality of collateral securing
our debt investments. 

For convertible debt securities, fair value
will generally approximate the fair value of the debt plus the fair value of an option to purchase the underlying security (the
security into which the debt may convert) at the conversion price. To value such an option, a standard option pricing model may
be used. 

Our equity interests in portfolio companies
for which there is no liquid public market will be valued at fair value. Our board of directors, in its analysis of fair value,
may consider various factors, such as multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, cash
flows, net income, revenues or, in limited instances, book value or liquidation value. All of these factors may be subject to adjustments
based upon the particular circumstances of a portfolio company or our actual investment position. For example, adjustments to EBITDA
may take into account compensation to previous owners or acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring or other related items. 

Our board of directors may also look to
private merger and acquisition statistics, public trading multiples discounted for illiquidity and other factors, valuations implied
by third-party investments in the portfolio companies or industry practices in determining fair value. Our board of directors may
also consider the size and scope of a portfolio company and its specific strengths and weaknesses, as well as any other factors
it deems relevant in assessing the value. Generally, the value of our equity interests in public companies for which market quotations
are readily available will be based upon the most recent closing public market price. Portfolio securities that carry certain restrictions
on sale will typically be valued at a discount from the public market value of the security. 

If we receive warrants or other equity-linked
securities at nominal or no additional cost in connection with an investment in a debt security, our board of directors will allocate
the cost basis in the investment between the debt securities and any such warrants or other equity-linked securities received at
the time of origination. Our board of directors will subsequently value these warrants or other equity-linked securities received
at fair value. 

The fair values of our investments will
be determined in good faith by our board of directors in consultation with management. Our board of directors will be solely responsible
for the valuation of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to our valuation policy and consistently
applied valuation process. We intend to value all of our Level 2 and Level 3 assets by using the midpoint of the prevailing bid
and ask prices from dealers on the date of the relevant period end provided by independent third-party pricing services and screened
for validity by such services. For investments for which the third-party pricing service is unable to obtain quoted prices, we
intend to obtain bid and ask prices directly from dealers who make a market in such investments. To the extent that we hold investments
for which no active secondary market exists and, therefore, no bid and ask prices can be readily obtained, our valuation committee
intends to utilize an independent third-party valuation service to value such investments. 

We will periodically benchmark the bid
and ask prices we receive from the third-party pricing services and/ or dealers, as applicable, and valuations received from the
third-party valuation service against the actual prices at which we purchase and sell our investments. We believe that these prices
will be reliable indicators of fair value. Our valuation committee and board of directors will review and approve the valuation
determinations made with respect to these investments in a manner consistent with our valuation process. 

Revenue Recognition  

Security transactions will be accounted
for on the trade date. We will record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts.
We will record dividend income on the ex-dividend date. We will not accrue as a receivable interest or dividends on loans and securities
if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such income. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount
will be capitalized, and we will amortize such amounts as interest income over the respective term of the loan or security. Upon
the prepayment of a loan or security, any unamortized loan origination fees and original issue discount will be recorded as fee
income. Upfront structuring fees will be recorded as income when earned. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and securities
as fee income when we receive such amounts. 

Net Realized Gains or Losses, Net Change in Unrealized
Appreciation or Depreciation and Net Change in Unrealized Gains or Losses on Foreign Currency  

Gains or losses on the sale of investments
will be calculated by using the specific identification method. We will measure realized gains or losses by the difference between
the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation
or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation
will reflect the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded
unrealized gains or losses when gains or losses are realized. Net change in unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency will
reflect the change in the value of receivables or accruals during the reporting period due to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. 

Organization Costs  

Organization costs include, among other
things, the cost of incorporating, including the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to our organization. As of September
30, 2016, we had incurred organization costs of $46,064, which were paid on our behalf by Freedom Capital Investment Management
LLC ( FCIM ). These costs are expensed as incurred but, together with offering costs, are limited to 1.5% of total
proceeds raised. To the extent we are unable to raise sufficient capital such that the expenses paid by Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors or its affiliates on our behalf are more than 1.5% of total proceeds at the end of the offering, Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors will forfeit the right to reimbursement of these costs. To date, $1,500 of these costs have been expensed. 

Offering Costs  

Our offering costs include, among other
things, legal fees and other costs pertaining to the preparation of the Registration Statement relating to the Offering. Once we
achieve the Minimum Offering Requirement these costs will be capitalized and amortized as an expense on a straight-line basis over
a twelve month period. During the period from June 19, 2014 (Inception) to September 30, 2016, we had incurred offering costs of
$1,695,109, which were paid on our behalf by FCIM. Offering costs, together with organization costs, are limited to 1.5% of total
proceeds raised. To the extent we are unable to raise sufficient capital such that the expenses paid by Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors or its affiliates on our behalf are more than 1.5% of total proceeds at the end of the Offering, Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors will forfeit the right to reimbursement of these costs. To date, we have recorded no deferred charge on our balance sheet
since the aggregate amount of organization and offering costs exceeds the limitation. 

Income Taxes  

We intend to elect to be treated for federal
income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify for and maintain
our qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and
distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of our  investment company taxable income,  which
is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term
capital losses. As a RIC, we will not have to pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our
stockholders. We intend to make distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain our RIC status each year and to avoid any federal
income taxes on income. We will also be subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if we do not distribute at least 98% of net
ordinary income, 98.2% of any capital gain net income, if any, and any recognized and undistributed income from prior years for
which we paid no federal income taxes. 

Uncertainty in Income Taxes  

We will evaluate our tax positions to determine
if the tax positions taken meet the minimum recognition threshold in connection with accounting for uncertainties in income tax
positions taken or expected to be taken for the purposes of measuring and recognizing tax benefits or liabilities in our financial
statements. Recognition of a tax benefit or liability with respect to an uncertain tax position is required only when the position
is  more likely than not  to be sustained assuming examination by taxing authorities. We will recognize interest and
penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense in our statement of operations. 

Distributions  

Distributions to our stockholders will
be recorded as of the record date. Subject to our board of directors  discretion and applicable legal restrictions, we intend
to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions on a monthly or quarterly basis and pay such distributions on a monthly or
quarterly basis. Net realized capital gains, if any, will be distributed or deemed distributed at least annually. 

Capital Gains Incentive Fee  

Pursuant to the terms of the investment
advisory and administrative services agreement we entered into with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors, the incentive fee on capital
gains will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory
and administrative services agreement). Such fee will equal 20.0% of our incentive fee capital gains (i.e., our realized capital
gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, net of all realized capital losses
and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis), less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive
fees. On a quarterly basis, we will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee by calculating such fee as if it were due and payable
as of the end of such period. 

While the investment advisory and administrative
services agreement with Freedom Capital Investment Advisors neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains
in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant to an interpretation of an American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, we will include unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital
gains incentive fee expense and related capital gains incentive fee payable. This accrual will reflect the incentive fees that
would be payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors as if our entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance
sheet date even though Freedom Capital Investment Advisors is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains
unless and until such gains are actually realized. 

Contractual Obligations  

We have entered into an agreement with
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors to provide us with investment advisory and administrative services. Payments for investment
advisory services under the investment advisory and administrative services agreement will be equal to (a) an annual base management
fee of 2.0% of our average monthly gross assets and (b) an incentive fee based on our performance. Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
will be reimbursed for administrative expenses incurred on our behalf. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We currently have no off-balance sheet
arrangements, including any risk management of commodity pricing or other hedging practices. 

Related Party Transactions  

Compensation of the Investment Adviser
and its Affiliates  

Pursuant to the investment advisory and administrative
services agreement, after we meet the Minimum Offering Requirement, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will become entitled to
receive an annual base management fee of 2.0% of our average monthly gross assets and an incentive fee based on our performance.
We will commence accruing fees under the investment advisory and administrative services agreement upon commencement of our operations
after we meet the Minimum Offering Requirement. Management fees will be paid on a quarterly basis in arrears. 

The incentive fee will consist of two parts.
The first part, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears,
will equal 20.0% of  pre-incentive fee net investment income  for the immediately preceding quarter and will be subject
to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital, as defined in the investment advisory and administrative services
agreement, equal to 1.375% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 5.5%. The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred
to as the incentive fee on capital gains, will be accrued for on a quarterly basis and, if earned, will be paid annually. We will
accrue this incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the investment advisory and administrative
services agreement, the fee payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will be based on realized gains and no such fee will
be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized. See    Critical Accounting
Policies   Capital Gains Incentive Fee.  

Pursuant to the investment advisory and administrative
services agreement, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors oversees our day-to-day operations, including the provision of general
ledger accounting, fund accounting, legal services, investor relations and other administrative services. Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors also performs or oversees the performance of our corporate operations and required administrative services, which includes
being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports for our stockholders and reports
filed with the SEC. In addition, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors assists us in calculating our net asset value, overseeing
the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally overseeing
the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. We will reimburse
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for expenses necessary to perform services related to our administration and operations. The
amount of this reimbursement will be the lesser of (1) Freedom Capital Investment Advisors  actual costs incurred in providing
such services and (2) the amount that we estimate we would be required to pay alternative service providers for comparable services
in the same geographic location. Freedom Capital Investment Advisors will be required to allocate the cost of such services to
us based on objective factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. Our board of directors
will assess the reasonableness of such reimbursements based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services as compared to the
estimated cost to us of obtaining similar services from third-party service providers known to be available. In addition, our board
of directors will consider whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable
cost and quality. Finally, our board of directors will compare the total amount paid to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors for
such services as a percentage of our net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable BDCs. 

FCIM, an affiliate of Freedom Capital Investment
Advisors, funded offering costs and organization costs in the amount of $1,741,173. Under the terms of the investment advisory
and administrative services agreement, there is no liability on our part for the offering or organization costs funded by Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors or its affiliates until we have met the Minimum Offering Requirement. At such time, Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors will be entitled to receive 1.5% of gross proceeds raised in the Offering until all offering costs and organization
costs funded by Freedom Capital Investment Advisors or its affiliates have been recovered. The minimum reimbursement to Freedom
Capital Investment Advisors for such fees is $15,000 assuming we are able to raise $1,000,000 in gross proceeds. The investment
advisory and administrative services agreement will not be effective until we meet the Minimum Offering Requirement. The dealer
manager for our continuous public offering is Democracy Funding LLC, which is one of our affiliates. Under the dealer manager agreement
among us, Freedom Capital Investment Advisors and Democracy Funding LLC, Democracy Funding LLC will be entitled to receive selling
commissions and dealer manager fees in connection with the sale of shares of common stock in the Offering, all or a portion of
which may be re-allowed to selected broker-dealers. 

Capital Contribution by FCIM  

In December 2014, pursuant to a private placement,
FCIM contributed an aggregate of $100,000, which was used in its entirety to purchase approximately 11,111.110 shares of common
stock at $9.00 per share, which represents the initial public offering price of $10.00 per share, net of selling commissions and
dealer manager fees. FCIM has agreed not to tender these shares for repurchase as long as it remains an affiliate of Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest  

Freedom Capital Investment Advisors 
senior management team may in the future be involved in advising future investment funds. It is possible that some investment opportunities
will be provided to such potential future investment funds rather than to us. 

Expense Reimbursement Agreement  

Pursuant to the Expense Reimbursement Agreement,
Freedom Capital Investment Advisors has agreed to reimburse us for expenses in an amount that (i) no portion of our distributions
to stockholders will be paid from our offering proceeds or borrowings and/or (ii) to reduce our operating expenses until we have
achieved economies of scale sufficient to ensure that we bear a reasonable level of expenses in relation to our investment income. 

Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

We will be subject to financial market risks.
A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to any variable rate
investments we hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we hold. To the extent that a substantial portion
of our investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed
our incentive fee hurdle rate, as described in the investment advisory and administrative services agreement, and may result in
a substantial increase in our net investment income and to the amount of incentive fees payable to Freedom Capital Investment Advisors
with respect to our increased pre-incentive fee net investment income. 

In addition, in the future we may seek to
borrow funds in order to make additional investments. Our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between
the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we would be subject to risks relating
to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates, when we have debt outstanding, our cost of funds would
increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the extent we hold fixed rate investments. 

We expect that our long-term investments
will be financed primarily with equity and long-term debt. If deemed prudent, we may use interest rate risk management techniques
in an effort to minimize our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging
activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 4.        Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated
under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of September 30, 2016. 

Based on the foregoing, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable
assurance that we would meet our disclosure obligations. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that occurred during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.        Legal Proceedings.   

Although we may, from time to time, be
involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, neither we nor Freedom Capital
Investment Advisors is currently a party to any pending material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal
proceeding threatened against us or against Freedom Capital Investment Advisors. 

Item 1A.        Risk Factors.   

There have been no material changes from
the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2016, except for the following, 

We did not satisfy the original terms
of the Minimum Offering Requirement, which required that we raise at least $1,000,000 in gross proceeds from the sale of shares
in this offering in order to break escrow and commence operations by September 14, 2016. Our board of directors unanimously approved
extending the time period by which we must satisfy the Minimum Offering Requirement in order to break escrow and commence operations
to June 30, 2017.     There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the necessary capital to satisfy the Minimum
Offering Requirement within such timeframe. Even if we satisfy the Minimum Offering Requirement within this timeframe, we will
incur additional expenses that could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.   

We did not satisfy the original terms of
the Minimum Offering Requirement, which required that we raise at least $1,000,000 in gross proceeds from the sale of shares in
this offering in order to break escrow and commence operations by September 14, 2016.  As of the date hereof, we have not
accepted any subscriptions from investors or placed any investor funds into the escrow account we have with our escrow agent. Our
sponsor is currently negotiating a term sheet with a third party that, if consummated, is expected to provide significant capital
to our sponsor and our dealer manager, in exchange for ownership interests in our sponsor and dealer manager.  While the specific
terms of this transaction have not been finalized, we expect that the transaction will result in additional personnel at our dealer
manager as well as one or more selling agreements with selected broker-dealers to sell our shares.  There can be no assurance
that the proposed transaction will be completed on terms favorable to us or at all. 

In order to provide our sponsor with the
necessary time to continue negotiations with the third party, we received unanimous approval from our board of directors to extend
the time period by which we must satisfy the Minimum Offering Requirement in order to break escrow and commence operations. On
September 14, 2016, our board of directors approved extending the Minimum Offering Requirement to June 30, 2017.  The other
terms of the Minimum Offering Requirement have not changed.  If we do not raise at least $1,000,000 in gross proceeds from
the sale of shares in this offering by June 30, 2017, we will promptly return all funds in the escrow account (including interest),
and we will stop offering shares. 

There can be no assurance that we will satisfy
the Minimum Offering Requirement prior to June 30, 2017 even if the proposed transaction takes place. Even if we satisfy the Minimum
Offering Requirement within this timeframe, we will incur additional expenses that could materially impact our financial position
and results of operations. 

Item 2.   
         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.     

None. 

Item 3.   
         Defaults upon Senior Securities.     

None. 

Item 4.   
         Mine Safety Disclosures.     

None. 

Item 5.   
         Other Information.     

None. 

Item 6.   
         Exhibits.     

*    Filed herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on
November 14, 2016. 

Freedom Capital Corporation   

By:  
      /s/    Jeffrey M McClure   

Jeffrey M McClure   
  Chief Executive Officer   
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

By:  
      /s/    Robert F. Amweg   

Robert F. Amweg   
  Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452838_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Jeffrey
McClure, certify that:   

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Freedom Capital Corporation;     

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:     

a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;     

b.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

c.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a.    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and     

b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Jeffrey McClure  

Jeffrey McClure  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452838_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Robert
F. Amweg, certify that:   

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Freedom Capital Corporation;     

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:     

a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;     

b.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

c.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a.    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and     

b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Robert F. Amweg  

Robert F. Amweg  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452838_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT
TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Freedom Capital Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Form 10-Q ), Jeffrey McClure, as Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, and Robert F. Amweg, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated:  November 14, 2016   

/s/ Jeffrey McClure   

Jeffrey McClure   

Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Robert F. Amweg   

Robert F. Amweg   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

