<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-Q_edgar_data_1532595_0001654954-16-004854_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3137487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>239764</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>213147</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1091936</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>837118</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>650546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-004854.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214155239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-004854
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYMBID CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001532595
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				452859440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55475
		FILM NUMBER:		162051099

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CKR LAW LLP
		STREET 2:		1330 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 259-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CKR LAW LLP
		STREET 2:		1330 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAPYKIDZ.COM
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111013

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-004854.txt : 20161214

10-Q
 1
 sbid_10q.htm
 QUARTERY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the
quarterly period ended    September 30, 2016  

For the
transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File
Number:  333-177500  

SYMBID CORP. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Marconistraat
16 

3029 AK Rotterdam, The Netherlands 

(Address of
principal executive offices) 

+31(0)1 089 00 400 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last
report) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
    No   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes
    No   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large
accelerated filer   

Accelerated
filer   

Non-accelerated
filer   

Smaller
reporting company   

(Do not
check if a smaller 

Reporting
company) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No

There
were 187,329,355 shares of the registrant s common stock
outstanding as of December 14, 2016. 

SYMBID
CORP. 

FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Financial
Statements 

3 

Item
2. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

30 

Item
3. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

38 

Item
4. 

Controls
and Procedures 

38 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Legal
Proceedings 

39 

Item
1A. 

Risk
Factors 

39 

Item
2. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

39 

Item
3. 

Defaults
Upon Senior Securities 

40 

Item
4. 

Mine
Safety Disclosures 

40 

Item
5. 

Other
Information 

40 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

43 

SIGNATURES 

45  

2 

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
1.  

  FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

3 

SYMBID
CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

(UNAUDITED) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements) 

4 

SYMBID CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

(UNAUDITED) 

(The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements)   

5 

SYMBID CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

(UNAUDITED) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements) 

6 

SYMBID CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

(UNAUDITED) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements) 

7 

SYMBID CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED) 

1 - BUSINESS, ORGANIZATION AND LIQUIDITY 

Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) and in conformity with the instructions to
Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X and the related rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). Accordingly, certain information and note
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to
such rules and regulations. However, we believe that the
disclosures included in these financial statements are adequate to
make the information presented not misleading. The unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements included in this
document have been prepared on the same basis as the annual
consolidated financial statements, and in our opinion reflect all
adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments necessary
for a fair presentation in accordance with GAAP and SEC regulations
for interim financial statements. The results for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of the results that we will have for any subsequent period. These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be
read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and the notes to those statements for the year ended
December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Business and Organization 

Symbid Corp. was incorporated as HapyKidz.com, Inc. in the state of
Nevada on July 29, 2011. On September 4, 2013, we filed a
Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the
Nevada Secretary of State to change our name from HapyKidz.com,
Inc. to Symbid Corp, which we believe more accurately reflects our
current business. The Company continues to be a  smaller
reporting company,  as defined under the Exchange
Act. 

Symbid
Holding B.V. ( Symbid Holding ) was incorporated on
October 3, 2013 organized under the laws of the
Netherlands.  Symbid Holding was organized to serve as
the holding company for all of Symbid s business activities
in the Netherlands and in other countries.  As such, on
October 3, 2013, the holders of the capital shares of Symbid B.V.
exchanged their shares for capital shares of Symbid Holding and, as
a result, Symbid B.V. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Symbid
Holding. Symbid B.V. is now the operating entity for the
Company s business in the Netherlands. 

On
December 6, 2013, the Company closed a Share Exchange pursuant to
which the 19 shareholders of Symbid Holding B.V. sold all of their
capital stock in Symbid Holding B.V. to us in exchange for
21,170,000 shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share.
Because the Company had no operations at the time of our
acquisition of Symbid Holding, Symbid Holding is considered to
be the predecessor Company for financial reporting
purposes. 

The
Share Exchange has been being accounted for as a  reverse
acquisition,  and Symbid Holding is deemed to be the acquirer
in the reverse acquisition. Consequently, the assets and
liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the
financial statements prior to the Share Exchange are those of
Symbid Holding and are recorded at the historical cost basis of
Symbid Holding. The consolidated financial statements after
completion of the Share Exchange include the assets and liabilities
of Symbid Holding, historical operations of Symbid Holding and
operations of the Company and its subsidiaries from the Closing
Date of the Share Exchange. As a result of the issuance of the
shares of our common stock pursuant to the Share Exchange, a change
in control occurred as of the date of consummation of the Share
Exchange. 

8 

1 - BUSINESS, ORGANIZATION AND LIQUIDITY   (Continued)  

The main operating entity of Symbid Corp. is Symbid B.V.
( Symbid B.V. ) and was incorporated in Utrecht, The
Netherlands on March 29, 2011 under the laws of the Netherlands.
The Company was launched in April 2011 in its headquarters in
Rotterdam, The Netherlands as one of the first equity based
crowdfunding forerunners worldwide. Entrepreneurs use Symbid to
obtain business growth funding from the crowd in exchange for a
part of the equity of their company. Investors can participate for
as little as $22, and become shareholders of start-up companies or
growing businesses in need of capital. 

Founded as the provider of one of the first equity based
crowdfunding platforms, our business evolved in 2015 into a fully
integrated, data driven, user friendly online funding network
consisting of several products and services known as The Funding
Network . The Funding Network  is intended to give
small and medium sized entities ( SMEs ) direct access
to all forms of finance, while offering investors full transparency
on the potential risks and return of their portfolios and was
developed in response to the following funding hurdles affecting
entrepreneurs and investors in general and SMEs in
particular: 

Limited
or no structured distribution channels for SME finance other than
banks, increasing the mismatch between entrepreneurs and
financiers; 

No
centralized platform for (alternative) financiers, making it
difficult and inefficient to find the right financier at the right
time; 

No
standardized data protocols for SME data, leading to costly and
time-intensive (offline) screening and monitoring; 

Limited
financial skills of entrepreneurs leading to unnecessary
inefficiencies and obstacles within the financing process;
and 

Decline
in bank financing due to new regulations and recent financial
crises, leaving a vacuum in the life cycle of SME
financing. 

On February 20, 2015, Symbid Italia SPA ( Symbid
Italia ), an Italian corporation was created to develop the
business of equity crowdfunding in Italy, was formed by our wholly
owned subsidiary, Symbid Holding B.V., together with Banca Sella
Holding SPA ( Banca Sella ) and Marco Bicocchi Pichi.
Through Symbid Italia, we intend to create a new online funding
platform, based on our existing crowdfunding technology, in which
Italian investors and entrepreneurs can connect, fund, grow
together and digitalize financial services for Italian small and
medium enterprises. Symbid Italia represents the first stage of the
European roll-out of our crowdfunding platform outside of The
Netherlands. In connection with the formation of Symbid Italia, we
paid $284,525 for a 50.1% ownership interest. Banca Sella holds a
29.94% ownership interest and Mr. Pichi holds a 19.96%
interest.  At the direction of the Symbid Italia board of
directors, a special Symbid Italia shareholder meeting was held on
April 29, 2016, at which it was determined to liquidate Symbid
Italia and return the residual capital to the Symbid Italia
shareholders.  On May 26, 2016, Symbid
Italia was liquidated and the Company received $44,744 for its
50.1% interest and recognized a loss of $2,986. The results of
Symbid Italia s operations have been included in the condensed
consolidated financial statements (see Note 9).  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a
14.53% ownership in Kredietpaspoort Co peratie U.A.
( Kredietpaspoort ), a Cooperative located in the
Netherlands, through its wholly owned subsidiary Symbid B.V. and
Symbid Co peratie UA ( Symbid Coop ), a variable
interest entity which we effectively controlled through corporate
governance rather than through any ownership. In addition, the
Company s former Chief Commercial Officer owned a 5.72%
interest in Kredietpaspoort. The Kredietpaspoort is a cloud- based
platform that was developed to provide credit evaluation and
financing options to SME companies in the Netherlands. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the combined holdings in
Kredietpaspoort by Symbid B.V., Symbid Coop and our former Chief
Commercial Officer totaled approximately 20.25% (see Note 5). On
November 15, 2016, our ownership interest decreased below 20%,
refer to Note 5 for additional discussion. 

9 

1 - BUSINESS, ORGANIZATION AND LIQUIDITY   (Continued)  

During the first quarter of 2015, the Company sold its remaining
interest in Gambitious Co peratie UA ( Gambitious
Coop ) to better align the goals of the Company (see Note
5). 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held a
7% ownership interest in Equidam Holding B.V.
( Equidam ). Equidam started as an online valuation
tool for private companies with a particular focus on SME s,
Equidam now also offers simple monitoring services to investors on
the Company s platform. 

Because the Company was not able to raise additional capital from
investors during the second half of 2016 it was forced to enter
into settlement agreements with its creditors and note holders and
ultimately restructure the Company (See Note 12). As a result of
the restructuring, the Company curtailed certain operations and
changed its business focus from the operation of online funding
platforms and the provision of software solutions for SMEs in the
alternative financing market to the licensing of available software
packages that the Company owns and licenses intellectual
property. 

The revised business model will require fewer employees, advisors
and consultants and will be more economical to operate. Over the
past few years the Company has developed several software products
suitable for the alternative market which it will continue to offer
to third parties. Such products and related services include white
label versions of crowdfunding software for investor groups and
monitoring software to provide investors with ongoing insight into
the performance of SMEs to which they have loaned money. Related
licensing fees and subscription agreements may include set fees and
yearly contribution fees. 

The Company s goal is to substantially reduce or eliminate
its debt, continue to operate its business and negotiate a possible
acquisition or other business combination with another operating
entity. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in this endeavor or that if a business combination is
consummated that it will be on favorable terms. In the interim, the
Company will continue forward with its ongoing operations under th
revised business model. 

Liquidity and Going Concern Matters 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a
going concern. 

The Company has suffered recurring losses during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, of $146,517 and $632,293,
respectively. Losses during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were $2,152,268 and $1,767,314, respectively. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a working
capital deficit of $430,122 and working capital of $164,209,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash on
hand of $7,724 and current liabilities to credit institutions of
$89,395. The recurring losses raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

10 

1 - BUSINESS, ORGANIZATION AND LIQUIDITY   (Continued)  

Management has evaluated the significance of these conditions and
has determined that the recoverability of a major portion of the
recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations
of the Company, which in turn, is dependent upon the
Company s ability to raise capital and/or generate positive
cash flows from operations. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of
recorded assets and classifications that might be necessary in the
event the Company cannot continue in existence. 

To mitigate the conditions that raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern management
sought out new and current strategic institutional investors.
However, the Company was unable to raise additional funds and
during the fourth quarter of 2016 ultimately decided to restructure
and convert the majority of its liabilities into participation
rights in Symbid Co p. Additionally, to avoid bankruptcy due
to the cash flow position of the Company management decided to
implement a cost reduction program during the second quarter of
2016. During the reporting period, the following cost reduction
actions have been successfully implemented and have provided a
positive impact on the cost structure of the Company: 

Closed
offices in Milano (Symbid Italia) and Amsterdam (Product
development); 

Reduction
in costs of office space Rotterdam HQ; 

Terminated
employment agreements with 10 full time employee ("FTE") product
development team, our CFO, 2 FTE Symbid Italia, 4 Commercial FTE
operating in the Netherlands; 

Put
on hold internationalization of the Symbid services and
products; 

Put
on hold the further investments related to monitoring
services; 

Management
salaries were reduced to nil as of August 1, 2016. 

In addition to the measures implemented in the first nine months of
2016, the Company also implemented the following cost reductions in
connection with the restructuring during the fourth quarter of
2016: 

Resignation
of Robin Slakhorst as CCO and Board member of the
Company; 

Termination
of employment agreements remaining employees of Symbid B.V., under
condition employment agreements were assumed by Symbid
Coop; 

Further
software and infrastructure development for the core crowdfunding
product has been stopped and under certain conditions assumed by
Symbid Coop; 

Termination
of the obligations to operate a crowdfunding platform in the
Netherlands through Symbid B.V., the Company decided for a shift in
focus to commercialize the available software products instead of
the more cash intensive operation of a crowdfunding platform.
Symbid Coop will continue as an independent business entity in the
crowdfunding business within the Netherlands whereby it has been
assuming significant obligations from the Company. 

11 

2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its significant
subsidiaries on a combined and consolidated basis. The Company also
includes subsidiaries over which a direct or indirect legal or
effective control exists and for which the Company is deemed to
direct the significant activities and has the obligation to absorb
the losses or benefits of the entities.  All intercompany
accounts, balances and transactions with other consolidated
entities have been eliminated. The condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, and include the
Company s accounts as well as those of a certain variable
interest entity ( VIE ) for which the Company was the
primary beneficiary. 

Reclassifications 

Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2015 financial
statements to conform to the condensed consolidated 2016 financial
statement presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on
net earnings or cash flows as previously reported. 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles requires that management
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Noncontrolling Interests 

The Company presents noncontrolling interests as a component of
equity. Changes in a parent s ownership interest while the
parent retains its controlling interest will be accounted for as
equity transactions, and upon loss of control, retained ownership
interest will be re-measured at fair value, with any gain or loss
recognized in earnings. Income 

and losses attributable to the noncontrolling interests associated
with Symbid Coop and Symbid Italia are presented separately in the
Company s condensed consolidated statement of
operations. 

Revenue Recognition 

Crowdfunding 

The
Company generates its revenue from registration, administration and
success fees within The Funding Network. Registration fee revenue
is recognized as new portfolio companies register to The Funding
Network. Revenue from administration fees are collected from
investors and recognized on a monthly basis calculated as a
percentage of the volume of payments during the reporting period.
There is no credit risk since the fees are collected directly at
the moment that the transaction takes place on the platform. There
is no right of return to investors once a crowdfunding proposition
has been successfully funded. Revenue from success fees are
recognized at the time the loan or equity crowdfunding proposition
is successfully funded and there are no further obligations to the
portfolio company. Prior to January 2016 there was no credit risk
as the success fees were collected directly at the moment the
transaction took place on the platform. As of January 2016, we
changed the policy for collecting the success fees and there will
be a credit risk going forward. At the start of a funding campaign,
the entrepreneur signs a contract with Symbid pursuant to which he
or she agrees to pay Symbid a success fee once a successful fund
raising campaign for that entrepreneur closes. Once the funding
campaign has closed, Symbid s success fee is transferred by
Intersolve, the third party banking entity that holds all funds in
escrow until closing, and the net proceeds of the funding are
transferred by Intersolve to the notary or in case of loan
crowdfunding directly to the entrepreneur. Upon completion of the
funding campaign on Symbid s platform, services delivered
under the contract with the entrepreneur have been rendered and
Symbid recognizes its success fee revenue at the time the campaign
has been successfully closed. 

12 

2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)  

The Funding Network 

On June
16, 2015, Loan Crowdfunding was launched by our wholly owned
subsidiary, Symbid Holding B.V. The launch of this new
peer-to-business lending service is intended to complement our
existing Equity Crowdfunding service and support the development of
our online funding platform for start-ups and small businesses, The
Funding Network. This service will make use of our monitoring
technology to provide investors ongoing insights into the
performance of the business to which they have lent money. All
businesses funded via Loan Crowdfunding will be required to
register for Monitoring by Symbid for one full year via a
monthly-based subscription model. Revenue related to monitoring
start packages is recognized ratably over the term of the
subscription. 

Other 

Revenue related to licensing is recognized on a monthly basis
determined by the contracted monthly license fee. If the monthly
license fee is not paid, the Company is entitled to set the
platform offline. 

Revenues from URL services are based on a fixed annual fees and
recognized ratably over the contract period, typically one
year.     

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The accounting standard for fair value establishes a framework for
measuring fair value and enhances fair value measurement
disclosure. Under the provisions of the pronouncement, fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price )
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. 

GAAP establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair
value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the
use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of
the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the
Company s assumptions about the assumptions market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed
based on the best information available in the circumstances. The
hierarchy is described below: 

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are
accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1
inputs. 

Level 2: Observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on
active markets, but corroborated by market data. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data
is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to
Level 3 inputs. 

The Company s current financial assets and liabilities
approximate fair value due to their short term nature and include
cash accounts. The Company s borrowings approximate fair
value as the rates of interest are similar to what they would
receive from other financial institutions. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Cash Held in Banks 

The Company has cash balances at financial institutions located in
the Netherlands. Balances at financial institutions in the
Netherlands may, from time to time, exceed insured limits.
Currently the insured limit amounts to $112,110. 

Accounts Receivable 

Customer accounts typically are collected within a short period of
time, and based on its assessment of current conditions and its
experience collecting such receivables, management believes it has
no significant risk related to its concentration within its
accounts receivable. 

13 

2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)  

Foreign Currency Translation 

The Company uses the United States dollar ( U.S.
dollars  or  USD ) for financial reporting
purposes and to maintain its books and records. The Company s
subsidiaries maintain their books and records in their functional
currency, the Euro ( EUR ), the currency of the
Netherlands. 

In general, for consolidation purposes, the Company translates its
assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the applicable
exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, the statements
of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange
rates during the reporting period. As a result, amounts
related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash
flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding
balances on the balance sheet.  Equity accounts are
translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the
translation of the financial statements are recorded as accumulated
other comprehensive income or loss. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance sheet
accounts, with the exception of equity, were translated at 1 EUR to
$1.1211 and $1.0906, respectively. The average translation rates
applied to the statements of operations and cash flows for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were at 1 EUR to
$1.1157 and 1 EUR to $ 1.1122, respectively. The average
translation rates applied to the statements of operations and cash
flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were at
1 EUR to $1.1159 and 1 EUR to $ 1.1154, respectively. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated
depreciation. Depreciation is charged to operations using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 5 years.
Property and equipment consists mainly of computers. 

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Expenditures for betterments and major renewals are
capitalized. The cost of assets sold or retired and the related
amounts of accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the
accounts in the period of disposal, and any resulting gains or
losses are included in operations. 

Impairment of Intangible Assets with Definite Lives 

An
intangible asset arose as the result of the acquisition of the FAC
B.V., a limited liability entity incorporated in the Netherlands,
resulting in the acquisition of a perpetual, worldwide, exclusive
license to a software library of infrastructure technology. The
Company amortizes the costs of the acquired intangible asset using
the straight- line method over the estimated useful life of 7
years. 

The
carrying value of the intangible asset is reviewed on a regular
basis for the existence of facts or circumstances that the
intangible asset may be impaired.  An
intangible asset is subject to amortization and is assessed for
impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their
carrying value may not be recoverable. In testing the
recoverability of the asset, the carrying value of the asset is
compared to the future projected undiscounted cash flows. The cash
flows are based on management s expectations of future
revenues and expenses including costs to maintain the assets over
their respective service lives. An impairment loss is recognized as
the excess of the carrying value over the fair value when an asset
is not recoverable. Fair value is based on valuation techniques or
third party appraisals. Significant estimates and judgments are
applied in determining these cash flows and fair values. In
accordance with US GAAP, we perform interim impairment testing
should circumstances requiring it arise. Due certain impairment
indicators which were triggered during the three months
ended  June 30, 2016, the Company performed an impairment
analysis of its intangible asset which indicated that the future
undiscounted cash flows of the asset did not exceed its net
carrying value. As such, the Company fully impaired its intangible
asset at June 30, 2016 (see Note 4). 

14 

2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)  

Income Taxes 

Income taxes have been determined using the asset and liability
approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach,
deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to
occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are
recovered or paid. Deferred taxes result from differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of the Company s assets
and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax
laws when changes are enacted. Valuation allowances are recorded to
reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a
tax benefit will not be realized. The assessment of whether or not
a valuation allowance is required often requires significant
judgment. 

Net Loss Per Common Share 

Basic and diluted net loss per share is presented in conformity
with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share, for all periods presented.
In accordance with this guidance, basic and diluted net loss per
share was determined by dividing net loss applicable to common
stockholders by the weighted- average common shares outstanding
during the period. In a period where there is a net loss position,
diluted weighted average shares are the same as basic weighted
average shares. Shares used in the diluted net loss per common
share calculation exclude potentially dilutive share equivalents as
the effect would be antidilutive. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company s operations are subject to a number of risks,
including but not limited to, changes in the general economy,
demand for the Company s platform, the success of its
customers, research and development results, uncertainties
surrounding crowdfunding rules and regulations, and the ability to
attract new funding. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are carried at the amount billed to a customer,
net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, which is an estimate
for credit losses based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a
monthly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful
accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables
and considering a customer s financial condition, credit
history and current economic conditions. Accounts receivable are
written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts
receivable previously written off are recorded when
received. 

The
Company reviews the collectability of accounts receivable based on
an assessment of historic experience, current economic conditions,
and other collection indicators. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company has recorded an allowance for doubtful
accounts of $-0- and $39,847, respectively. 

Comprehensive Loss 

Comprehensive
loss refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that under U.S.
GAAP are included in comprehensive loss but are excluded from net
loss as these amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to
stockholders  equity. The Company s other comprehensive
loss is comprised of foreign currency translation
adjustments. 

Cost Method Investments 

Direct
and or indirect investments in business entities in which the
Company does not have a controlling financial interest and has no
ability to exercise significant influence over operating and
financial policies (generally 0-20 percent ownership), are
accounted for by the cost method. 

Equity Method Investments 

Direct
and or indirect investments in business entities in which Symbid
Corp. does not have a controlling financial interest, but has the
ability to exercise significant influence over operating and
financial policies (generally 20-50 percent ownership), are
accounted for by the equity method. 

15 

2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, requiring
lessee s to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with
lease terms of more than 12 months in the balance sheet. Leases
will be classified as either finance or operating, with
classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the
income statement. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years
and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is
required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at,
or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements, with certain
practical expedients available. The adoption of this guidance is
not expected to have an impact on the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Employee Share based Payment Accounting ( ASU
2016-09 ), which addresses how companies account for certain
aspects of share based payments to employees. Entities will be
required to recognize the income tax effects of awards in the
statement of income when the awards vest or are settled, and to
present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the
statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. The
ASU also addresses such areas as an accounting policy election for
forfeitures and the amount an employer can withhold to cover income
taxes and still qualify for equity classification. The amendments
in this ASU will be effective for annual periods and for interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2016. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is
not expected to have an impact on the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic
810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common
Control ( ASU 2016-17 ), which addresses how companies
evaluate whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a
VIE by changing how the reporting entity that is a single decision
marker of a VIE treats indirect interests in the entity held
through related parties that are under common control with the
reporting entity. If a reporting entity satisfies the first
characteristic of a primary beneficiary (such that it is the single
decision maker of a VIE), the amendments in ASU 2016-17 require
that reporting entity, in determining whether it satisfies the
second characteristic of a primary beneficiary, to include all of
its direct variable interests in a VIE and, on a proportionate
basis, its indirect variable interests in a VIE held through
related parties, including related parties that are under common
control with the reporting entity. The amendments in this ASU will
be effective for annual periods and for interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this ASU on its condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

3 - VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY- SYMBID COOP 

At September 30, 2016, the Company held a variable interest in
Symbid Coop. Symbid Coop is the lessee of the Company s
online crowdfunding platform. Symbid B.V. licenses the online
platform exclusively to Symbid Coop. The management of Symbid Coop
is the same as the management of Symbid B.V. and Symbid
Holding. 

The Company has an implicit variable interest in Symbid Coop
through common control and management has the ability to compel
payment whether stated or silent in the lease agreement. The
Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of Symbid
Coop and has a controlling financial interest as it has the
power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
impact Symbid Coop s economic performance. 

The Company reassesses every reporting period the presentation of
Symbid Coop to conclude if consolidation is required. As such, the
conclusion regarding the primary beneficiary status is subject to
change and circumstances are continually reevaluated. 

16 

3 - VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY-
SYMBID COOP   (Continued)  

On November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. and Symbid Coop
entered into an Intellectual Property License Termination Agreement
which terminated the April 13, 2011 License Agreement between them
retroactive to November 1, 2016. Symbid B.V. had controlled and
operated Symbid Coop through corporate governance under the license
agreement pursuant to which the online crowdfunding platform was
leased.  Also on November 15, 2016 Symbid Coop assumed
certain debts and obligations from Symbid B.V. in consideration of
cancellation of the current account between Symbid B.V. and Symbid
Coop and office furniture from Symbid B.V. to be obtained in return
by Symbid Coop, under the suspending condition that all other debts
and obligations of Symbid B.V. were settled, with the exception of
any intercompany balances within the Company. Symbid Coop has been
assuming the debts and obligations under the condition the Company
would have given up its board control over Symbid Coop.
 By November 1, 2016, the effective
date of the Intellectual Property License Termination Agreement and
after having given up the board control in Symbid Coop the Company
lost control of Symbid Coop which became an independent
entity.  

The classification and carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
of Symbid Coop in the condensed consolidated balance sheets are as
follows:  

The assets related to Symbid Coop are not restricted. 

4   INTANGIBLE ASSET 

On July
29, 2014, our wholly owned subsidiary Symbid Holding, a limited
liability corporation in the Netherlands, acquired all the issued
and outstanding shares of FAC B.V. in exchange for 2,750,000 shares
of our restricted common stock. The sole asset of the FAC B.V. was
a perpetual, worldwide, exclusive license to a software library of
infrastructure technology, upon which we have developed a platform
to enable cloud based financing solutions for small and medium
sized enterprises, expanding on our current equity based
crowdfunding solutions in the Netherlands. The asset acquired in
the acquisition of the FAC B.V. does not meet the definition of a
business and, therefore, has been accounted for as an asset
acquisition. 

The Company measured the fair value of the restricted shares issued
as consideration in the acquisition of the FAC B.V. based on a
weighted average fair value calculation using available observable
inputs of recent arm s length transactions in the
Company s recent private placement offering and, to a lesser
extent, the publicly traded share price, resulting in a fair value
of approximately $1,195,000. The total purchase price was allocated
to the software library acquired in the acquisition. Transaction
costs directly related to the acquisition of the software of
approximately $17,000 incurred to acquire the software have been
capitalized. The software was deemed to have a useful life of 7
years. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company fully impaired its intangible
asset  as it was deemed that the fair value of the asset was
not recoverable . A non-cash
impairment charge of $740,000  has been included in the
results of operations for the  nine month period ended September 30,
2016 . 

17 

4   INTANGIBLE ASSET   (Continued)  

The intangible asset consists of software obtained through the
acquisition of the FAC B.V.  The intangible asset consists of
the following: 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
amortization expense related to software was $-0- and approximately
$36,000, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, amortization expense related to software was $72,000
approximately $108,000, respectively. 

5 - INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATED COMPANIES 

Kredietpaspoort 

As of
April 2014, Symbid B.V. and Symbid Coop acquired membership
interests of 6.50% and 6.03% of Kredietpaspoort, respectively. The
initial investments in Kredietpaspoort by Symbid B.V. and Symbid
Coop of approximately $17,000 and $16,000, respectively, were
recorded in Investments in Associated Companies. In addition,
during 2014 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Commercial
Officer, both of whom are Directors of the Company, each acquired
membership interests of 5.15% and 4.96%, respectively, in
Kredietpaspoort. In December of 2014, our Chief Executive Officer
sold his interest of 5.15% in Kredietpaspoort, also there was a
re-allocation of memberships. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, our Chief Commercial Officer holds an interest of 5.72%,
while the interests of each Symbid Coop and Symbid B.V. are 6.96%
and 7.57%, respectively. As a result, our combined interest
decreased from 22.64% to 20.25%. 

As of
December 31, 2014, the Kredietpaspoort investment balance was
reduced to nil, as the Company suffered losses beyond the initial
investment balance. On November 15, 2016, the Company s Chief
Commercial Officer resigned from the Company. Due to the departure
of this officer and the loss in control of Symbid Coop during the
fourth quarter the combined interest in Kredietpaspoort decreased
from 20.25% to 7.57%. 

The
Company has accounted for its investment in Kredietpaspoort on the
equity method basis of accounting through September 30, 2016, as
Symbid had the ability to exercise significant influence over the
operating and financial policies of Kredietpaspoort through
representation on the Kredietpaspoort board of directors and the
combined voting interest of Symbid and its Chief Commercial
Officer. However, upon the departure of the Company s Chief
Commercial officer Company will no longer have significant
influence over Kredietpaspoort and will account for its investment
on the cost method of accounting basis in future periods. As of
September 30, 2016, the initial investment has not been
recovered. 

Gambitious 

In previous periods, the Company had an indirect ownership interest
in Gambitious B.V. ( Gambitious ), a Company located in
the Netherlands, which used the Company s platform to raise
capital for video games produced by a wide range of developers. On
February 9, 2015, the Company sold its remaining 12% indirect
interest in Gambitious for $20,360 and recorded a gain on
investment of $11,504 which is included in other income in the
condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

18 

5 - INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATED COMPANIES   (Continued)  

Equidam 

In August 2013, the Company acquired a 10% interest in Equidam
Holding B.V. ( Equidam ) for $1,166 recorded in
Investments in Associated Companies. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company has a 7% ownership in Equidam, as the initial investment
was diluted through a subsequent round of seed funding. The Company
is accounting for their investment in Equidam on the cost basis of
accounting. There have been no material transactions with Equidam
during the reporting period. 

6   ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT
LIABILITIES 

All amounts are payable within one year. 

7 - NOTES PAYABLE 

Working Capital Facility 

The Company has two credit facilities with the Rabobank, a national
bank in the Netherlands. 

The facility consists of the following two agreements: 

1. 

  Long
term loan for approximately $202,000, bears interest of
approximately 6.4%, principal and interest payable quarterly. The
loan decreases on a quarterly basis by approximately $8,000,
starting on September 30, 2012. As of September 30, 2016, the loan
balance was approximately $68,000. 

2. 

  A
line of credit of approximately $67,000 with a floating interest
rate of approximately 8.40% at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. There was a balance of approximately $55,000 on
the credit facility at September 30, 2016. 

19 

7 - NOTES PAYABLE 
 (Continued)  

The working capital facility is secured by the following
assets:  

1. 

  Assets
of the Company including receivables and intellectual property
developed by the Company. 

2. 

  Guarantee
by principal members of management up to approximately
$57,000. 

3. 

  Guarantee
by the Netherlands government for the remaining balance in a
hypothetical liquidation up to approximately $246,000. 

On November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. transferred its outstanding debt
under the working capital facility and line of credit including all
accrued interest due thereon to Symbid Coop. Refer to Note 12 for
additional discussion. 

2015 - 8% Convertible Promissory Notes 

On June
10, 2015, the Company entered into a subscription agreement to
conduct a private offering consisting of a minimum of $250,000 and
up to a maximum of $1,500,000 of 8% unsecured convertible
promissory notes (the  2015 Notes ), convertible into
common shares of the Company s common stock. The 2015 Notes
have a three year maturity from the date of issue and interest is
payable annually. The 2015 Notes may be redeemed at any time after
issuance by the Company for a pre-payment fee of 10% of the
principal balance plus outstanding interest due. The 2015 Notes
have an optional conversion feature price of $0.25 per share that
can be exercised any time. However, upon maturity the mandatory
conversion price is the lesser of (a) $0.25 or (b) the amount equal
to 20% discount to the 10 day volume weighted average price per
share for the period immediately prior to the mandatory conversion
date with a floor price of $0.10 per share. The subscribers have
been granted preemptive rights allowing participation in future
financings at the then current price for a term of three years so
that such subscriber may maintain its pro-rata interest in the
Company. 

Because
the conversion rate of the Notes was less than the market value of
the Company s stock on the closing dates, the Company has
recorded a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ). The
BCF is calculated by using the most favorable conversion price that
would be in effect at the conversion date to measure the intrinsic
value of an embedded conversion option. The BCF is recorded to
additional paid-in capital with an offset to debt discount as
prescribed by ASC 470-20. The discount against the Notes is
accreted to interest expense using the effective interest rate
method. 

On July 14, 2015 the initial closing of the Notes took place under
which the Company raised $250,000 from a total of seven investors.
The Company recorded a debt discount related to the BCF of $62,500.
At September 30, 2016, there are 1,538,320 common shares underlying
the convertible principal and interest balance. The effective
interest rate of the liability component is equal to 17.7% for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Accrued
interest at September 30, 2016 is $5,813 and included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. The conversion rate (shares
of common stock per $1 principal amount of notes) and the
conversion price at September 30, 2016, are 23.37 and $0.043,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the unamortized debt
discount will be amortized over a remaining period of approximately
1.76 years. The if converted value as of September 30, 2016 exceeds
the principal balance of the Convertible Notes by
$16,916. 

On July 14, 2015, four investors from the July 14, 2015 closing
converted an aggregate of $190,000 in Notes into 760,000 shares of
unregistered common stock. Upon conversion the Company recorded
$47,500 in interest expense and a corresponding reduction to the
debt discount associated with these Notes. 

20 

7 - NOTES PAYABLE   (Continued)  

On September 8, 2015 the Company held the final closing of the
Notes under which it raised $1,250,000 from a total of six
investors. The Company recorded a debt discount related to the BCF
of $759,876. At September 30, 2016, there are 31,697,719 common
shares underlying the convertible principal and interest balance.
The effective interest rate of the liability component was equal to
40.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015. Accrued interest at September 30, 2016 is $106,111 and
included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. The
conversion rate (shares of common stock per $1 principal amount of
notes) and the conversion price at September 30, 2016, are 23.37
and $0.043, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the unamortized
debt discount will be amortized over a remaining period of
approximately 1.91 years. The if converted value as of September
30, 2016 exceeds the principal balance of the Convertible Notes by
$334,886. 

As of September 30, 2016, we were in default with respect to the
initial interest payments which were due on July 14, 2016 and
September 8, 2016, with respect to an aggregate of $60,000 and
$1,310,000 in principal amount of the 2015 Notes dated July 14,
2015 and September 8, 2015, respectively. On November 15, 2016, the
Company entered into a Note Termination and Conversion Agreement
with each of the 2015 Note holders. An aggregate of $1,310,000 in
principal amount together with all accrued interest was cancelled
in exchange for equity participation rights in Symbid Coop
representing an aggregate of 6.5% of the profit rights in Symbid
Coop. One note holder of $1,175,000 in principal amount of 2015
Notes agreed to receive the right of first refusal with respect to
any direct or indirect activities of the Company. Refer to Note 12
for additional discussion. 

2016 - 8% Convertible Promissory Notes 

On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a subscription agreement
to conduct a private offering consisting of a minimum of $350,000
and up to a maximum of $700,000 of 8% unsecured convertible
promissory notes (the  2016 Notes ), convertible into
common shares of the Company s common stock.  The 2016
Notes have a three year maturity from the date of issuance and
interest is payable annually. The 2016 Notes may be redeemed upon
mutual agreement of the Company and the investors. The 2016 Notes
are convertible upon the completion of the next equity offering (a
 Qualified Offering ) for gross proceeds of not less
than $1,500,000, the holders may, at their option, convert all or a
portion of the principal and interest then due on the 2016 Notes
into shares of common stock at a price per share equal to 50% of
the price at which the common stock is sold in the Qualified
Offering. 

The conversion rate is subject to proportionate adjustment in the
event of a subdivision, combination or stock split, stock
dividends, reorganization reclassification, consolidation or
merger. The Company may not incur senior indebtedness to exceed
$250,000, must provide notice of default and notice of entry in
certain material transactions such as; voluntary liquidation,
merger or consolidation, sale or transfer of assets and amendments
to the articles of incorporation. The 2016 Notes are subject to
customary events of default such as bankruptcy, reorganization or
insolvency and will become due immediately upon such event. While
the 2016 Notes remain outstanding, the Company cannot incur any
indebtedness that ranks senior in priority to the 2016 Notes. The
2016 Notes rank pari passu with the 2015 Notes. 

Because
the conversion rate of the Notes was less than the market value of
the Company s stock on the closing date the Company has
recorded a BCF. The BCF is calculated by using the most favorable
conversion price that would be in effect at the conversion date to
measure the intrinsic value of an embedded conversion option. The
BCF is recorded to additional paid-in capital with an offset to
debt discount as prescribed by ASC 470-20. The discount against the
Notes is accreted to interest expense using the effective interest
rate method. 

21 

7 - NOTES PAYABLE   (Continued)  

On June 1, 2016, the closing of the 2016 Notes took place under
which the Company raised $550,000 from a total of three investors.
The Company recorded a debt discount related to the BCF of
$550,000. At September 30, 2016, there are 66,416,993 common shares
underlying the convertible principal and interest balance. The
effective interest rate of the liability component was equal to
960% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Accrued interest at September 30, 2016 is $14,544 and included in
accrued expenses and other current liabilities. The conversion rate
(shares of common stock per $1 principal amount of notes) and the
conversion price at September 30, 2016, are 40 and $0.025,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the unamortized debt
discount will be amortized over a remaining period of approximately
2.63 years. The if converted value as of September 30, 2016 exceeds
the principal balance of the Convertible Notes by
$579,089. 

On
November 15, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Termination and
Conversion Agreement with each of the 2016 Note holders. An
aggregate of $550,000 in principal amount together with all accrued
interest was cancelled in exchange for equity participation rights
in Symbid Coop representing an aggregate of 18.75% of the profit
rights in Symbid Coop. Refer to Note 12 for additional
discussion. 

Convertible promissory notes payable and related convertible
accrued interest as of September 30, 2016 are as
follows: 

Subordinated Loan - Related Party 

A stockholder of the Company has granted a loan of approximately
$75,000 to the Company due on December 31, 2016 with interest only
payments of 4% per annum. The loan is subordinate to the interests
of the working capital facility and is unsecured. 

On November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into an agreement with the
holder of the Subordinated related party loan which provided for
the termination of a September 15, 2011 promissory note from Symbid
B.V., including all accrued interest due thereon, in consideration
of the grant of a 1.33% participation in Symbid Coop. 

Interest expense 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recognized interest expense associated with its debt balances as
follows: 

22 

8
  CAPITAL STOCK 

Common and Preferred Stock 

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the
issuance of 300,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of
290,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of
 blank check  preferred stock, $0.001 par value per
share. 

Net Loss per Share 

Basic and diluted net loss per share is presented in conformity
with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share, for all periods presented.
In accordance with this guidance, basic and diluted net loss per
common share was determined by dividing net loss applicable to
common stockholders by the weighted-average common shares
outstanding during the period. In a period where there is a net
loss position, diluted weighted-average shares are the same as
basic weighted-average shares. Shares used in the diluted net loss
per common share calculation exclude potentially dilutive share
equivalents as the effect would be antidilutive. As of September
30, 2016, there are 5,853,530 Investor and 93,000 Broker Warrants
which are excluded on the aforementioned basis. As of
September 30, 2016, there are 55,817,817 shares related to the
convertible Notes that would be potentially dilutive if
converted. 

Private Placement Offerings 

On June 16, 2015, the Company completed a private placement
offering in which 200,000 shares of common stock were sold to a
related party at $.50 per share generating gross proceeds of
$100,000. In connection with the private placement offering the
Company incurred advisory and professional fees of
$1,050. 

On January 28, 2015, the Company completed a private placement
offering in which 1,248,232 shares of common stock were sold at
$.50 per share generating gross proceeds of $624,116. In connection
with the private placement offering the Company incurred advisory
and professional fees of $21,410. 

2013 Stock Incentive Plan 

Before the Share Exchange on December 6, 2013, our Board of
Directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ), which provides for
the issuance of incentive awards of up to 5,000,000 shares of our
common stock to officers, key employees, consultants and directors.
Refer to Note 10 on share based compensation
plans. 

23 

8   CAPITAL STOCK   (Continued)  

Common Stock Issued for Services 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
249,567 shares common stock as consideration for professional
services valued at $77,701. These services had been accrued for as
of March 31, 2016 and resulted in a non-cash financing adjustment
when issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No
shares were issued for services during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company issued 71,911 and 74,991 shares
of   common stock 
 as consideration for professional
services valued at $21,930 and $88,859.  

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company issued 222,763 and 455,913 shares of fully vested
restricted common stock to non- employee advisors and consultants
as consideration for services performed. The fair value of fully
vested restricted common stock issued to advisors and consultants
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was
$66,474 and $159,826. 

9   NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

The composition of the net loss attributable to noncontrolling
interests are as follows: 

The composition of noncontrolling interests as reported in the
balance sheets are as follows: 

Symbid Italia 

In connection with the formation of Symbid Italia on February 20,
2015 (Refer to Note 1), the Company paid $284,525 for a 50.1%
ownership interest. Two other shareholders obtained 29.94% and
19.96% ownership interests and collectively own a 49.9%
noncontrolling interest in Symbid Italia. Upon formation, to
reflect the Company s 50.1% equity interest in Symbid Italia,
we reduced our investment through a charge to additional paid
capital of $129,918. The reduction to additional paid in capital
reallocated the equity balances between the Company s
controlling interest and the noncontrolling interest. 

24 

9   NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS   (Continued)  

From the date of formation through December 31, 2015, Symbid Italia
incurred operating losses, of approximately $118,000. Based thereon
and following an extensive review of the prospects of Symbid Italia
developing profitable operations in the near future and beyond, the
board of directors and shareholders of Symbid Italia have
determined that further investment in Symbid Italia is not
warranted. This conclusion was based upon an assessment of the
current and expected medium term Italian equity crowdfunding
market, the view that the current European regulatory framework for
equity crowdfunding reflects a country by country market rather
than a pan European market which greatly limits expected synergies
and economies of scale and because the Italian equity crowdfunding
regulations restrict the ability to attract non-domestic investors.
At the direction of the Symbid Italia board of directors, a special
Symbid Italia shareholder meeting was held on April 29, 2016, at
which it was determined to liquidate Symbid Italia and return the
residual capital to the Symbid Italia shareholders. 

On May 26, 2016, the Symbid Italia was liquidated and the Company
received proceeds of $44,744 and recognized a loss on derecognition
of $2,986 which is included in other expense in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016. The loss represents the difference
between the fair value of the proceeds received, the carrying
amount of the noncontrolling interest and the carrying amount of
Symbid Italia s net assets at May 26, 2016. 

Refer to Notes 1 and 12 for the discussion regarding the loss of
the control in Symbid Coop subsequent to the reporting period
end. 

10 - SHARE BASED COMPENSATION PLANS 

2013 Stock Incentive Plan 

Under the 2013 Plan, 5 million shares of the Company s common
stock have been reserved for issuance to officers, employees,
directors, consultants and advisors to the Company. The stock plan
provides for grants of options, stock appreciation rights,
performance share awards, restricted stock and restricted stock
unit awards ( the Awards ). Up to 1,666,666 shares may
be granted during the first 12 months following the Share Exchange
and the remaining 3,333,332 shares may be granted during the first
24 months following the Share Exchange. As of September 30, 2016,
there are 3,716,932 shares available for issuance under the 2013
Plan.  The vesting period for the Awards under the 2013 Plan
is determined by the Board at the date of grant and is generally
one year. No awards were granted to employees or non-employees
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Employee Share Based Compensation 

There were no restricted stock unit grants to employees during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  During the
three months ended September 30, 2015 133,332 restricted stock
units ("RSUs") were awarded  to four
members of management under the 2013 Plan.  During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we awarded 280,568 RSUs
 to five employees and four members of
management under the 2013 Plan.  

Each restricted stock unit represents the right to receive one
share of our restricted common stock upon vesting. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 4,610
and 168,379 RSUs vested, respectively. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, there were 165,081 and 367,890
forfeitures  of restricted stock, respectively.  During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, 8,000 and 888,736 RSUs
vested.   During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were nil
and 9,750 forfeitures   of restricted stock. The fair market
value for stock-based compensation expense is equal to the closing
price of our common stock on the date of grant, which is measured
based on the publicly traded share price.   The restrictions on the stock awards
are released generally over one year.  

25 

10 - SHARE BASED COMPENSATION PLANS   (Continued)  

Due to forfeitures of unvested awards during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company reversed share based compensation
expense for employee awards of approximately $14,000, all of which
was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. The
Company recognized share based compensation expense for employee
awards of approximately $28,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, of which approximately $29,000 is recorded in selling,
general and administrative expenses and $1,000 was reversed from
research and development expense. 

The Company recognized share based compensation expense for
employee awards of approximately $11,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, of which $10,000 and $1,000 was recorded in
selling, general and administrative expenses and research and
development, respectively. The Company recognized share based
compensation expense for employee awards of approximately $242,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, of which $209,000 and
$33,000 is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses
and research and development, respectively. 

There is no unrecognized compensation expense for unvested employee
RSU  at September 30, 2016. 

Non-employee Share Based Compensation 

Share- based compensation expense related to restricted stock and
restricted stock units (collectively  Non-Employee
Awards ) granted to non- employees is measured at the fair
value of consideration received or the fair value of the equity
instruments issued or liabilities incurred, whichever is more
reliably measured. The cost of the share based payments to non-
employees that are fully vested and non- forfeitable as at the
grant date are remeasured and recognized at that date, unless there
is a contractual term for services, in which case such compensation
would be amortized over the contractual term.   For the nine month period ended September 30,
2016, no equity awards were granted to non- employees under the
2013 Plan.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we awarded 30,000
RSU s  to one advisor under the
2013 Plan.   There were no grants
during the three month period ended September 30, 2015. During the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, -0- and
17,505 Awards vested. During the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2015, 56,500 and 137,500 Awards vested. As of
September 30, 2016, no non-employees have forfeited restricted
stock or RSUs awarded under the 2013 Plan.  

Under the 2013 Plan, for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recognized share based compensation expense
for non-employees of nil and $4,038, all of which was recorded in
selling general and administrative expenses. As of September 30,
2016, the Company has recorded approximately $13,000 in accrued
expenses and other liabilities related to these non- employee share
arrangements, which are either subject to continued contractual
service conditions or have not been settled in common stock of the
Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
the Company recognized share based compensation expense for
non-employees of $11,000 and $30,000. There was no unrecognized
compensation expense for unvested non-employee RSUs at September
30, 2016. 

26 

11   COMMITMENTS 

Fortion Agreement 

On December 8, 2014, we entered into an agreement with Fortion
Holding B.V., a Netherlands limited liability corporation
conducting its business under the trade name Credion. Under the
agreement with Credion, for the period January 1, 2016 through
December 31, 2017, we may be required to issue up to an additional
750,000 shares of our restricted common stock as
follows: 

The number of shares to be issued for each of 2016 and 2017 will be
based upon the number of monitoring start packages of EUR 300 times
the number of companies purchasing those packages from us that have
been introduced to us by Credion. The value of this turnover will
be translated into a number of shares of restricted stock based on
the fair value valuation as at December 31 of the relevant time
periods as defined in the table above, and maximized at the number
of shares for the specific period payable on December 31, 2016 and
2017. For the year ended December 31, 2015, 5 monitoring start
packages were sold under the agreement and an accrual of
approximately $1,700 has been recorded in accrued expenses and
other current liabilities at September 30, 2016. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, no monitoring start packages were
sold under the agreement. 

12- SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Employment Agreements 

Effective
October 12, 2016, each of the executive officers, Korstiaan
Zandvliet, Maarten van der Sanden and Robin Slakhorst, executed
amendments to their respective employment agreements pursuant to
which each executive agreed to have their base salaries reduced to
zero retroactive to August 1, 2016. No other changes were made to
the employment agreements. 

On
November 1, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into agreements with Symbid
Coop and persons having employment agreements with Symbid B.V.,
providing for the termination of all Symbid B.V. employment
agreements and the entry into new agreements between such employees
and Symbid Coop. 

Robin Slakhorst resigned as the Company s Chief Commercial
Officer and as a Director effective the close of business on
November 15, 2016. The resignation of Mr. Slakhorst was not the
result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter related
to our operations, policies or practices. 

27 

12- SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   (Continued)  

Debt restructuring 

On
November 15, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Termination and
Conversion Agreement with each of the holders of the 2016 Notes,
pursuant to which the holders agreed to the termination of their
2016 Notes in exchange for their receipt of equity participation
rights in Symbid Coop. An aggregate of $550,000 in principal amount
of 2016 Notes together with all accrued interest due thereon was
cancelled and participation rights representing an aggregate of
18.75% of the equity in Symbid Coop was issued. 

On
November 15, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Termination and
Conversion Agreement with each of the holders of the 2015 Notes
pursuant to which the holders agreed to the termination of their
respective 2015 Notes in exchange for equity participation rights
in Symbid Coop and/or a right of first refusal with respect to any
direct or indirect activities of Symbid Corp. and related entities
and any future group companies in the field of funds activities and
mandates for asset management in the small and medium enterprise
( SME ) segment. As to Symbid Corp., the right of first
refusal shall terminate if and when there is a change in control of
Symbid Corp. involving another entity with business activities
different from those currently undertaken by Symbid Corp. In
connection with the foregoing, one note holder of $1,175,000 in
principal amount of 2015 Notes agreed to receive the right of first
refusal pursuant to a Right of First Refusal Agreement executed on
November 15, 2016, in combination with an equity participation in
Symbid Coop while all of the other holders agreed to receive equity
participation rights in Symbid Coop. An aggregate of $1,310,000 in
principal amount of 2015 Notes together with all accrued interest
due thereon was cancelled and participation rights representing an
aggregate of 6.5% of the profit rights in Symbid Coop was issued.
The Note Termination and Conversion Agreements also provided for
the termination of pre-emptive rights which holders of the 2015
Notes had been granted in connection with their purchases of 2015
Notes.   

On
November 15, 2016, a note holder entered into the Right of First
Refusal Agreement ( ROFRA ) described above, with the
Company, Symbid Holding, Symbid Coop, Stichting Symbid IP
Foundation ( IP Foundation ), Korstiaan Zandvliet,
Maarten van der Sanden and Robin Slakhorst. The ROFRA requires
Symbid Corp. and related parties to inform the note holder in
writing, accompanied by a reasonably detailed business plan, of any
asset management activities to be undertaken by any of the Symbid
group companies after having developed a material marketing plan at
least 60 days before such intended asset management activity is
marketed. The note holder shall have 15 days after receipt of
notice to inform the Symbid Corp. related parties as to its
intention to exercise the right of first refusal. The ROFRA has a
term which runs through December 31, 2020. 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into an agreement with
Voyager Beheer BV ( Voyager ) and Symbid Coop which
provided for the termination of the September 15, 2011
 66,950 subordinated related party loan from Symbid B.V. to
Voyager, including all accrued interest due thereon, in
consideration for a 1.33% participation in Symbid
Coop. 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into an agreement with
Rabobank Leiden-Katwijk ( Rabobank ), IP Foundation and
Symbid Coop pursuant to which Symbid B.V. s outstanding
 52,959 debt to Rabobank and all accrued interest due thereon
will be transferred to and assumed by Symbid Coop. The agreement
further provided that a related line of credit with an amount due
of  60,500 be transferred to and assumed by Symbid Coop. The
agreement contains a condition precedent for an approval required
by RVO, a Dutch government agency, for the transaction to be
completed. 

28 

12- SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   (Continued)  

On
November 18, 2016 the Company settled approximately  101,000
in debts with two creditors through agreements with Symbid Coop
under which the creditors agreed to the termination of the debts in
consideration of receiving participation rights in Symbid Coop
aggregating to 5% of Symbid Coop. 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid Coop assumed certain debts and obligations
from Symbid B.V. in consideration of cancellation of the current
account between Symbid B.V. and Symbid Coop and office furniture
from Symbid B.V. to be obtained in return by Symbid Coop, under the
suspending condition that all other debts and obligations of Symbid
B.V. are settled, with the exception of any liabilities owed to
Symbid Corp. or Symbid Holding B.V. by Symbid B.V. 

License Agreements 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. and Symbid Coop entered into an
Intellectual Property License Termination Agreement which
terminated the April 13, 2011 License Agreement between them
retroactive to November 1, 2016. 

On
November 15, 2016 IP Foundation and Symbid Holding executed
Addendum 2 to their Intellectual Property License and Transfer
Agreement dated October 16, 2013 to enable IP Foundation to grant a
non-exclusive license to Symbid Coop in return for Symbid
Coop s bearing the costs for the further development of the
related software, intellectual property rights and know-how. This
was done in recognition of the fact that Symbid Holding is no
longer able to continue development of the software in compliance
with applicable Netherlands laws and regulations. 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid Coop and IP Foundation entered into an
Intellectual Property License and Transfer Agreement (the
 Agreement ) with retroactive effect to November 1,
2016 pursuant to which IP Foundation granted Symbid Coop a
perpetual, royalty free license which included the right to grant
sublicenses to affiliates of Symbid Coop to use the Symbid online
crowdfunding platform to conduct crowdfunding business worldwide
and to further develop and maintain the platform. Any sublicenses
granted to Symbid Coop affiliates are required to provide for the
subsequent transfer of any intellectual property rights and know
how relating to the Symbid platform created by such affiliates to
Symbid Coop. In the Agreement, Symbid Coop acknowledged and agreed
that all intellectual property rights and other ownership rights in
the intellectual property would remain with IP
Foundation. 

On
November 15, 2016, the Company settled approximately  15,000
in debts with one creditor through a settlement agreement. The
creditor is the owner of the FAC monitoring technology intellectual
property rights for which we hold through our wholly owned
subsidiary FAC B.V. the exclusive perpetual worldwide free of
charge license. In consideration of the settlement of  15,000
the terms of the license were changed to a non-exclusive perpetual
worldwide free of charge license. 

Deconsolidation of Symbid Coop 

As
the result of the restructuring, our previous crowdfunding platform
in the Netherlands will be operated through Symbid Coop. We
previously controlled and operated Symbid Coop through corporate
governance but as the result of the restructuring, Symbid Coop has
become an independent entity. As we do not currently have the
resources available to continue the software development of the
online funding platform, Symbid Coop will be required to further
develop the software for operating the crowdfunding platform under
the laws and regulations of The Netherlands before January 1, 2017
in order to remain compliant. Symbid Coop has, in return for
reimbursing the further development of the software, been granted a
non-exclusive license to the intellectual property from IP
Foundation in order to continue crowdfunding operations in The
Netherlands. We will continue to hold an identical non-exclusive
license to the intellectual property of the crowdfunding platform
whereby we will be allowed to use the most up to date versions of
the software and other intellectual property. 

Issuances of common stock 

On
December 8, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 188,832 shares of our
restricted common stock to three advisors and four former board
members in connection with the vesting of restricted stock
units. 

On
December 9, 2016, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
with CKR Law LLP ("CKR"), pursuant to which we issued 149,863,484
shares of our restricted common stock to CKR and its designees for
(i) the cancellation of an aggregate of $86,456.41 due from the
Company to CKR for services and expense reimbursements; (ii) a cash
payment of $43,614 to be used to pay an aggregate of $37,614 to
creditors of the Company, including payments required to enable the
filing of this Quarterly Report; and (iii) the commitment of CKR to
fund, to the extent future net revenues of the Company prove
insufficient, additional operating expenses of the Company
necessary to ensure its continuing operation and existence until
such time that the Company can fund operations independently or
until the Company completes an acquisition, business continuation,
or similar transaction with an operating entity in a transaction
that results in a change of control. 

29 

ITEM
2.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

The following management s discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and
the related notes thereto contained in this report. The
management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements, such as statements of our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements
of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the
words  believe,   plan, 
 intend,   anticipate, 
 target,   estimate,   expect 
and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions
( will,   may,   could, 
 should,  etc.), or similar expressions, identify
certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements. The Company s
actual results and the timing of events could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of several factors. The Company does not undertake any
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances occurring after the date of this
report. 

The
following discussion highlights the Company s results of
operations and the principal factors that have affected our
financial condition, as well as our liquidity and capital resources
for the periods described, and provides information that management
believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the
statements of financial condition and results of operations
presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based
on the Company s unaudited financial statements contained in
this Quarterly Report, which we have prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles. You should
read this discussion and analysis together with such financial
statements and the related notes thereto. 

Company
Background 

Founded
in The Netherlands in April 2011 as the provider of one of the
first crowdfunding platforms, our business evolved in 2015 into a
fully integrated, data driven, user friendly online funding network
consisting of several products and services known as The Funding
Network . The Funding Network  is intended to give
small and medium sized entities ( SMEs ) direct access
to all forms of finance, while offering investors full transparency
on the potential risks and return of their portfolios and was
developed in response to the following funding hurdles affecting
entrepreneurs and investors in general and SMEs in
particular: 

Limited or no
structured distribution channels for SME finance other than banks,
increasing the mismatch between entrepreneurs and
financiers; 

No centralized
platform for (alternative) financiers, making it difficult and
inefficient to find the right financier at the right
time; 

No standardized
data protocols for SME data, leading to costly and time-intensive
(offline) screening and monitoring; 

30 

Limited financial
skills of entrepreneurs leading to unnecessary inefficiencies and
obstacles within the financing process; and 

Decline in bank
financing due to new regulations and recent financial crises,
leaving a vacuum in the life cycle of SME financing. 

Since
2011, we have been a Dutch leader in equity-based crowdfunding
having funded 125 small and medium sized enterprises
( SME ) with over  12.9 million (approximately
$14.5 million) in total crowdfunding volume since inception. As of
September 30, 2016, we had a community of approximately 40,000
active investors. 

Presently, all of
the entrepreneurs making use of our crowdfunding platforms are
located in The Netherlands and all of the investors are located in
Europe with approximately 80% of such investors being located in
The Netherlands. We do not presently provide equity based
crowdfunding in the United States or to United States investors.
The regulations governing equity based crowdfunding in the United
States have not yet been adopted. There can be no assurance given
that following the adoption of these regulations, we will be able
to structure our United States crowdfunding operations, if any, in
a manner that complies with such regulations. 

On
December 8, 2014 we entered into an agreement (the
 Agreement ) with Fortion Holding B.V., a Netherlands
limited liability corporation conducting its business under the
trade name Credion ( Credion ). Credion provides
financial advisory services in the Dutch small and medium
enterprise ( SME ) markets and specializes in debt and
equity financings for SMEs. The Agreement provides for a strategic
alliance between us and Credion in which Credion s extensive
network of investors and entrepreneurs will be connected with each
other through our online funding platform. Credion will process the
funding for its SME clients through our platform resulting in
monthly recurring revenue and transaction fees for us. The alliance
is intended to provide more efficient access to capital for SMEs
while greatly improving SME data monitoring standards for
investors. SMEs utilizing the platform will have direct access to
Credion s investor clients as well as our
investors. 

Symbid
Co peratie U.A. is the contractor for all of our crowdfunding
business in the Netherlands. We do not own or have any interest in
Symbid Co peratie U.A. Symbid Co peratie U.A is a
variable interest entity ( VIE ) which we, through
Symbid B.V., effectively control through corporate governance
rather than through any ownership. Because we own no interest in
Symbid Co peratie U.A., we have no right to receive any
distributions from Symbid Co peratie U.A. The revenues to us
from Symbid Co peratie U.A. come from administrative, success
and management fees paid to us by Symbid Co peratie U.A.
Because of the corporate governance control structure, we
consolidate the financial statements of Symbid Co peratie U.A.
with our own. If we were to lose control of Symbid Co peratie
U.A. through a loss of our majority vote on the members 
counsel of Symbid Co peratie U.A., we would not be able to
continue to consolidate the financial results of Symbid
Co peratie U.A. and this would have a negative impact on our
financial condition and results of operations. For the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately 94% and 80%
of our revenues, respectively, were derived from Symbid
Co peratie U.A. For the nine month period ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 we had net losses of $2,152,268 and $1,767,314,
respectively. 

31 

In
August 2014 we incorporated in Germany our indirect, majority
owned, subsidiary Symbid Germany GmbH. We contributed capital of
$7,749 to this subsidiary, which is currently an entity without
operations. After the strategic decision to put the
internationalization on hold we cannot provide an outlook on when
this entity will be capitalized and become commercially
operational. 

Further
to the planned European expansion of our equity crowdfunding
operations, on February 20, 2015, Symbid Italia SPA ( Symbid
Italia ), an Italian corporation created to develop the
business of equity crowdfunding in Italy, was formed by our wholly
owned subsidiary, Symbid Holding B.V., together with Banca Sella
Holding SPA ( Banca Sella ) and Marco Bicocchi Pichi.
In connection with the formation of Symbid Italia, we paid $
284,525 for a 50.1% ownership interest. Banca Sella holds a 29.94%
ownership interest and Mr. Pichi holds a 19.96% interest. During
the second quarter of 2016, after an extensive review of the
prospects of Symbid Italia developing profitable operations in the
near future and beyond, the board of directors and shareholders of
Symbid Italia determined to liquidate Symbid Italia and return the
residual capital to the shareholders of Symbid Italia (See Item 5.
Other Information for additional details) 

In June
2015, our loan crowdfunding program was launched, and in the
beginning of July 2015 our first successful loan crowdfunding
campaign was realized. The launch of this peer-to-business lending
service complements our existing equity crowdfunding service and
supports the development of our online funding platform for
start-ups and small businesses, The Funding Network. Based on our
existing crowdfunding technology, loan crowdfunding by Symbid will
enable established businesses with at least 3 years of activity and
positive cash flows to borrow money from a large group of
investors, the  crowd . The loan crowdfunding product
has been tested with the successfully realized campaign, but in
2016 no additional loan crowdfunding campaigns were launched.
Within the current market we recognize a risk reward perception at
investors which is out of balance in our view. Within this dynamic
we cannot guarantee to be offering both investors and entrepreneurs
a fair proposition. 

This
service operates through a transaction-based model similar to our
current equity crowdfunding service. There is a fixed 1% success
fee upon the successful funding of a loan crowdfunding campaign,
paid by the business, plus 1% per year for the term of the loan
immediately payable upon successful closing of the campaign. In
addition, investors are being charged a flat 1% administration
fee. 

To
operate the loan crowdfunding Symbid Co peratie UA obtained an
exemption to mediate in redeemable funds from the Dutch Authority
Financial Markets. 

Progress
on cost reduction program 

During
the third quarter we focused on attracting additional capital in
order to prevent bankruptcy. In addition to our capital search
efforts we continued to cut back on costs. Due to our liquidity
problems we laid off employees in the second and third quarter and
reduced our employee head count to 8. As of August 1, 2016,
management decided to reduce salaries to nil in order to extend the
life of the Company and increase the chances of raising additional
capital from investors. As part of our cost reduction program, we
closed both our offices in Amsterdam and Milan during early 2016.
In addition, we ceased internal product technology development
efforts and international business development. The focus of the
Company going forward will be to provide online funding services
and licensing of our developed technology with minimal operational
costs, whereby the geographical focus will be on The
Netherlands. 

32 

Subsequent
events 

Because
we were not able to raise additional capital from investors in the
fourth quarter we were forced to enter into settlements with our
creditors and note holders and restructure the Company. This
restructuring caused us to curtail certain business operations and
change our focus from the operation of online funding platforms and
the provision of software solutions for the alternative financing
in the SME market to the licensing of available software packages
for which we own or license the intellectual property. 

The
revised business model will require fewer employees, advisors and
consultants and will be more economical to operate than our past
operations. Over the past few years we have developed several
software products suitable for the alternative market which we will
continue to offer to and operate with third parties. Such products
and related services include white label versions of crowdfunding
software for investor groups and monitoring software to provide
investors with ongoing insight into the performance of SMEs to
which they have loaned money. Related licensing fees and
subscription agreements may include set fees and yearly
contribution fees. 

Our
goal is to substantially reduce or eliminate our debt, continue to
operate our business and negotiate a possible acquisition or other
business combination with another operating entity. There can be no
assurance that we will be successful in this endeavor or that if a
business combination is consummated that it will be on favorable
terms. In the interim, we will continue forward with our business
operations under the revised business model. 

As the
result of the restructuring, our previous crowdfunding platform in
the Netherlands will be operated through Symbid Co peratie UA
( Symbid Co p ). We previously controlled and
operated Symbid Co peratie UA through corporate governance but
as the result of the restructuring, Symbid Co p has become an
independent entity. As we do not currently have the resources
available to continue the software development of the online
funding platform, Symbid Co p will be required to further
develop the software for operating the crowdfunding platform under
the laws and regulations of The Netherlands before January 1, 2017
in order to remain compliant. Symbid Co p has, in return for
reimbursing the further development of the software, been granted a
non-exclusive license to the intellectual property from IP
Foundation in order to continue crowdfunding operations in The
Netherlands. We will continue to hold an identical non-exclusive
license to the intellectual property of the crowdfunding platform
whereby we will be allowed to use the most up to date versions of
the software and other intellectual property. 

33 

Results
of Operations 

The
following tables set forth our condensed consolidated statements of
income data: 

Crowdfunding
Revenues 

Crowdfunding
Revenues were approximately $52,000 and $181,000 for the three and
nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $59,000
and $191,000 for the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2015. Revenues decreased for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 by approximately $7,000 and $10,000,
compared to prior year periods, respectively. The decrease compared
to the prior year periods ended September 30, 2016 is primarily
attributable to our ability to publish less crowdfunding campaigns
on our platform which resulted in lower crowdfunding volumes over
the reporting period. 

34 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general
and administrative expenses decreased for the three month period
ended September 30, 2016 by approximately $256,000 to $103,000
compared to $359,000 for the prior year period. For the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016 expenses decreased by approximately
$170,000 to $1,019,000 compared to $1,189,000 for the prior year
period. The decrease is primarily attributable to the
implementation of our cost reduction program, part of which was to
reduce head count to 8 FTE from the original 25 FTE by end of the
first quarter of 2016 and the closure of our office
locations. 

We
anticipate that selling, general, and administrative expenses will
continue to decrease as a result of the successful implementation
of the cost reduction program we described in more detail in above
sections. 

Professional
Fees 

Professional fees
decreased for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 by approximately $219,000 and $291,000 to $8,000 and $275,000
compared to $227,000 and $566,000 for the prior year periods. The
decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in complexity of
the services required to operate the Company since we had shifted
our core focus on the existing products in our home
market. 

Research
and Development 

Research and
development costs decreased for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 by approximately $3,000 and $25,000 to
$2,000 and $28,000 compared to $5,000 and $53,000 for the prior
year periods. The decrease is primarily attributable to a minimal
research and development activity within the Company since we had
shifted our core focus on the existing products in our home
market. 

Impairment
Expense 

During
the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 an
impairment of the intangible asset for the monitoring technology
resulted in an additional one-time impairment expense of $740,000.
The intangible asset has been impaired to a nil residual value due
to the strategic decisions impacting significantly the cash flow
generating ability of the asset going forward. However, we still
hold the non-exclusive license for the monitoring technology and
expect small amounts of revenues could be generated with the
commercialization. 

Other
Income and Expenses 

During
the three month period ended September 30, 2016, total other
expense increased by approximately $22,000 from $69,000 in other
expense to $91,000. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, total other expense increased by approximately $178,000 from
an expense of $71,000 to an expense of $249,000. The increase is
primarily attributable to an increase in the interest expense and
amortization of debt discount. 

35 

Loss
from Operations Before Noncontrolling Interests 

We
incurred net losses from operations of approximately $147,000 and
$2,152,000 and $632,000 and $1,767,000, respectively, for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.
The decrease in comparable losses for the three month period ended
September 30, 2106 was primarily due to the results from the
implementation of the cost reduction program in the second quarter
of 2016. The increase in comparable losses for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an impairment
of the intangible asset for the monitoring technology which
resulted in an additional one-time impairment expense of
$740,000. 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We will
need additional capital to implement our strategies. There is no
assurance that we will be able to raise the amount of capital that
we seek for acquisitions or for future growth plans. Even if
financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable
to us. In addition, we do not have any determined sources for any
future funding. If we are unable to raise the necessary capital at
the times we require such funding, we may have to materially change
our business plan, including delaying implementation of aspects of
our business plan or curtailing or abandoning our business plan. We
represent a speculative investment and investors may lose all of
their investment. In order to be able to achieve our strategic
goals, we need to further expand our business and financing
activities. We aim to accomplish these goals by further developing
our crowdfunding software platform, which will require future
capital and liquidity expansion. Since our inception in March 2011,
our shareholders have contributed a significant amount of capital,
making it possible for us to develop our crowdfunding platform,
services, and activities. To continue to develop our product
offerings, expand our services and to obtain international
coverage, a capital increase has been and will continue to be
required. 

Our
principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated from sales
of our equity and debt securities and cash generated from
operations. 

At
September 30, 2016, cash on hand was approximately $8,000, other
current assets excluding cash were $90,000 and we had a working
capital deficit of $430,000. At the same time, we had current
liabilities of approximately $528,000, which consisted principally
of accounts payable, accrued expenses and current maturities of
debt of $101,000, 262,000 and $109,000, respectively. At December
31, 2015, cash was approximately $554,000 and we had other current
assets excluding cash of $107,000. At the same time, we had current
liabilities of approximately $497,000 which consisted principally
of accounts payable and accrued expenses of $391,000, a significant
portion of which are attributable to an accrued advisory costs of
$89,000. Our working capital deficit at December 31, 2015 was
approximately $164,000. The decrease in our liquidity position at
September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 is primarily
attributable to the cash used in operating activities
.. 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately $1,088,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash
used of $1,458,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease in net cash used in operations was primarily due to
the implementation of the cost reduction program as discussed
above. During the three month period ended September 30, 2016 we
have implemented measures to decrease cash outflows including a
reduction of the salaries of management to zero, a further
reduction in the head count to 8 FTE and a decrease of the expenses
to professional fees. 

36 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used approximately
$51,000 of cash in investing activities. Upon liquidation, the
residual cash balance in Symbid Italia was distributed to the
investors which resulted in a net cash outflow of $45,000 in
deconsolidation. In the prior year period ended September 30, 2015,
we earned $20,000 of cash in investing activities. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash flows from
financing activities totaled $588,000 and $2,207,000, respectively.
Cash flows from financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 primarily relate to the proceeds from the
issuance of additional convertible notes to three
investors. 

General 

We will
only commit to capital expenditures for any future projects
requiring us to raise additional capital as and when adequate
capital or new lines of finance are made available to us. There is
no assurance that we will be able to obtain any financing or enter
into any form of credit arrangement. Although we may be offered
such financing, the terms may not be acceptable to us. If we are
not able to secure financing or it is offered on unacceptable
terms, then our business plan may have to be modified or curtailed
or certain aspects terminated. There is no assurance that even with
financing we will be able to achieve our goals. 

Going Concern 

Our
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
which assumes that we will be able to realize our assets and
discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business for the
foreseeable future. We have incurred losses since inception
resulting in an accumulated deficit of approximately $9,142,389 as
of September 30, 2016 and further losses are anticipated in the
development of our business raising substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon our generating profitable
operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing
to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from
normal business operations when they come due. Management intends
to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with
existing cash on hand and/or private placements of debt or equity
securities. No assurances can be given that we will be able to
raise cash from the sale of our securities or otherwise as or when
needed. Our failure to obtain needed financing may cause us to
curtail or cease operations. These financials do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and reclassification of
recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classifications of
liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

37 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

There
are no material changes from the critical accounting policies set
forth in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our
December 31, 2015 financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2016. Please
refer to that document for disclosures regarding the critical
accounting policies related to our business. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Contractual Obligations 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our
periodic reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. At the end of the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 we carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and the principal financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e)
and Rule 15d-15(e) under the 1934 Act. Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that as of September 30, 2016 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to material
weaknesses resulting from our Board of Directors not having any
independent members and the fact that no member of our Board of
Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as
defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Further, controls
were not designed and in place to insure that all required
disclosures were originally addressed in our financial
statements. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer), does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met. Further, the design of a control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not
limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be
faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or
mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the
individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of the control. The design of any
system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected. 

38 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

During
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, there have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
1.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may be a defendant and plaintiff in various legal
proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. We are
currently not a party to any material legal proceedings or
government actions, including any bankruptcy, receivership, or
similar proceedings. In addition, we are not aware of any known
litigation or liabilities involving the operators of our properties
that could affect our operations. Furthermore, as of the date of
this Quarterly Report, our management is not aware of any
proceedings to which any of our directors, officers, or affiliates,
or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate, or
security holder is a party adverse to our company or has a material
interest adverse to us. 

ITEM
1A.   RISK FACTORS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2.   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS 

On
December 8, 2016 we issued an aggregate of 188,832 shares of our
restricted common stock to three advisors and four former board
members in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units.
The shares were issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the  Securities
Act ) and/or Regulation S under the Securities
Act. 

On
December 9, 2016 we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
with CKR Law LLP ("CKR"), pursuant to which we issued 149,863,484
shares of our restricted common stock to CKR and its designees
for   (i) the
cancellation of an aggregate of $86,456.41 due from the Company to
CKR for services and expense reimbursements; (ii) a cash payment of
$43,614 to be used to pay an aggregate of $37,614 to creditors of
the Company, including payments required to enable the filing of
this Quarterly Report; and (iii) the commitment of CKR to fund, to
the extent future net revenues of the Company prove insufficient,
additional operating expenses of the Company necessary to ensure
its continuing operation and existence until such time that the
Company can fund operations independently or until the Company
completes an acquisition, business continuation, or similar
transaction with an operating entity in a transaction that results
in a change of control. The shares were issued in reliance on
Section(4)(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

39 

ITEM
3.   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

As of
September 30, 2016 we were in default with respect to the initial
interest payment which was due on July 14, 2016, with respect to an
aggregate of $60,000 in principal amount of 2015 8% Convertible
Promissory Notes dated July 14, 2015 (the  Notes ).
Subsequent to the period covered by the Report, all of the
defaulted notes were cancelled. See Item 5. 

As of
September 30, 2016 we were in default with respect to the initial
interest payment which was due on September 8, 2016, with respect
to an aggregate of $1,310,000 in principal amount of 2015 8%
Convertible Promissory Notes dated September 8, 2015 (the
 Notes ). Subsequent to the period covered by the
Report, all of the defaulted notes were cancelled. See Item
5. 

ITEM
4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
5.   OTHER INFORMATION 

Amendments to Employment Agreements 

On July
1, 2016, each of Korstiaan Zandvliet, our Chief Executive Officer
and President, Maarten van der Sanden, our Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Secretary, Robin Slakhorst, our Vice President, and
Jeroen Bontje, a key employee, executed amendments to their
respective employment agreements reducing their respective base
annual net salaries by around 50% to  19,200. No other
changes were made to such employment agreements. 

Effective October
12, 2016, each of our executive officers, Korstiaan Zandvliet,
Maarten van der Sanden and Robin Slakhorst, executed amendments to
their respective employment agreements pursuant to which each
executive agreed to have their base salaries reduced to zero
retroactive to August 1, 2016. No other changes were made to the
employment agreements. 

Debt Restructuring 

On
November 15, 2016, we entered into a Note Termination and
Conversion Agreement with each of the holders of our 2016 3-year,
8% unsecured convertible notes (the  2016 Notes ),
pursuant to which the holders agreed to the termination of their
2016 Notes in exchange for their receipt of equity participation
rights in Symbid Co peratie U.A. ( SC ). An
aggregate of $550,000 in principal amount of 2016 Notes together
with all accrued interest due thereon was cancelled and
participation rights representing an aggregate of 18.75% of the
equity in SC was issued. 

40 

On
November 15, 2016, we entered into a Note Termination and
Conversion Agreement with each of the holders of our 2015 3-year 8%
unsecured convertible notes (the  2015 Notes ) pursuant
to which the holders agreed to the termination of their respective
2015 Notes in exchange for equity participation rights in SC and/or
a right of first refusal with respect to any direct or indirect
activities of Symbid Corp. and related entities and any future
group companies in the field of funds activities and mandates for
asset management in the small and medium enterprise
( SME ) segment. As to Symbid Corp., the right of first
refusal shall terminate if and when there is a change in control of
Symbid Corp. involving another entity with business activities
different from those currently undertaken by Symbid Corp. In
connection with the foregoing, one note holder of $1,175,000 in
principal amount of 2015 Notes agreed to receive the right of first
refusal pursuant to a Right of First Refusal Agreement executed on
November 15, 2016, in combination with an equity participation in
SC while all of the other holders agreed to receive equity
participation rights in SC. An aggregate of $1,310,000 in principal
amount of 2015 Notes together with all accrued interest due thereon
was cancelled and participation rights representing an aggregate of
6.5% of the profit rights in SC was issued. The Note Termination
and Conversion Agreements also provided for the termination of
pre-emptive rights which holders of the 2015 Notes had been granted
in connection with their purchases of 2015 Notes. 

On
November 15, 2016, a note holder entered into the Right of First
Refusal Agreement ( ROFRA ) described above, with us,
Symbid Holding B.V. ( Symbid Holding ), SC, Stichting
Symbid IP Foundation ( IP Foundation ), Korstiaan
Zandvliet, Maarten van der Sanden and Robin Slakhorst. The ROFRA
requires Symbid Corp. and related parties to inform the note holder
in writing, accompanied by a reasonably detailed business plan, of
any asset management activities to be undertaken by any of the
Symbid group companies after having developed a material marketing
plan at least 60 days before such intended asset management
activity is marketed. The note holder shall have 15 days after
receipt of notice to inform the Symbid Corp. related parties as to
its intention to exercise the right of first refusal. The ROFRA has
a term which runs through December 31, 2020. 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into an agreement with
Voyager Beheer BV ( Voyager ) and SC which provided for
the termination of a September 15, 2011  66,950 promissory
note from Symbid B.V. to Voyager, including all accrued interest
due thereon, in consideration of the grant to Voyager of a 1.33%
participation in SC. 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into an agreement with
Rabobank Leiden-Katwijk ( Rabobank ), IP Foundation and
SC pursuant to which Symbid B.V. s outstanding  52,959
debt to Rabobank and all accrued interest due thereon will be
transferred to and assumed by SC. The agreement further provided
that a related line of credit with an amount due of  60,500
be transferred to and assumed by SC. The agreement contains a
condition precedent for an approval required by RVO, a Dutch
government agency, for the transaction to be
completed. 

On
November 18, 2016 we settled approximately  101,000 in debts
with two creditors through agreements with SC under which the
creditors agreed to the termination of the debts in consideration
of receiving participation rights in SC aggregating to 5% of
SC. 

41 

On
November 1, 2016 Symbid B.V. entered into agreements with SC and
persons having employment agreements with Symbid B.V., providing
for the termination of all Symbid B.V. employment agreements and
the entry into new agreements between such employees and
SC. 

On
November 15, 2016 SC assumed certain debts and obligations from
Symbid B.V. in consideration of cancellation of the current account
between Symbid B.V. and SC and office furniture from Symbid B.V. to
be obtained in return by SC, under the suspending condition that
all other debts and obligations of Symbid B.V. are settled, with
the exception of any liabilities owed to Symbid Corp. or Symbid
Holding B.V. by Symbid B.V. 

License Agreements 

On
November 15, 2016 Symbid B.V. and SC entered into an Intellectual
Property License Termination Agreement which terminated the April
13, 2011 License Agreement between them retroactive to November 1,
2016. 

On
November 15, 2016 IP Foundation and Symbid Holding executed
Addendum 2 to their Intellectual Property License and Transfer
Agreement dated October 16, 2013 to enable IP Foundation to grant a
non-exclusive license to SC in return for SC s bearing the
costs for the further development of the related software,
intellectual property rights and know-how. This was done in
recognition of the fact that Symbid Holding is no longer able to
continue development of the software in compliance with applicable
Netherlands laws and regulations. 

On
November 15, 2016 SC and IP Foundation entered into an Intellectual
Property License and Transfer Agreement (the
 Agreement ) with retroactive effect to November 1,
2016 pursuant to which IP Foundation granted SC a perpetual,
royalty free license which included the right to grant sublicenses
to affiliates of SC to use the Symbid online crowdfunding platform
to conduct crowdfunding business worldwide and to further develop
and maintain the platform. Any sublicenses granted to SC affiliates
are required to provide for the subsequent transfer of any
intellectual property rights and know how relating to the Symbid
platform created by such affiliates to SC. In the Agreement, SC
acknowledged and agreed that all intellectual property rights and
other ownership rights in the intellectual property would remain
with IP Foundation. 

On
November 15, 2016 we settled approximately  15,000 in debts
with one creditor through a settlement agreement. The creditor is
the owner of the FAC monitoring technology intellectual property
rights for which we hold through our wholly owned subsidiary FAC
B.V. the exclusive perpetual worldwide free of charge license. In
consideration of the settlement of  15,000 the terms of the
license were changed to a non-exclusive perpetual worldwide free of
charge license. 

Officer/Director Resignation 

Robin
Slakhorst resigned as our Chief Commercial Officer and as a
Director effective the close of business on November 15, 2016. The
resignation of Mr. Slakhorst was not the result of any disagreement
with us on any matter related to our operations, policies or
practices. 

42 

General 

Our
expenses have outpaced our revenues since our inception causing
liquidity issues and raising substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. In recognition thereof, we have
implemented strategies to reduce expenses and restructure our
operations. Such restructuring, as described elsewhere in this
Report, has caused us to curtail certain of our operations and
change our business focus from the operation of online funding
platforms and the provision of software solutions for the
alternative financing market for the SME market to the licensing of
available software packages for which we own or license the
intellectual property. 

The
revised business model requires fewer employees, advisors and
consultants and will be more economical to operate than our past
operations. Over the past few years we have developed several
software products suitable for the alternative market which we will
continue to offer to and operate with third parties. Such products
and related services include white label versions of crowdfunding
software for investor groups and monitoring software to provide
investors with ongoing insight into the performance of SMEs to
which they have loaned money. Related licensing fees and
subscription agreements may include set fees and yearly
contribution fees. 

Our
goal is to substantially reduce or eliminate our debt which we have
done, continue to operate our business and negotiate a possible
acquisition or other business combination with another operating
entity. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
this endeavor or that if a business combination is consummated that
it will be on favorable terms. In the interim, we will continue
forward with our ongoing business operations. 

As the
result of the restructuring, our previous crowdfunding platform in
the Netherlands will be operated through SC. We previously
controlled and operated SC through corporate governance but as the
result of the restructuring, SC has become an independent entity.
As we do not currently have the resources available to continue the
software development of the online funding platform, SC will be
required to further develop the software for operating the
crowdfunding platform under the laws and regulations of The
Netherlands before January 1, 2017 in order to remain compliant. SC
has, in return for reimbursing the further development of the
software, been granted a non-exclusive license to the intellectual
property from IP Foundation in order to continue crowdfunding
operations in The Netherlands. We will continue to hold an
identical non-exclusive license to the intellectual property of the
crowdfunding platform whereby we will be allowed to use the most up
to date versions of the software and other intellectual
property. 

ITEM
6.   EXHIBITS 

In
reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-Q,
please remember that they are included to provide you with
information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide
any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or
the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain
representations and warranties by each of the parties to the
applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have
been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable
agreement and: 

should not in all
instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather
as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those
statements prove to be inaccurate; 

43 

have been qualified
by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with
the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are
not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 

may apply standards
of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed
as material to you or other investors; and 

were made only as
of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates
as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent
developments. 

Accordingly, these
representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of
affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.
Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in
this Form 10-Q and the Company s other public filings, which
are available without charge through the SEC s website at
http://www.sec.gov. 

The
following exhibits are included as part of this
report: 

**This
certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed
 filed  with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the
Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that
section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates
it by reference 

44 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SYMBID
CORP.     

December
14, 2016 

By: 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Korstiaan
Zandvliet, Chief Executive Officer     

SYMBID
CORP.     

December
14, 2016 

By: 

/s/ Maarten van der Sanden 

Maarten van der
Sanden, Chief Financial Officer     

45 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 sbid_ex101.htm
 FORM OF NOVEMBER 15, 2016 NOTE TERMINATION AND CONVERSION AGREEMENT

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

NOTE
TERMINATION AND CONVERSION AGREEMENT 

This
Note Termination and Conversion Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is made and entered
into as of November 15, 2016 by and among Symbid Corp., a Nevada
corporation with a place of business at Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK
Rotterdam, The Netherlands (  SBID  ), Symbid Co peratie
U.A., a variable interest Netherlands entity with a place of
business at Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, The Netherlands
(  SC  ) and
 XX , with a place of
business at  XX , The
Netherlands (the   Noteholder  ). 

WHEREAS,  SBID issued a $ XX  June 1, 2016 promissory note
to the Noteholder, a copy of which is annexed hereto as Schedule A
(the   Note  )
and 

WHEREAS,  the parties have agreed to
terminate the Note and not require the payment of principal and
interest thereon effective as of November 15, 2016;
and 

WHEREAS,  SC is the licensee for all of
SBID S private and public placement (crowdfunding) business
in The Netherlands; and 

WHEREAS,  SC is a variable interest
entity which SBID effectively controls through corporate governance
rather than ownership; and 

WHEREAS,  SBID receives currently
revenues from SC through Intellectual Property  ( IP )  license fees, where
it is envisioned SC will be granted a designated IP license
directly from its owner Stichting Symbid IP Foundation to conduct
its business in the Netherlands whereby it will be agreed SC will
reimburse the further development of the IP for which SBID will
receive in return a non-exclusive license on usage of the further
by SC developed IP; and 

WHEREAS,  SBID intends to liquidate the
participations in both Equidam Holding B.V. and Kredietpaspoort
Co peratie UA under condition the required approvals through,
not limited to but including, a shareholder vote will be obtained;
and 

WHEREAS,  in consideration of the
termination of the Note, SBID and SC have agreed to grant to
Noteholder, or any by Noteholder assigned party, an equity interest
in SC consisting of  XX  units ( XX % of the future profit rights
and  XX % of the
voting rights of SC) (the   SC
Participation Right  ) further specified in a
Membership Agreement with SC (  Membership
Agreement  ): 

NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the
premises, and of the promises, covenants and conditions contained
herein, the parties intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows: 

1.     Note
Termination. 

The
Parties agree that in consideration of the grant of the
Participation Right, the Note is hereby terminated and cancelled
effective the date hereof without any obligation on the part of
SBID or other persons to pay principal or interest
thereon. 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  1 

2.     Grant
of SC Participation Right. 

SC
hereby grants the SC Participation Right to the Noteholder, or any
by Noteholder assigned party, as the result of and in consideration
of the Note cancellation, effective the date hereof. 

3.     Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of Noteholder. 

Noteholder
represents, warrants, and covenants to the Company
that: 

3.1            Investment
Purpose .  Noteholder is acquiring the SC
Participation Right for its own account for investment only and not
with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public
sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted under the Securities Act. 

3.2            Accredited
Investor / Non-U.S. Person Status .  Noteholder is
an   Accredited
Investor   as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of
Regulation D of the Securities Act and/or a Non-U.S. Person for
purposes of Regulation S of the Securities Act. 

3.3            Authorization,
Enforcement .  This Agreement has been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of Noteholder
and is a valid and binding agreement of Noteholder enforceable in
accordance with its terms. 

3.4            Brokers .  There
are no brokerage commissions, finder s fees or similar fees
or commissions payable by Noteholder in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby based on any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with Noteholder or any action taken by
Noteholder. 

4.             

  Representations,
Warranties, and Covenants of SBID and SC. 

SBID
and SC hereby make the representations set forth below and covenant
and agree as follows to Noteholder (in addition to those set forth
elsewhere herein): 

4.1            Organization
and Qualification .  SBID and SC have been duly
organized, validly exist and are in good standing under the laws of
their respective jurisdictions of formation. SBID and SC have full
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and this
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and
delivered by SBID and SC and is a valid and binding obligation of
SBID and SC, enforceable against SBID and SC in accordance with its
terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by the bankruptcy
laws and laws effecting creditors  rights,
generally. 

4.2            Authorization,
Enforcement, Compliance with Other
Instruments .  (i) SBID and SC have the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and perform their
obligations under this Agreement, (ii) the execution and delivery
of all transaction documents by SBID and SC and the consummation by
SBID and SC of the transactions contemplated hereby, including,
without limitation, the issuance of the SC Participation Right, has
been duly authorized by their respective managements and no further
consent or authorization is required by them, their respective
managements or their stockholders, (iii) the transaction documents
have been duly executed and delivered by them, (iv) the transaction
documents constitute their valid and binding obligations
enforceable against them in accordance with their terms, and (v)
the persons signing this Agreement on behalf of SBID and SC have
full corporate or other requisite authority to execute the
transaction documents and to bind them. 

4.3            No
Conflicts .  The execution and delivery by SBID and
SC of, and the performance of their obligations under this
Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will not
contravene any provision of applicable law or the charter documents
of SBID and SC or any agreement or other instrument binding upon
SBID and SC, or any judgment, order or decree of any governmental
body, agency or court having jurisdiction over SBID and SC, and no
consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification
with, any governmental body or agency is required for the
performance by SBID and SC of their respective obligations under
this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. 

4.4            Brokers .  Neither
SBID nor SC have taken any action which would give rise to any
claim by any person for a brokerage commission, placement agent or
finder s fees or similar payments by SBID or SC relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

4.5            Cancellation
of all notes . All of the other 2016 Notes from the Private
Placement Offering in which Noteholder participated have been
similarly settled and cancelled or will be similarly settled and
cancelled on or prior to November 15, 2016. 

5.             

  Miscellaneous. 

(a)  

  Note holder
acknowledges and agrees that the execution of the Note Termination
Agreement precludes Note holder from instituting legal proceedings
in the future against SBID and affiliated persons based upon the
Notes, however this excludes cases as commonly described by
negligence, fraud and misconduct.  

(b)  

  Each of the parties
agree to take such actions as are reasonably necessary to carry out
the intentions of the parties under this Agreement. 

(c)  

  This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts which when taken together
shall constitute one agreement. 

(d)  

  This Agreement
supersedes and cancels any prior agreements relating to the subject
matter contained herein. 

[ Signature Page
Follows ] 

{00177968.1 /
3006.002}                                                                       

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto
have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first
written above. 

SYMBID
CORP. 

_____________________________________By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Name:   

Title:   

SYMBID
CO PERATIE U.A. 

______________________________________By:
Maarten Timmerman 

Name:   

Title:   

SYMBID
CO PERATIE U.A. 

_____________________________________By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Name:   

Title:   

NOTEHOLDER 

By:                                                        

Name:   

Title:   

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  3 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 sbid_ex102.htm
 FORM OF NOVEMBER 15, 2016 NOTE TERMINATION AND CONVERSION AGREEMENT

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.2 

NOTE
TERMINATION AND CONVERSION AGREEMENT 

This
Note Termination and Conversion Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is made and entered
into as of November 15, 2016 by and among Symbid Corp., a Nevada
corporation with a place of business at Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK
Rotterdam, The Netherlands (  SBID  ), Symbid Co peratie
U.A., a variable interest Netherlands entity with a place of
business at Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, The Netherlands
(  SC  ) and
 XX , with a place of
business at  XX , The
Netherlands (the   Noteholder  ). 

WHEREAS,  SBID issued a $ XX  September  X , 2015 promissory note to the
Noteholder, a copy of which is annexed hereto as Schedule A (the
  Note  )
and 

WHEREAS,  the parties have agreed to
terminate the Note and not require the payment of principal and
interest thereon effective as of November 15, 2016;
and 

WHEREAS,  SC is the licensee for all of
SBID S crowdfunding business in The Netherlands;
and 

WHEREAS,  SC is a variable interest
entity which SBID effectively controls through corporate governance
rather than ownership; and 

WHEREAS,  SBID receives currently
revenues from SC through IP license fees, where it is envisioned SC
will be granted a designated IP license directly from its owner
Stichting Symbid IP Foundation to conduct its business in the
Netherlands whereby it will be agreed SC will reimburse the further
development of the IP for which SBID will receive in return a
non-exclusive license on usage of the further by SC developed IP;
and 

WHEREAS,  SBID intends to liquidate the
participations in both Equidam Holding B.V. and Kredietpaspoort
Co peratie UA under condition the required approvals through,
not limited to but including, a shareholder vote will be obtained;
and 

WHEREAS,  in consideration of the
termination of the Note, SBID and SC have agreed to grant to
Noteholder, or any by Noteholder assigned party, an equity interest
in SC consisting of  XX  units ( XX % of the future profit rights
of SC) (the   SC Participation
Right  ) further specified in a Membership Agreement
with SC (  Membership
Agreement  ) and Noteholder has determined not to
obtain a Right Of First Refusal on Asset Management activities in
the Small and Medium-size Enterprise asset class
(  ROFR  ) which
has been offered to, and chosen by, one other noteholder and is
further specified in a ROFR agreement: 

NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the
premises, and of the promises, covenants and conditions contained
herein, the parties intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows: 

1 

1.     Note
Termination. 

The
Parties agree that in consideration of the grant of the
Participation Right, the Note is hereby terminated and cancelled
effective the date hereof without any obligation on the part of
SBID or other persons to pay principal or interest
thereon. 

2.             

  Grant
of SC Participation Right. 

SC
hereby grants the SC Participation Right to the Noteholder, or any
by Noteholder assigned party, as the result of and in consideration
of the Note cancellation, effective the date hereof. 

3.             

  Termination
of Pre-Emptive Rights. 

In
consideration of the SC Participation Right, in addition to the
cancellation of the Note, the pre-emptive right granted to
Noteholder pursuant to Section 1.23 of the Subscription
Agreement under which the Note was purchased shall be
terminated and shall have no further force or effect. 

1.     Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of Noteholder. 

Noteholder
represents, warrants, and covenants to the Company
that: 

4.1            Investment
Purpose .  Noteholder is acquiring the SC
Participation Right for its own account for investment only and not
with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public
sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted under the Securities Act. 

4.2            Accredited
Investor / Non-U.S. Person Status .  Noteholder is
an   Accredited
Investor   as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of
Regulation D of the Securities Act and/or a Non-U.S. Person for
purposes of Regulation S of the Securities Act. 

4.3            Authorization,
Enforcement .  This Agreement has been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of Noteholder
and is a valid and binding agreement of Noteholder enforceable in
accordance with its terms. 

4.4            Brokers .  There
are no brokerage commissions, finder s fees or similar fees
or commissions payable by Noteholder in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby based on any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with Noteholder or any action taken by
Noteholder. 

5.             

  Representations,
Warranties, and Covenants of SBID and SC. 

SBID
and SC hereby make the representations set forth below and covenant
and agree as follows to Noteholder (in addition to those set forth
elsewhere herein): 

5.1            Organization
and Qualification .  SBID and SC have been duly
organized, validly exist and are in good standing under the laws of
their respective jurisdictions of formation. SBID and SC have full
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and this
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and
delivered by SBID and SC and is a valid and binding obligation of
SBID and SC, enforceable against SBID and SC in accordance with its
terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by the bankruptcy
laws and laws effecting creditors  rights,
generally. 

5.2            Authorization,
Enforcement, Compliance with Other
Instruments .  (i) SBID and SC have the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and perform their
obligations under this Agreement, (ii) the execution and delivery
of all transaction documents by SBID and SC and the consummation by
SBID and SC of the transactions contemplated hereby, including,
without limitation, the issuance of the SC Participation Right, has
been duly authorized by their respective managements and no further
consent or authorization is required by them, their respective
managements or their stockholders, (iii) the transaction documents
have been duly executed and delivered by them, (iv) the transaction
documents constitute their valid and binding obligations
enforceable against them in accordance with their terms, and (v)
the persons signing this Agreement on behalf of SBID and SC have
full corporate or other requisite authority to execute the
transaction documents and to bind them. 

2 

5.3            No
Conflicts .  The execution and delivery by SBID and
SC of, and the performance of their obligations under this
Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will not
contravene any provision of applicable law or the charter documents
of SBID and SC or any agreement or other instrument binding upon
SBID and SC, or any judgment, order or decree of any governmental
body, agency or court having jurisdiction over SBID and SC, and no
consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification
with, any governmental body or agency is required for the
performance by SBID and SC of their respective obligations under
this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. 

5.4            Brokers .  Neither
SBID nor SC have taken any action which would give rise to any
claim by any person for a brokerage commission, placement agent or
finder s fees or similar payments by SBID or SC relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

5.5            Cancellation
of all notes . All of the other 2015 Notes from the Private
Placement Offering in which Noteholder participated have been
similarly settled and cancelled or will be similarly settled and
cancelled on or prior to November 15, 2016, although one of the
other 2015 noteholders has determined to not only take
participation rights in SC but a combination of the ROFR and
participation rights in SC. Also on or prior to November 15, the
holders of 2016 Notes have agreed or will agree to settle and
cancel their 2016 Notes in consideration of participation rights in
SC. Upon settlement and cancellation of the 2015 Notes and 2016
Notes, as provided herein, SBID will have no Notes
outstanding. 

6.             

  Miscellaneous. 

(a)  

  Note holder
acknowledges and agrees that the execution of the Note Termination
Agreement precludes Note holder from instituting legal proceedings
in the future against SBID and affiliated persons based upon the
Notes.  

(b)  

  Each of the parties
agree to take such actions as are reasonably necessary to carry out
the intentions of the parties under this Agreement. 

(c)  

  This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts which when taken together
shall constitute one agreement. 

(d)  

  This Agreement
supersedes and cancels any prior agreements relating to the subject
matter contained herein. 

[ Signature Page
Follows ] 

{00177968.1 / 3006.002} 

  3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto
have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first
written above. 

SYMBID
CORP. 

_____________________________________By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Name:   

Title:   

SYMBID
CO PERATIE U.A. 

______________________________________By:
Maarten Timmerman 

Name:   

Title:   

SYMBID
CO PERATIE U.A. 

_____________________________________By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Name:   

Title:   

NOTEHOLDER 

By:                                                        

Name:   

Title:   

{00177968.1 /
3006.002}                                                                       

4 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 sbid_ex103.htm
 RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.3  

I.             
RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT 

Execution version
November 15, 2016 

I. 

   Symbid Corp. , a public Nevada Corp.,
incorporated under the laws of the United States, with its
registered seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business
address at Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands
(" Symbid
Corp. "); 

II. 

   Symbid Holding B.V. , a private limited
liability company, incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands,
with its registered seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its
business address at Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the
Netherlands (" Symbid Holding
B.V. "); 

III. 

   Symbid Co peratie UA , a private
limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the
Netherlands, with its registered seat in Rotterdam, the
Netherlands, having its business address at Marconistraat 16, 3029
AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands (" Symbid Co peratie
UA "); 

IV. 

   Stichting Symbid IP Foundation , a
foundation ( stichting ),
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered
seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands (" Symbid IP Foundation "); 

V. 

   Korstiaan Zandvliet,  a private
individual residing in the Netherlands (Lloydstraat 32C, 3024 EA
Rotterdam), currently CEO and President of Symbid Corp
(  Zandvliet  ); 

VI. 

   Maarten van der Sanden,  a private
individual residing in the Netherlands (Overtoom 346/3, 1054JG
Amsterdam), currently CFO and Treasurer of Symbid Corp
(  van der
Sanden  ); 

VII. 

   Robin Slakhorst,  a private individual
residing in the Netherlands (Sint-Jobsweg 24K, 3024 EJ Rotterdam),
currently CCO and Secretary of Symbid Corp (  Slakhorst  ); 

A. 

  NN IP and Symbid
Corp. entered into the Subscription Agreement dated September
8 ,  2015 (" Subscription Agreement "), pursuant to
which NN IP has participated for $1,175,000 in a Private Placement
Offering of a convertible note; 

B. 

  NN IP and Symbid
Corp. signed a Convertible Promissory Note (the   Note  ) dated September 8,
2015; 

C. 

  As of November 15,
2016 the Note will be cancelled by NN IP by signing a Note
Termination agreement (the   Note Termination
Agreement  ), as a consequence NN IP will cease to be
an investor in Symbid; 

D. 

  In consideration of
recital C, NN IP and Symbid related parties have agreed to a Right
of First Refusal   ROFR   for any direct or indirect
activities of Symbid related parties and any of their current or
future group companies in the field of funds activities and
mandates for asset management in the Small- and Medium size
Enterprises segment (  Asset
Management Activities  ); 

E. 

  Symbid Holding
B.V., Symbid Foundation and NN IP entered into a Change Consent
Agreement, dated November 19, 2015 (  CCA  ) and parties agreed on an
amendment of the CCA. 

F. 

  NN IP and Symbid
related parties now wish to specify the conditions of this ROFR and
the arrangements made regarding the CCA in this agreement
(" Agreement "). 

1 

1.1             

  Symbid related
parties shall offer to NN IP and shall ensure that any of their
current of future holdings, businesses or enterprises (whether by
shares or as a partner or otherwise to the extent they have the
control to do so) or group companies (within the meaning of Article
2:24b of the Dutch Civil Code (  Burgerlijk Wetboek  ) (such
Symbid related parties and such group companies called together the
  Symbid Group
companies  ) shall offer to NN IP: 

(i)             

  The right to
exercise the ROFR and participate or cooperate (in any way as
further agreed between NN IP and the relevant Symbid Group company)
under for NN IP favorable benefits and terms and conditions in
Asset Management Activities to be undertaken by (one or more of
the) Symbid Group companies. 

2.1             

  The Symbid related
parties shall inform NN IP in writing, accompanied by a reasonably
detailed business plan, of any (intended) Asset Management Activity
to be undertaken by (one or more of the) Symbid Group companies
after having developed a material plan to market such (intended)
Asset Management Activity, but before costs or expenses are being
made to actually market such (intended) Asset Management Activity,
but in any case at least sixty (60) days before such (intended)
Asset Management Activity is being marketed (" ROFR Notice "). 

2.2             

  NN IP shall within
fifteen (15) days after receipt of an ROFR Notice inform the Symbid
related parties in writing whether or not it has interest in
exercising the ROFR. 

2.3             

  In the event NN IP
informs the Symbid related parties in writing that it has interest
in exercising the ROFR, the Symbid related parties shall forward
such notice to the relevant Symbid Group company or companies that
wish to undertake the (intended) Asset Management Activity
(  Relevant Symbid
Party  ), and NN IP and the Relevant Symbid Group Party
shall hold a meeting as soon as possible after the notice by NN IP
to discuss in more detail any participation or cooperation of NN IP
pursuant to the ROFR, after which NN IP and the Relevant Symbid
Party shall negotiate in good faith and by observing reasonableness
and fairness towards each other, taking into account recital C,
with respect to any participation or cooperation of NN IP (if
any). 

2.4             

  In the event NN IP
informs the Symbid related parties in writing that it does not
exercise the ROFR, the Relevant Symbid Party can continue with the
planned Asset Management Activity without having any liability
towards NN IP, provided that the business plan that is sent to NN
IP pursuant to article 2.1 has not changed and the (intended) Asset
Management Activity shall be undertaken and marketed substantially
in a way as disclosed to NN IP. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Agreement (and the ROFR) shall remain in full force and effect with
respect to any other for any future partnership with a third party
as described in article 1.1 for the term as described in article
5.1. 

2.5             

  In the event NN IP
does not provide a response to the ROFR Notice within the fifteen
(15) days term specified in article  2.2 , the ROFR shall be deemed not to be
exercised. In which case the Relevant Symbid Party can continue
with the planned partnership without having any liability towards
NN IP, provided that the business plan that is sent to NN IP
pursuant to article 2.1 has not changed and the (intended) Asset
Management Activity shall be undertaken and marketed substantially
in a way as disclosed to NN IP. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Agreement (and the ROFR) shall remain in full force and effect with
respect to any other for any future partnership with a third party
as described in article 1.1. for the term as described in article
5.1. 

3.1              

  The Symbid related
parties shall not and shall ensure that the Symbid Group companies
shall not disclose, discuss, pitch, negotiate or communicate with
any party other than NN IP (i) in the event as described in article
2.3 ultimately until the moment that the negotiations have ended or
six (6) months after the negotiations have started (whichever term
is longer), unless NN IP and the Relevant Symbid Party have come to
an agreement, in which case the exclusivity term pursuant to this
article expires on the date of such agreement, or (ii) in the even
as described in article 2.4 or article 2.5 ultimately after the
fifteen (15) days term specified in article  2.2  has lapsed. 

4.1              

  Parties agreed that
the CCA will remain in force after NN IP ceased to be an investor
in Symbid Corp. Effective as of the date of signing of the
Agreement, clause 4.2 of the CCA shall be amended and replaced by
the following clause: 

4.2             

  This Agreement, and
the approval mechanism specified in article 2, shall automatically
terminate in the following events: 

a) 

  Bankruptcy of
receivership of NN IP; 

b) 

  Bankruptcy of
receivership of Symbid Foundation. 

c) 

  Termination of the
Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated November 15,
2016. 

4.2  

  Parties agreed and
consent in accordance with article 1.1 of the CCA on the following
changes: 

a)             

  The IP License
Agreement between Symbid Holding B.V. and Stichting Symbid IP
Foundation will be amended to a non-exclusive IP License
Agreement; 

b)             

  An additional IP
License Agreement, identical to the amended non-exclusive IP
License Agreement between Symbid Holding B.V. and Stichting Symbid
IP Foundation, will be signed between Stichting Symbid IP
Foundation and Symbid Co peratie UA before November 15,
2016. 

2 

4.3  

  All other terms and
conditions of the CCA will remain in full force and
effect: 

5.1             

  The Agreement is
entered into for a term valid until December 31, 2020 as of the
date of signature of this Agreement. 

5.2             

  Symbid Corp. will
cease to be a party to this Agreement after another legal entity
with significantly different business activities has taken control
over Symbid Corp. 

5.3             

  This Agreement, and
the exercise mechanism specified in article 2, shall automatically
terminate in the following event: 

a.            

  Bankruptcy or
receivership of NN IP. 

6.1             

  All of the
obligations of any of the Symbid related parties under this
Agreement shall be joint and several (  hoofdelijk  ) and any of
the Symbid related parties shall be jointly and severally liable
for any of the other Symbid related parties. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Symbid related parties will not be joint and several
liable anymore for Symbid Corp. once Symbid Corp, ceases to be a
party to this Agreement in accordance with article 5.2 of this
Agreement. 

Any of
Zandvliet, van der Sanden or Slakhorst (each individually a
  Natural
Person  ) shall not be jointly and severally liable to
the extent that such Natural Person provides compelling evidence to
NN IP that such Natural Person is not or no longer directly or
indirectly related or involved in any way (whether by contract or
otherwise), including (without limitation) as a shareholder,
(supervisory) board member, advisor and/or in any other capacity,
 (i)  to or in any of the
Symbid Group companies, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
of the Natural Persons or any of their current or future direct or
indirect holdings, businesses or enterprises (whether by shares or
as a partner or otherwise), or  (ii)  to or in any Asset Management
Activity of any of the Symbid Group companies, including, for the
avoidance of doubt, any of the Natural Persons or any of their
current or future direct or indirect holdings, businesses or
enterprises (whether by shares or as a partner or otherwise). For
the avoidance of doubt, the joint and several liability shall
revive if the aforementioned conditions under  (i)  and/or  (ii),  as the case may be, have been
fulfilled on any given time, but are not or no longer fulfilled on
any other given time. 

6.2             

  The rights and
obligations of a Party under this Agreement cannot be assigned or
transferred except with the prior written approval of the other
Party. In derogation of the preceding sentence, NN IP shall always
have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement to any of its group companies
without the prior written approval of any other Party. 

6.3             

  Unless provided
otherwise in this Agreement, the Parties shall each pay their own
costs, charges and expenses in relation to this
Agreement. 

6.4             

  This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all
prior agreements, arrangements, undertakings or statements
regarding such subject matter. 

6.5             

  Any variation of
this Agreement is not valid unless and until it is in writing and
has been signed by or on behalf of the Parties. 

6.6             

  If a provision of
this agreement is or becomes invalid or non-binding, the Parties
shall remain bound to the remaining provisions. In that event, the
Parties shall replace the invalid or non-binding provision by
provisions that are valid and binding and that have, to the
greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the invalid or
non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of this
Agreement. 

6.7             

  Except as otherwise
required by law, applicable regulations or the terms of this
Agreement or as mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, each
party shall treat as confidential the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. 

7.1             

  Any notices
pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to the following addresses
unless and until a Party notifies the other Party in accordance
with this Clause  7.1  of another
address in the Netherlands. 

3 

If to
Symbid Foundation: 

If to
Symbid Holding: 

Stichting
Symbid IP Foundation 

Symbid
Holding B.V. 

Marconistraat
16 

Marconistraat
16 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

The
Netherlands 

The
Netherlands 

Attn:
Board of Directors 

Attn:
Board of Directors 

If to
Symbid Corp.: 

If to
Zandvliet: 

Symbid
Corp. 

Korstiaan
Zandvliet 

Marconistraat
16 

Lloydstraat
32C 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

3024 EA
Rotterdam 

The
Netherlands 

The
Netherlands 

Attn:
Board of Directors 

If to
van der Sanden 

If to
Slakhorst: 

Maarten
van der Sanden 

Robin
Slakhorst 

Overtoom
346/3 

Sint-Jobsweg
24K 

1054 JG
Amsterdam 

3024 EJ
Rotterdam 

The
Netherlands 

The
Netherlands 

If to
NN IP: 

If to
the Symbid related parties jointly: 

NN
Investment Partners 

International
Holdings B.V. 

Marconistraat
16 

Attn:
head of Legal   

Compliance
(HP.A.03.139) 

Schenkkade
65 

2595 AS
The Hague 

3029AK
Rotterdam 

8.1  

  This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the Netherlands. 

8.1  

--Signature page to follow-- 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  4 

In
witness whereof, agreed upon and signed in eight (8) counterparts
by 

: Symbid
Co peratie UA  

Symbid Co peratie UA 

/s/ Maarten Timmerman 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

By:
Maarten Timmerman 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Position:
Board Member 

Position:
Board Member 

Stichting Symbid IP Foundation 

Stichting Symbid IP Foundation 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Gastropoda Equus B.V. 

By:
Arena Amnis B.V. 

Robin
Slakhorst 

Korstiaan
Zandvliet 

Position:
President 

Position:
Treasurer 

Symbid Corp. 

Korstiaan Zandvliet 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Position:
President 

Maarten van der Sanden 

Robin Slakhorst 

/s/ Maarten van der Sanden 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

By:
Maarten van der Sanden 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  5 

Symbid Holding B.V. 

NN Investment Partners International Holdings B.V. 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

/s/
(Illegible)  

By:
Arena Amnis B.V. 

By: 

Korstiaan
Zandvliet 

Position:
Managing Director 

Position: 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  6 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 sbid_ex104.htm
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE TERMINATION AGREEMENT

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.4 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE TERMINATION AGREEMENT 

Parties: 

SYMBID B.V. 

and 

SYMBID CO PERATIE UA 

1 

ANNEXES 

Annex
A                                  

  Symbid IP and
Symbid Know-How 

2 

THE
UNDERSIGNED: 

I.   

   SYMBID B.V. , a private company with
limited liability  (besloten
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid ), incorporated
under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered seat in
Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered in
the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 52212343
(" Symbid "); 

and 

II.   

   SYMBID CO PERATIE UA , a cooperative
 (co peratie ),
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered
seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered in
the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 52466825
(" Symbid   Co peratie UA "); 

A. 

  Symbid operates the
Symbid platform, which is used to conduct a business relating to
the supply of services consisting of bringing together investors
and entrepreneurs and the provision of information related to such
services, investors and entrepeneurs. 

B. 

  Symbid has
developed and is the owner of the intellectual property rights to
the Symbid platform, any various related intellectual property
rights. 

C. 

  Symbid
Co peratie UA and Symbid have signed a License Agreement
( License Agreement ) dated 13 April 2011. 

D. 

  Symbid
Co peratie UA and Symbid wish to lay down additional
agreements within this Agreement
( Agreement ): 

1.1  

  The License
Agreement signed between Symbid Co peratie UA and Symbid is
terminated with retro-active effect as of November 1, 2016. Since
Symbid Co peratie is no longer operating as a special purpose
vehicle without its own costs but as an operating entity having
accepted the employment agreements of Symbid personnel as well as
other operational costs to continue the service in the Netherlands,
the License Agreement does not reflect the current economic
relationship between the companies. 

3 

2.1  

  All communications,
notices and disclosures required or permitted by this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be sent by registered mail, by
courier, by facsimile transmission or by e-mail to the following
addresses unless and until a Party notifies the other Party in
accordance with this Clause 2.1 of another address in the
Netherlands. 

If to
Symbid: 

If to
Symbid Co peratie: 

Symbid
B.V. 

Symbid
Co peratie UA 

Marconistraat
16 

Marconistraat
16 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

The
Netherlands 

The
Netherlands 

Attn:
Board of Directors 

Attn:
Board 

2.2  

  The rights and
obligations of a Party under this Agreement cannot be assigned or
transferred except with the prior written approval of the other
Party. 

2.3  

  Unless provided
otherwise in this Agreement, the Parties shall each pay their own
costs, charges and expenses in relation to this
Agreement. 

2.4  

  This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all
prior agreements, arrangements, undertakings or statements
regarding such subject matter. 

2.5  

  Any variation of
this Agreement is not valid unless and until it is in writing and
has been signed by or on behalf of the Parties. 

2.6  

  If a provision of
this Agreement is or becomes invalid or non-binding, the Parties
shall remain bound to the remaining provisions. In that event, the
Parties shall replace the invalid or non-binding provision by
provisions that are valid and binding and that have, to the
greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the invalid or
non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of this
Agreement. 

2.7  

  A single or partial
exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreement by Symbid
shall not preclude any other or further exercise of that right or
remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. A waiver of
any breach of this Agreement by Symbid shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach. 

4 

3.1  

  This Agreement is
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of
the Netherlands. 

3.2  

  Any dispute arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted
exclusively to the competent courts in Rotterdam, the Netherlands,
notwithstanding the right of appeal. 

- signature page to follow - 

5 

In
witness whereof, agreed upon and signed in two (2) counterparts on
November 15, 2016 by: 

Symbid B.V. 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Symbid B.V. 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

By:
Arena Amnis B.V. 

By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Gastropoda Equus B.V. 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Position:
Managing Director 

Position:
Managing Director 

Symbid Co peratie UA 

/s/ Maarten Timmerman 

By:
Maarten Timmerman 

Position:
Board member 

Symbid Co peratie UA 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Position:
Board member 

6 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 sbid_ex105.htm
 ADDENDUM 2

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.5 

ADDENDUM 2 

TO 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT 

Parties: 

STICHTING SYMBID IP FOUNDATION 

and 

SYMBID HOLDING B.V. 

1 

THE
UNDERSIGNED: 

I.   

   STICHTING SYMBID IP FOUNDATION , a
foundation  (stichting ),
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered
seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered in
the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 58919902
(" Symbid   Foundation "); 

and 

II.   

   SYMBID HOLDING B.V. , a private company
with limited liability  (besloten
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid ), incorporated
under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered seat in
Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered in
the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 58921575
(" Symbid
Holding "); 

A. 

  Symbid Foundation
and Symbid Holding entered into an intellectual property license
and transfer agreement dated 16 October 2013 (" Agreement "); 

B. 

  Symbid Foundation
and Symbid Holding entered into an Amendment to the intellectual
property license and transfer agreement dated 5 December 2013
(" Amendment "); 

C. 

  Pursuant to article
3 of the Agreement, Symbid Holding is entitled to grant sublicenses
to use certain intellectual property rights and know-how to
Affiliates (as defined in the Agreement); 

D. 

  Symbid Holding has
entered into an intellectual property sublicense and transfer
agreement (" Sublicense
Agreement ") with Symbid B.V. (" Symbid BV ") in accordance with article 3
of the Agreement; 

E. 

  Symbid BV has
granted various licenses to use certain intellectual property
rights and know-how to parties other than Affiliates, as specified
in Schedule 1 (" Third Party
Sublicenses "); 

F. 

  Symbid Foundation
and Symbid Holding wish to amend the Agreement (i) to enable
Stichting Symbid IP Foundation to also grant a license to Symbid
Co peratie UA in return for which it will be bearing the costs
for the further development of the software, all as specified in
this addendum (" Addendum No.
2 "). 

2 

1.1  

  The exclusivity of
the license granted in the Agreement is hereby adjusted to a
non-exclusive license agreement. The critical reason being Symbid
Holding is not able to continue development of the software to
reassure compliance with local law and regulation in The
Netherlands. Symbid Co peratie UA will be granted a license
under the condition it continues the development of the
intellectual property rights and know-how. Symbid Holding through
the Agreement can continue to make use of the intellectual property
rights and know-how as updated by Symbid Co peratie
UA. 

2.1  

  This Addendum No. 2
shall be effective as of the Effective Date as defined in the
Agreement. 

2.2  

  Other than as
specified in this Addendum No. 2, the Agreement shall remain
unchanged and in full force and effect. 

3.1  

  This Addendum No. 2
is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws
of the Netherlands. 

3.2  

  Any dispute arising
out of or in connection with this Addendum No. 2 shall be submitted
exclusively to the competent courts in Rotterdam, the Netherlands,
notwithstanding the right of appeal. 

- signature page to follow - 

3 

In
witness whereof, agreed upon and signed in two (2) counterparts
by: 

Symbid Holding B.V. 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Stichting Symbid IP Foundation 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Arena Amnis B.V. 

By:
Arena Amnis B.V. 

By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Position:
Managing Director 

Position:
Board member 

Stichting Symbid IP Foundation 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst  .   

By:
Gastropoda Equus B.V. 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Position:
Board Member 

4 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 sbid_ex106.htm
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.6 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT 

Parties: 

STICHTING SYMBID IP FOUNDATION 

and 

SYMBID CO PERATIE UA 

1 

CONTENTS 

ANNEXES 

Annex
A                                  

  Symbid IP and
Symbid Know-How 

2 

I.   

   STICHTING SYMBID IP FOUNDATION , a
foundation  (stichting ),
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered
seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3016BK Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered in
the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 58919902
(" Symbid   Foundation "); 

and 

II.   

   SYMBID CO PERATIE UA , a cooperative
 (co peratie ),
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its registered
seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, having its business address at
Marconistraat 16, 3029 AK Rotterdam, the Netherlands, registered in
the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 52466825
(" Symbid   Co peratie UA "); 

and 

A. 

  Symbid Foundation
is the owner of all intellectual property rights to the Symbid
platform, which can be used to conduct a business relating to the
supply of services consisting of bringing together investors and
entrepreneurs and the provision of information related to such
services, investors and entrepeneurs (" Business "). 

B. 

  Symbid
Co peratie UA and its Affiliates (as defined below) conduct
its respective businesses using the Symbid platform. 

C. 

  Symbid
Co peratie UA wishes to obtain a license from Symbid
Foundation to use the intellectual property rights refered to in
paragraph A above, and wishes to be able to grant sublicenses for
the use of such intellectual property rights to its
Affiliates. 

D. 

  As all intellectual
property rights to the Symbid platform are owned by Symbid
Foundation for continuity purposes, any related intellectual
property rights created by Symbid Co peratie UA and, pursuant
to any sublicenses granted by Symbid Co peratie UA to its
Affiliates, by such Affiliates, will be transferred to Symbid
Foundation. 

E. 

  Symbid Foundation
wishes to grant the license described above to Symbid
Co peratie UA, and Symbid Co peratie UA and Symbid
Foundation wish to agree on the transfer of newly created
intellectual property rights to Symbid Foundation, subject to the
terms of this intellectual property license and transfer agreement
(" Agreement "). 

3 

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:  

1.  

  DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION 

1.1  

  In this Agreement
the following words shall, unless the context requires otherwise or
unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, have the following
meanings: 

Affiliate 

any
entity at any time controlling, controlled by or under common
control with, a Party. The term control as used in this Agreement
shall mean the legal, beneficial or equitable ownership, directly
or indirectly, of more than 50% of the aggregate of all voting
equity interests in such entity; 

Agreement 

This
intellectual property license and transfer agreement; 

Business 

as
defined in Recital A; 

Effective Date 

November
1, 2016 

Force Majeure Event 

an
event as specified in article  10.1 ; 

Future Symbid IP 

Any
Intellectual Property Rights relating to or associated with the
Symbid Platform ,  including
any Improvements, created, acquired or otherwise owned by Symbid
Co peratie UA at or after the Effective Date; 

Future Symbid Know-How 

Any
Symbid Know-How relating to or associated with the Symbid Platform,
including any Improvements, created, acquired or otherwise owned by
Symbid Co peratie UA at   after the Effective
Date; 

Improvements 

any
improvements, modifications, adaptations to or new uses or
applications of the Symbid IP and/or the Symbid
Know-How; 

Intellectual Property Rights 

all
intellectual property rights, including copyrights, database
rights, patents, designs, semiconductor rights, trademarks, trade
names, and all other similar proprietary rights which exist in any
part of the world together with (a) all applications and rights to
apply therefore and (b) all renewals, extensions and revivals
thereof; 

Parties 

Symbid
Co peratie UA and Symbid Foundation, and  Party  means any one of
them; 

Sublicense Agreement 

a
sublicense agreement entered into between Symbid Co peratie UA
and an Affiliate pursuant to article  3.1 ; 

Sublicensees 

any
Affiliate with which Symbid Co peratie UA has entered into a
Sublicense Agreement 

4 

Symbid Content 

the
Symbid Co peratie UA Content and the Symbid OpCo
Content; 

Symbid Co peratie UA Content 

any
content, documents and other information uploaded in the Symbid
Platform by Symbid Co peratie UA; 

Symbid OpCo Content 

any
content, documents and other information uploaded in the Symbid
Platform by a Sublicensee; 

Symbid IP 

any
Intellectual Property Rights owned by Symbid Foundation, including
but not limited to the Intellectual Property Rights listed in Annex
A; 

Symbid Know-How 

all
information and techniques of any kind whatsoever that are
associated with the Symbid IP in any way whatsoever, including any
such information and techniques already in the public domain and
including (i) the operation of any process, (ii) the manufacture,
design or development of any product, (iii) any production
technique or the provision of any service (iv) quality control,
testing and certification and (v) research and development, owned
by Symbid Foundation,    including but not limited to any
information and techniques listed in Annex A; 

Symbid Platform 

The
online crowdfunding platform; 

Territory 

world-wide 

1.2  

  In this Agreement,
unless specified otherwise: 

a.  

  the singular
includes the plural and vice versa, and each gender includes the
other gender; 

b.  

  a heading to an
article or annex is for convenience only and does not affect in any
way the interpretation thereof; 

c.  

  the annexes and any
other attachments to this Agreement form an integral part of this
Agreement and have the same force and effect as if expressly set
out in the body of this Agreement and any reference to this
Agreement includes the annexes and any other attachments to this
Agreement; and 

d.  

  the word
 including  means  including, without
limitation . 

2.1  

  Subject to the
terms of this Agreement, Symbid Foundation hereby grants with
retro-active effect as of November 1, 2016 to Symbid
Co peratie UA a perpetual, royalty-free license, including the
right to grant sublicenses pursuant to article 3 hereof, to use the
Symbid IP and the Symbid Know-How (i) to use the Symbid Platform to
conduct the Business in the Territory and (ii) to further develop
and maintain the Symbid Platform. 

5 

2.2  

  For the avoidance
of doubt, the Parties agree that upon the transfer to Symbid
Foundation of the Future Symbid IP and any Future Symbid Know-How
pursuant to article  4.2 , such Future
Symbid IP and any Future Symbid Know-How shall be deemed included
in the Symbid IP and Symbid Know-How licensed to Symbid
Co peratie UA pursuant to the license specified in article
 2.1 . 

2.3  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall ensure, and shall procure that the
Affiliates shall ensure, that the use of the Symbid IP and Symbid
Know-How by Symbid Co peratie UA and the Affiliates shall be
in compliance with applicable law in the parts of the Territory in
which the Symbid IP and Symbid Know-How are used. 

3.1  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall be entitled to grant sublicenses to use
the Symbid IP and the Symbid Know-How to Affiliates. 

3.2  

  Any sublicense
granted by Symbid Co peratie UA to an Affiliate shall only be
granted using a sublicense agreement template approved in writing
by Symbid Foundation. Any Sublicense Agreement shall include an
obligation for the Affiliate to transfer all rights to any
intellectual property rights and know-how relating to the Symbid
Platform created by it to Symbid Co peratie UA. 

4.1  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA acknowledges that all Intellectual Property
Rights and other rights in the Symbid IP and the Symbid Know-How
shall remain with Symbid Foundation. Nothing in this Agreement can
be construed as a transfer of Intellectual Property Rights or other
rights by Symbid Foundation to Symbid Co peratie
UA. 

4.2  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA hereby sells, transfers, assigns and delivers in
advance ( bij voorbaat)  to
Symbid Foundation, and Symbid Foundation hereby purchases, accepts
transfer, assignment and delivery in advance ( bij voorbaat ) of, all rights, title and
interest in the Future Symbid IP and the Future Symbid Know-How,
including any Future Symbid IP and Future Symbid Know-How
transferred to Symbid Co peratie UA by the Sublicensees
pursuant to any Sublicense Agreement. 

4.3  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA and Symbid Foundation agree and confirm that as
consideration for the sale and assignment of the Future Symbid IP
and Future Symbid Know-How to Symbid Foundation, that such Future
Symbid IP and Future Symbid Know-How shall be deemed included in
the Symbid IP and Symbid Know-How licensed to Symbid
Co peratie UA pursuant to article  2.1 . 

4.4  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall within   one (1) month after the end of
each   calendar year
provide a detailed written overview of all Future Symbid IP and the
Future Symbid Know-How transferred to Symbid Foundation in
such   calendar year. The
absence of such overview shall not affect any transfer of Future
Symbid IP and the Future Symbid Know-How pursuant to article
 4.2 . 

6 

4.5  

  Insofar as
necessary, Symbid Co peratie UA and Symbid Foundation shall
provide all assistance necessary and shall commit all acts and sign
and execute all documents necessary to complete or perfect the
sale, transfer, assignment and delivery of the Future Symbid IP and
the Future Symbid Know-How, upon first written request of the other
Party. Each Party hereby grants a power-of-attorney to the other
Party to commit such acts and sign and execute such documents on
its behalf in the event a Party refuses or is unable to do
so. 

4.6  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA hereby grants Symbid Foundation a
power-of-attorney to have the sale, transfer, assignment and
delivery of the Future Symbid IP recorded in the appropriate
intellectual property registers. 

4.7  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall pay any costs relating to the maintenance
or renewal of the Symbid IP and the Future Symbid IP, and shall at
the request of Symbid Foundation reimburse Symbid Foundation for
any such costs paid by Symbid Foundation. 

4.8  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall pay any costs relating to the recordal of
the assignment and transfer of the Future Symbid IP in the
appropriate intellectual property registers, and shall at the
request of Symbid Foundation reimburse Symbid Foundation for any
such costs paid by Symbid Foundation. 

4.9  

  In addition to the
transfer, assignment and delivery or all rights, title and interest
in the Future Symbid Know-How by Symbid Co peratie UA to
Symbid Foundation pursuant to article  4.2 , Symbid Co peratie UA shall within
two (2) weeks after providing the overview specified in article
 4.4  provide to Symbid Foundation one
or more appropriate physical or digital carriers containing the
Future Symbid Know-How, the ownership rights to which carriers
shall transfer to Symbid Foundation in accordance with article
 4.2 . 

5.1  

  Any Symbid Content
existing at the date of this Agreement and created during the term
of this Agreement shall be owned by Symbid Foundation. The
ownership rights to any such Symbid OpCo Content shall be deemed
assigned and transferred by Symbid OpCo to Symbid Co peratie
UA in accordance with the transfer mechanism set out in article
4. 

5.2  

  Any Symbid Content
assigned and transferred by Symbid Co peratie UA to Symbid
Foundation pursuant to article  5.1 
shall be licensed by Symbid Foundation to Symbid Co peratie UA
in accordance with the license terms specified in article
2. 

6.1  

  This Agreement
shall be effective as the Effective Date, and shall be in effect
for an indefinite period of time. 

7 

6.2  

  Symbid Foundation
is entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith in writing in any
of the following events: 

a.  

  a request is made
or a petition is filed for Symbid Co peratie UA s
bankruptcy, Symbid Co peratie UA is declared bankrupt, Symbid
Co peratie UA is granted a suspension of payments or becomes
subject or other insolvency proceedings; 

b.  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA is dissolved, liquidates its business or
otherwise terminates or suspends its business
activities; 

c.  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA acts in breach of this Agreement and such breach
has not been cured within sixty (60) days after a written notice of
default. 

6.3  

  Neither Party shall
be liable to the other Party for any damages resulting from lawful
termination of this Agreement. 

6.4  

  The termination or
rescission of this Agreement for any reason shall not in any way
affect the validity of the transfers of any Intellectual Property
Rights or other rights by Symbid Co peratie UA to Symbid
Foundation pursuant to this Agreement. 

7.1  

  Each Party s
liability under this Agreement will be limited to compensation for
direct damages caused by such Party, to a maximum of the total
amount of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100.000,=)   per event. In no event will the
total compensation for direct damages amount to more than one
hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100.000,=). 

7.2  

  A Party s
total liability for damage as a result of death or injury will in
any event not amount to more than the amount per event covered
under its liability insurance policy, whereby a series of related
events will be regarded as one event. 

7.3  

  Neither Party shall
be liable for indirect damages, including consequential damages,
such as loss of income, savings not realized, loss due to
interruption of operations and loss and costs incurred due to the
loss of data. 

8.1  

  Any Intellectual
Property Rights or other rights licensed pursuant to this Agreement
shall be licensed on an "as is" basis, without any warranties
granted by the licensing Party. 

8.2  

  Any Intellectual
Property Rights or other rights transferred pursuant to this
Agreement shall be transferred on an "as is" basis, without any
warranties being granted by the transferring Party. 

8.3  

  Symbid Foundation
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain any
Intellectual Property Rights included in the Symbid Foundation
Technology. 

9.1  

  Each Party will
notify the other Party of any: 

a.  

  actual, threatened
or suspected infringement of any of the Symbid IP and/or the Symbid
Know-How; 

b.  

  proceedings
commenced against Symbid Foundation or Symbid Co peratie UA or
any of its Affiliates in which the validity or ownership of any of
the Symbid IP and/or the Symbid Know-How is disputed;
and 

8 

c.  

  actual, threatened
or suspected breach of confidentiality relating to the Symbid IP
and/or the Symbid Know-How, 

as soon
as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such matters.
The parties will meet reasonably promptly following notification of
any matter under this article 9 to decide (i) what action, if any,
should be taken by Symbid Foundation and Symbid Co peratie UA
in respect of the relevant infringement or breach, and (ii) the
division of the costs relating to such action between Symbid
Co peratie UA and Symbid Foundation. 

9.2  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall assist Symbid Foundation at its request in
taking all steps necessary to defend Symbid Foundation s
rights in the Symbid IP and/or the Symbid Know-How in the
Territory. 

9.3  

  Symbid
Co peratie UA shall, upon written request of Symbid Foundation
and at Symbid Foundation s expense, defend or settle any
action, administrative suit or any other proceeding or threatened
suit, claim or action to which Symbid Co peratie UA is a Party
and which concerns the Symbid IP and/or the Symbid Know-How. Symbid
Co peratie UA shall not settle any such action, suit or
proceeding without Symbid Foundation s written
consent. 

9.4  

  Notwithstanding
article  9.3 , Symbid Foundation shall
at all times be entitled to take such action, legal or otherwise,
as it may deem necessary or expedient to protect its ownership
interests in the Symbid IP and/or the Symbid Know-How. Symbid
Foundation shall inform and consult with Symbid Co peratie UA
when taking such action. 

10.1  

  Neither Party shall
be liable for any delay in, or failure of, performance hereunder
due to any contingency reasonably beyond its control, rendering
performance commercially unreasonable including, but not limited
to, an act of God, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist acts,
mobilization, riot, fire, flood, unavailability of transportation,
goods or services, transportation embargoes or delays, or
breakdowns in machinery or equipment, governmental restrictions or
actions (   Force
Majeure Event  ); provided, however, that (i) strikes,
labour disputes, shortages, or failure or delays of energy,
materials, supplies or equipment, shall not constitute a Force
Majeure event and (ii) the Party affected shall exert its
reasonable best efforts to eliminate or cure or overcome any of
such causes and to resume performance of its
covenants. 

10.2  

  During the
occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, the non-performing Party will
be excused from any further performance or observance of the
obligation(s) so affected for as long as such circumstances prevail
and such Party continues to use commercially reasonable efforts to
recommence performance or observance whenever and to whatever
extent possible without delay. Any Party so delayed in its
performance will immediately notify the other by telephone (to be
confirmed in writing within five days of the inception of such
delay) and describe at a reasonable level of detail the
circumstances causing such delay. If, as a result of a Force
Majeure Event, the performance of the affected Party s
obligations under this Agreement is only partially affected, such
Party shall nevertheless remain liable for the performance of its
obligations not affected by the Force Majeure Event. 

9 

10.3  

  If any Force
Majeure Event substantially prevents, hinders, or delays the
performance of a material obligation of a Party under this
Agreement for more than ninety (90) consecutive days, the other
Party may terminate this Agreement without incurring any
liability. 

11.1  

  Each Party agrees
not to disclose any confidential or proprietary information of the
other Party made available under this Agreement or in connection
with this Agreement except as authorized in writing by the other
Party, and shall require its directors and employees to keep such
information confidential. Information shall in any event be
considered confidential if so designated in writing by either of
the Parties. 

11.2  

  Each Party shall
immediately, upon termination of this Agreement, surrender to the
other Party, or certify that it has destroyed, all of the other
Party's confidential or proprietary material. 

11.3  

  The obligation to
keep information confidential shall survive the termination of this
Agreement for a period of five (5) years. 

11.4  

  A Party shall be
entitled to disclose confidential information to a third party if
and to the extent: 

a.  

  required by the law
of any relevant jurisdiction; 

b.  

  required by any
securities exchange or by any regulatory or governmental body with
jurisdiction over the Party; 

c.  

  the information was
independently developed by a Party without making use of the
confidential information of the other Party; 

d.  

  the information has
become generally available to the public through no act or omission
of the receiving Party; 

e.  

  prior written
consent to the disclosure has been given by the other Party;
or 

f.  

  required to enable
a Party to enforce its rights or remedies under this Agreement, but
any such information shall only be disclosed, where practicable and
legally permitted, after consultation with the other
Party. 

12.1  

  All communications,
notices and disclosures required or permitted by this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be sent by registered mail, by
courier, by facsimile transmission or by e-mail to the following
addresses unless and until a Party notifies the other Party in
accordance with this Clause 12.1 of another address in the
Netherlands. 

If to
Symbid Co peratie UA: 

If to
Symbid Foundation: 

Symbid
Co peratie UA 

Stichting
Symbid IP Foundation 

Marconistraat
16 

Marconistraat
16 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

3029 AK
Rotterdam 

The
Netherlands 

The
Netherlands 

Attn:
Board of Directors 

Attn:
Board 

10 

12.2  

  The rights and
obligations of a Party under this Agreement cannot be assigned or
transferred except with the prior written approval of the other
Party. 

12.3  

  Unless provided
otherwise in this Agreement, the Parties shall each pay their own
costs, charges and expenses in relation to this
Agreement. 

12.4  

  This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all
prior agreements, arrangements, undertakings or statements
regarding such subject matter. 

12.5  

  Any variation of
this Agreement is not valid unless and until it is in writing and
has been signed by or on behalf of the Parties. 

12.6  

  If a provision of
this Agreement is or becomes invalid or non-binding, the Parties
shall remain bound to the remaining provisions. In that event, the
Parties shall replace the invalid or non-binding provision by
provisions that are valid and binding and that have, to the
greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the invalid or
non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of this
Agreement. 

12.7  

  A single or partial
exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreement by Symbid
shall not preclude any other or further exercise of that right or
remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. A waiver of
any breach of this Agreement by Symbid shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach. 

13.1  

  This Agreement is
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of
the Netherlands. 

13.2  

  Any dispute arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted
xclusively to the competent courts in Rotterdam, the Netherlands,
notwithstanding the right of appeal. 

- signature page to follow - 

11 

In
witness whereof, agreed upon and signed in two (2) counterparts
by: 

Symbid Co peratie UA 

/s/ Maarten Timmerman 

Symbid Co peratie UA 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

By:
Maarten Timmerman 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Position:
Board member 

Position:
Board member 

Stichting Symbid IP Foundation 

/s/ Robin Slakhorst 

By:
Gastropoda Equus B.V. 

By:
Robin Slakhorst 

Position:
Board member 

Stichting Symbid IP Foundation 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

By:
Arena Amnis B.V. 

By:
Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Position:
Board member 

12 

Annex A   Symbid IP and Symbid Know-How 

1. 

  Symbid Intellectual
Property of software platform. A copy of the current software has
been provided on a USB-stick to Symbid Foundation as of the date of
signing. 

2. 

  The documents A
copy of the Dropbox folders containing (i) the operation of any
process, (ii) the manufacture, design or development of any
product, (iii) any production technique or the provision of any
service (iv) quality control, testing and certification and (v)
research and development, owned by Symbid at the Effective Date,
have been provided to Symbid Foundation at signing. 

3. 

  The trademark
registration. 

-Symbid
BV_Logo registration 

-Symbid
BV_Word mark registration 

4. 

  The following
domain name registrations. 

13 

14 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 sbid_ex107.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Blueprint 

EXHIBIT 10.7 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS     SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT   (this
 Agreement ), is made effective as of December 9, 2015
(the  Effective Date ), and is entered into by and
among Symbid Corp., a Nevada corporation (the
 Company ), and the Buyer set forth on the signature
page affixed hereto (the  Buyer ).  

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS  , the Company and the Buyer are executing and
delivering this Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from
securities registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ); and  

WHEREAS  , the parties desire that, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall sell
to the Buyer, as provided herein, and the Buyer shall purchase
149,864,454 shares (the  Shares ) of the
Company s common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the
 Common Stock ) such shares representing on issuance
80% of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock
giving no effect to the Company s 2,770,294 outstanding
warrants, all of which are substantially out of the
money.  

NOW, THEREFORE, 
 in consideration of the mutual
consents and other agreements contained in this Agreement, the
Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follow:  

1.      PURCHASE
AND SALE OF SHARES  .  

Purchase of
Shares .  Subject to the satisfaction of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, Buyer agrees to purchase as of
the Effective Date, and the Company agrees to sell and issue to
Buyer as of the Effective Date, 149,863,484 Shares in consideration
of (i) the cancellation of an aggregate of $86,456.41 due from the
Company to Buyer as of the close of business on December 7, 2016
for services and expense reimbursements; (ii) the payment by Buyer
to the Company of $43,614 (the  Initial Cash Funding
Amount ) to be used primarily to pay an aggregate of $37,614
to service provider creditors of the Company, including payments to
enable the filing of the Company s September 30, 2016
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; and (iii) the commitment of Buyer to
fund, to the extent future net revenues of the Company prove
insufficient, additional operating expenses of the Company
necessary to ensure its continuing operation and existence until
such time that the Company can fund operations independent of Buyer
or until the Company completes an acquisition, business
combination, or similar transaction with an operating entity in a
transaction which results in a change of control of the Company. On
the Effective Date, Buyer shall deliver in the manner requested by
the Company, the Initial Cash Funding Amount. 

2.      BUYER S
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  .  

Buyer
represents and warrants that: 

(a)      Investment
Purpose  . Buyer is
acquiring the Shares, for its own account for investment only and
not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the
public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales
registered or exempted under the Securities Act; provided, however,
that by making the representations herein, Buyer reserves the right
to dispose of the Shares at any time in accordance with or pursuant
to an effective registration statement covering such Shares, or an
available exemption under the Securities Act. The Buyer agrees not
to sell, hypothecate or otherwise transfer the Shares unless such
securities are registered under the federal and applicable state
securities laws or unless, in the opinion of counsel satisfactory
to the Company, an exemption from such law is
available.  

1 

(b)      Buyer s
Qualifications.    
Buyer (i) has full power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and all other related agreements and to carry out the
provisions hereof and thereof and to purchase and hold the Shares.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement has been duly
authorized by all necessary action. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered on behalf of Buyer and is a legal, valid and
binding obligation of Buyer. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement will not violate or be in conflict with any order,
judgment, injunction, agreement or controlling document to which
the Buyer is a party or by which it is bound.  

(c)      Brokerage
Fees  .  Buyer has
taken no action that would give rise to any claim by any person for
brokerage commissions, finders  fees or the like relating to
this Agreement or the transaction contemplated
hereby.  

(d)      Buyer s
Knowledge of Investment Risks  .  Buyer has such knowledge and
experience in financial, tax, and business matters, and, in
particular, investments in securities, so as to enable it to
utilize the information made available to it in connection with the
Shares to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the
Shares and the Company and to make an informed investment decision
with respect thereto.  

(e)      Buyer
Liquidity  . Buyer has
adequate means of providing for such Buyer s current
financial needs and foreseeable contingencies and has no need for
liquidity of its investment in the Shares for an indefinite period
of time.  

(f)      High
Risk Investment; Review of Risk Factors  .  Buyer is aware that an investment in
the Shares involves a number of very significant risks, and has
carefully reviewed and understands the risks of, and other
considerations relating to, the purchase of the
Shares.  

(g)      Reliance
on Exemptions  . Buyer
understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in
reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of United States federal and state securities laws and that the
Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and
Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties,
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Buyer set forth
herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions
and the eligibility of Buyer to acquire such
securities.  

(h)      Information  . Buyer
is familiar with the Company and its operations and has been
furnished with all documents and materials relating to the
business, finances and operations of the Company and information
that Buyer requested and deemed material to making an informed
investment decision regarding its purchase of the
Shares.  

(i)            Transfer
or Resale .  (A) Buyer understands that: (i) the
Shares, have not been and are not being registered under the
Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered
for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently
registered thereunder, or (B) Buyer shall have delivered to the
Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally acceptable form, to
the effect that such securities to be sold, assigned or transferred
may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from
such registration requirements; (ii) any sale of such securities
made in reliance on Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or a
successor rule thereto) (  Rule 144  ) may be
made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and further, if
Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of such securities under
circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom
the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term
is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some
other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) except as otherwise
set forth in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any other
person is under any obligation to register such securities under
the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with
the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. The Company
reserves the right to place stop transfer instructions against the
shares and certificates for the Shares to the extent specifically
set forth under this Agreement. There can be no assurance that
there will be any market or resale for the Shares, nor can there be
any assurance that the Shares will be freely transferable at any
time in the foreseeable future. 

2 

(B)
Buyer understands that the Company is a former  shell
company  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ).  Pursuant to Rule 144(i), securities issued by a
current or former shell company (that is, the Shares that otherwise
meet the holding period and other requirements of Rule 144
nevertheless cannot be sold in reliance on Rule 144 until one year
after the Company (a) is no longer a shell company; and (b) has
filed current  Form 10 information  (as defined in Rule
144(i)) with the SEC reflecting that it is no longer a shell
company, and provided that at the time of a proposed sale pursuant
to Rule 144, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and has filed all
reports and other materials required to be filed by section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to
file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K
reports.  

(j)             Legends  .  Buyer
understands that the certificates or other instruments representing
the Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the
following form (and a stop transfer order may be placed against
transfer of such stock certificates):  

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
 SECURITIES ACT ). THESE SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B)
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 OR 144A
THEREUNDER, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS, (D) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT, OR (E) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS, PRIOR TO SUCH SALE, FURNISHED
TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF
EXEMPTION, IN EITHER CASE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY.
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE
CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES
ACT. 

(k)             Authorization,
Enforcement  .  This
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and
delivered on behalf of Buyer and is a valid and binding agreement
of Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors  rights
and remedies.  

(l)             Anti-Money
Laundering Acknowledgement.   The
Buyer represents that the amounts invested by it for the Shares
were not and are not directly or indirectly derived from activities
that contravene federal, state or international laws and
regulations, including anti-money laundering laws and
regulations.  

3.      REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  .  

The
Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that: 

(a)      Organization
and Qualification  .  The Company is a corporation duly
organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of
the State of Nevada, and has the requisite corporate power to own
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do
business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect, as
defined below.  

(b)            Authorization,
Enforcement, Compliance with Other
Instruments .  (i) The Company has the
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform
this Agreement and all other documents necessary or desirable to
effect the transactions contemplated hereby (collectively the
 Transaction Documents ) to which it is a party and to
issue the Shares, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of
the Shares have been duly authorized by the Company s Board
of Directors and no further consent or authorization is required by
the Company, its Board of Directors or its stockholders, (iii) the
Transaction Documents will be duly executed and delivered by the
Company, (iv) the Transaction Documents when executed will
constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles
of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally, the enforcement of creditors  rights and
remedies. 

3 

(c)            Capitalization .
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 290,000,000
shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
$0.001 par value per share ( Preferred Stock ). As of
the Effective Date, the Company has  37,465,871 
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding. All of such outstanding shares have
been duly authorized, validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable. No shares of Common Stock are subject to preemptive
rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances
suffered or permitted by the Company. Except for 389,484 warrants
which expire on February 5, 2017, 15,500 of which are exercisable
for the purchase of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price
of $0.50 per share and 373,984 of which are exercisable for the
purchase of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.75
per share and 2,330,810 warrants which expire on May 20, 2017, all
of which are exercisable for the purchase of one share of Common
Stock at an exercise price of $0.75 per share (i) there are no
outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock
of the Company, or contracts, commitments, understandings or
arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of capital stock of the Company or options,
warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of
any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights
convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company, (ii)
there are no outstanding debt securities, (iii) there are no
outstanding liabilities other than those set forth on Schedule 3(c)
hereto, and no fees that will be incurred (exclusive of fees due to
Buyer) in connection with the filing of the Company s
September 30, 2016 Form 10-Q other than those set forth on Schedule
3(c) hereto, (iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under
which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any of their
securities under the Securities Act, and (v) there are no
outstanding registration statements and there are no outstanding
comment letters from the SEC or any other regulatory agency. There
are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or
similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the
Shares as described in this Agreement. The Shares, when issued,
will be free and clear of all pledges, liens, encumbrances and
other restrictions (other than those arising under federal or state
securities laws as a result of the issuance of the Shares). No
co-sale right, right of first refusal or other similar right exists
with respect to the Shares or the issuance and sale thereof. The
issue and sale of the Shares will not result in a right of any
holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, exchange or
reset price under such securities. The Company has made available
to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s
Articles of Incorporation, and as in effect on the date hereof (the
 Articles of Incorporation ), and the Company s
By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the
 By-laws ), and the terms of all securities exercisable
for Common Stock and the material rights of the holders thereof in
respect thereto. 

(d)            Issuance
of Securities .  The Shares are duly authorized
and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be
duly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, are free from all taxes,
liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. 

(e)             No
Conflicts  .  The
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by
the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not (i) result in a violation of the
Articles of Incorporation, any certificate of designations of any
outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or the By-laws
or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any
provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Company is a party, or result in a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state
securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of
the OTC Markets (the  OTC Markets ) on which the Common
Stock is quoted) applicable to the Company or by which any property
or asset of the Company is bound or affected except for those which
could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the assets, business, condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations or future prospects of the Company (a
 Material Adverse Effect ). Except those which could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the
Company is not in violation of any term of or in default under its
Articles of Incorporation or By-laws. Except for those which could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the
Company is not in violation of any term of or in default under any
material contract, agreement, mortgage, indebtedness, indenture,
instrument, judgment, decree or order or any statute, rule or
regulation applicable to the Company. The business of the Company
is not being conducted, and shall not be conducted in violation of
any material law, ordinance, or regulation of any governmental
entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and
as required under the Securities Act and any applicable state
securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent,
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with,
any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute,
deliver or perform any of its obligations under or contemplated by
this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement in accordance with the terms
hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings
and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant
to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or
prior to the date hereof. The Company is unaware of any facts or
circumstance, which might give rise to any of the
foregoing.  

4 

(f)             SEC
Filings; Financial Statements  .  The Company has filed (and, except
for certain Current Reports on Form 8-K and the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 which the Company agrees to file on or prior to December 14,
2016, has, within the past two years, timely filed (subject to
12b-25 filings with respect to certain periodic filings)) all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ) (all of the foregoing and all
other documents filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof and all
exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules
thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being
hereinafter referred to herein as the  SEC Filings ).
As of their respective dates, the SEC Filings complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none
of the SEC Filings, at the time they were filed with the SEC,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective
dates, the audited financial statements of the Company included in
the Company s SEC Filings for the period from inception on
July 28, 2011 to December 31, 2015, and the subsequent unaudited
interim financial statements included in the Company s SEC
Filings (collectively, the  Financial Statements )
complied as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements were
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved
(except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such Financial
Statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited
interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may
be condensed or summary statements), and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company as of the
dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for
the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). As of the date
hereof, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment
letters received from the staff of the SEC with respect to any of
the SEC Filings. No other information provided by or on behalf of
the Company to the Buyer including, without limitation, information
referred to in this Agreement, contains any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.  

(g)      Absence
of Litigation  .  There
is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or
by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory
organization or body pending against or affecting the Company or
the Common Stock, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or
finding would (i) adversely affect the validity or enforceability
of, or the authority or ability of the Company to perform its
obligations under, this Agreement or any of the documents
contemplated herein, or (ii) have a Material Adverse
Effect.  

(h)      No
General Solicitation  .  Neither the Company, nor any of its
affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has
engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising
(within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer
or sale of the Units and the underlying
securities.  

(i)      Employee
Relations  .  The
Company is not involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge
of the Company, is any such dispute threatened.  

(j)      Intellectual
Property Rights  .  
The Company has not received any notice of infringement of, or
conflict with, the asserted rights of others with respect to any
intellectual property that it utilizes.  

(k)      No
Material Adverse Breaches, etc  .  The Company is not subject to any
charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment,
decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the
Company s officers has or is expected in the future to have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not in breach of any
contract or agreement which breach, in the judgment of the
Company s officers, has or is expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  

5 

(l)      Tax
Status  .  The Company
has made and filed all federal and state income and all other tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to
which it is subject and (unless and only to the extent that the
Company has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) has paid all
taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are
material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good
faith and has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods
to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing
authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know
of no basis for any such claim.  

(m)      Certain
Transactions  .  Except
for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company
makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no
less favorable than the Company could obtain from third parties,
none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is
presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than
for services as employees, officers and directors), including any
contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the
furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or
personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or
from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of
the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in
which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee or
partner.  

(n)      Rights
of First Refusal  .  The Company is not obligated to offer
the Shares offered hereunder on a right of first refusal basis or
otherwise to any third parties including, but not limited to,
current or former stockholders of the Company, underwriters,
brokers, agents or other third parties.  

(o)      Reliance  .  The
Company acknowledges that the Buyers are relying on the
representations and warranties made by the Company hereunder and
that such representations and warranties are a material inducement
to the Buyer purchasing the Shares. The Company further
acknowledges that without such representations and warranties of
the Company made hereunder, the Buyers would not enter into this
Agreement.  

(p)      Brokers 
Fees  .  The Company
does not have any liability or obligation to pay any fees or
commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

4.      COVENANTS  .  

(a)      Best
Efforts  .  Each party
shall use its best efforts timely to satisfy each of the conditions
to be satisfied by it as provided in Sections 5 and 6 of this
Agreement.  

(b)            Reporting
Status .  Until the date on which the Buyer shall
have sold all of the Shares , 
the Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to file in
a timely manner all reports required to be filed with the SEC
pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the regulations of the SEC
thereunder, and the Company shall not terminate its status as an
issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act even if the
Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would
otherwise permit such termination. 

6 

(c)      Use
of Proceeds  .  The
Company shall use $37,614 of the proceeds from the Initial Cash
Funding Amount to pay off all existing liabilities to creditors and
make all required payments (as set forth in Schedule 3(c)) needed
to make and pay for the filing of the Company s September 30,
2016 Form 10-Q on or before December 14, 2016.  

(d)      Listings
or Quotation  .  The
Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing or
quotation of its Common Stock upon the OTC Bulletin Board and/or
OTC Markets.  

(e)            Resales
Absent Effective Registration Statement .  Buyer
understands and acknowledges that (i) this Agreement and the
agreements contemplated hereby will require the Company to issue
and deliver the Shares to the Buyer with legends restricting their
transferability under the Securities Act, and (ii) it is aware that
resales of such Shares may not be made unless, at the time of
resale, there is an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act covering Buyer s resale(s) or an applicable
exemption from registration. 

(f)            Continuance
of Business Operations . The Company shall take all steps
necessary to remain a viable operating business entity and not
become an entity described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). 

5.      CONDITIONS
TO THE COMPANY S OBLIGATION TO SELL  .  

The
obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Shares to
the Buyer is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following
conditions, provided that these conditions are for the
Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at
any time in its sole discretion: 

(a)     The
Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, the Initial Cash Funding
Amount. 

(b)     The
representations and warranties of the Buyer contained in this
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
the Effective Date and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with the covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer as of the
Effective Date. 

6.      CONDITIONS
TO THE BUYER S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE  .  

(a)     The
obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Shares is subject
to the satisfaction, on or before the Effective Date, of each of
the following conditions: 

7 

(i)     The
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects
(except to the extent that any of such representations and
warranties is already qualified as to materiality in Section 3
above, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be
true and correct without further qualification) as of the Effective
Date and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied
in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and
conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or
complied with by the Company at or prior to the effective date. The
Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits,
approvals, registrations and waivers necessary or appropriate for
consummation of the purchase and sale of the Shares, all of which
shall be in full force and effect. 

(b)      Indemnification
of Buyers  .  In
consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this
Agreement and acquiring the Shares hereunder, and in addition to
all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement,
the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the
Buyer and each other holder of the Shares, and all of their
officers, directors, employees and agents (including, without
limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the  Buyer
Indemnitees ) from and against any and all actions, causes of
action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities
and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of
whether any such Buyer Indemnitee is a party to the action for
which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including
reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements (the
 Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by the Buyer
Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any material breach of any covenant, agreement or
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, or (b) any
cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Buyer
Indemnitee and arising out of or resulting from the execution,
delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement by any of
the Buyer Indemnitees. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking
by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company
shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Conflict, which is permissible under
applicable law.  

7.             

   CONFLICTS WAIVER.  The Company
acknowledges that Buyer serves as US corporate and securities
counsel to the Company and will continue to serve in such capacity
following Buyer s purchase of the Shares. The Company agrees
that in the event of any dispute arising in connection with this
Agreement, Buyer shall be permitted to continue to represent the
Company and the Company will not seek to disqualify Buyer as
counsel and waives any objection that the Company might have with
respect to Buyer s dual role as counsel and a principal
shareholder. 

8.              

   GOVERNING LAW:
MISCELLANEOUS  .  

(a)      Governing
Law  .  This Agreement
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws. The parties further agree that any action between them
shall be heard exclusively in federal or state court sitting in the
New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the
jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in
New York County and the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for the adjudication of any civil
action asserted pursuant to this paragraph.  

(b)      Counterparts  .  This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party.  

(c)      Headings  .  The
headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and
shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Agreement.  

(d)      Severability  .  If
any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable
in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this
Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of
any provision of this Agreement in any other
jurisdiction.  

8 

(e)      Entire
Agreement, Amendments  .  This Agreement supersedes all other
prior oral or written agreements between the Buyer, the Company,
their affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to
the matters discussed herein (including any term sheet), and this
Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or
therein, neither the Company nor any Buyer makes any
representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to
such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or
amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the party
to be charged with enforcement.  

(f)      Notices  .  Any
notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or
permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt,
when delivered personally; (ii) upon confirmation of receipt, when
sent by facsimile; (iii) upon receipt when sent by U.S. certified
mail, return receipt requested, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit
with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each
case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The
addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall
be:  

(g)      Successors
and Assigns  .  This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties and their respective successors and assigns. No party shall
assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the other party
hereto.  

(h)      No
Third Party Beneficiaries  .  This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
provision hereof be enforced by, any other
person.  

(i)      Survival  .  The
representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyer
contained in Sections 2 and 3, the agreements and covenants set
forth in Sections 4, 5 and 8, and the indemnification provisions
set forth in Section 6, shall survive the effective date of this
Agreement for a period of two (2) years.  

(j)      Further
Assurances  .  Each
party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all
such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as
the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.  

(k)      No
Strict Construction  .  The language used in this Agreement
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be
applied against any party.  

(l)      Remedies  .  In
addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein
or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Buyer and the
Company will be entitled to specific performance under this
Agreement. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be
adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach
of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agree
to waive in any action for specific performance of any such
obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be
adequate.  

[REMAINDER PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  9 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF  ,   the Buyers and the Company have caused this
Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date
first written above.  

COMPANY: 

SYMBID CORP. 

By:              /s/
Korstiaan
Zandvliet                                                         

Name:  Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Title:  Chief Exectuive Officer 

BUYER: 

CKR LAW LLP 

By:   /s/ Jeffrey
Rinde   

Name:  Jeffrey Rinde 

Title:  Managing Partner 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  10 

Schedule 3(c) 

Outstanding Company Liabilities 

Accounts Payable (excluding payables to Buyer) 

Other Liabilities 

September 30, 2016 10Q Fees and Expenses (excluding Buyer related
Fees and Expenses) 

{00177968.1
/ 3006.002} 

  11 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 sbid_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Korstiaan Zandvliet, certify that: 

1.      I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Symbid
Corp.; 

2.      Based
on my knowledge, the quarterly report does not contain any untrue
statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.      Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the
periods presented in this report; 

4.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a)  

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)  

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a)  

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)  

  any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls. 

Date:  December
14, 2016 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Korstiaan
Zandvliet, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 sbid_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Maarten van der Sanden, certify that: 

1.      I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Symbid
Corp.; 

2.      Based
on my knowledge, the quarterly report does not contain any untrue
statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3      Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the
periods presented in this report; 

4.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

(a)  

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)  

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a)  

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)  

  any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls. 

Date:  December
14, 2016 

/s/ Maarten van der Sanden 

Maarten
van der Sanden, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 sbid_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Symbid Corp. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), I, Korstiaan Zandvliet,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  

  The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  

  The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request. 

Date:  December
14, 2016 

/s/ Korstiaan Zandvliet 

Korstiaan
Zandvliet, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 sbid_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Symbid Corp. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Maarten van der
Sanden, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  

  The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  

  The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request. 

Date:  December
14, 2016 

/s/ Maarten van der Sanden 

Maarten
van der Sanden, Chief Financial Office 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 fil-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 fil-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 fil-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 fil-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 fil-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 fil-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

