<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1205181_0001185185-16-005769_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2302431</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80607</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>178671</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>550093</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>872372</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>572817</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-16-005769.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-16-005769
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMAGING3 INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001205181
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	X-RAY APPARATUS & TUBES & RELATED IRRADIATION APPARATUS [3844]
		IRS NUMBER:				954451059
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50099
		FILM NUMBER:		161995479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 W. VALHALLA DRIVE
		CITY:			BURBANK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8182600930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 W. VALHALLA DRIVE
		CITY:			BURBANK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91505

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-16-005769.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 imaging310q093016.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q     

(Mark One)

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016  

or

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Transition period from _______________ to ______________

Commission File Number:

000-50099 

IMAGING3, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

CALIFORNIA 

95-4451059 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

3022 North Hollywood Way, Burbank, California 91505 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(818) 260-0930 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code

_____________________________________

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One).

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes

No

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.  

As of October 13, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s class of common stock was 227,240,393.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.

Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1

Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015 

1

Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 

2

Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 

3

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

4

Item 2.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

14

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

17

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures 

17

PART II.

OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings 

18

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

20

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

20

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

20

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

20

Item 5.

Other Information 

20

Item 6.

Exhibits 

20

SIGNATURES 

21

Table of Contents 

PART I.          FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.    Financial Statements (Unaudited)

IMAGING3, INC.

CONDENSED    BALANCE SHEETS

AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited financial statements

1 

Table of Contents 

IMAGING3, INC.

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF    OPERATIONS

(UNAUDITED)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited financial statements

2 

Table of Contents 

IMAGING3, INC.

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF    CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED

SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015

(UNAUDITED)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited financial statements

3 

Table of Contents 

IMAGING3, INC.

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

1.      ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Imaging3, Inc. (the  Company ,  us ,  we ,  Imaging3 ) is a California corporation incorporated on October 29, 1993 as Imaging Services, Inc.  The Company filed a certificate of amendment of articles of incorporation to change its name to Imaging3, Inc. on August 20, 2002.

The Company s primary business is refurbishment and sale of medical equipment, parts and services to hospitals, surgery centers, research labs, physician offices and veterinarians.  Equipment sales include new c-arms, c-arms tables, remanufactured c-arms, used c-arm and surgical tables.  Part sales comprise new or renewed replacement parts for c-arms.

The Company has developed a proprietary medical technology designed to produce 3D medical diagnostic images in real time. We believe Imaging3 technology has the potential to contribute to the improvement of healthcare.  Our technology is designed to cause 3D images to be instantly constructed using high-resolution fluoroscopy.  These images can be used as real time references for any current or new medical procedures in which multiple frames of reference are required to perform medical procedures on or in the human body. Management believes that Imaging3 technology has extraordinary market potential in an almost unlimited number of medical applications. This technology is still in development and the Company intends to seek approval from the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), which will allow us to offer our product to healthcare providers.

2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

On September 13, 2012 (the  Petition Date ), the Company filed a voluntary petition with the federal bankruptcy court in Los Angeles, California, to enter bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.  On or about July 15, 2013, our Plan of Reorganization was approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court.  On July 30, 2013, we emerged from bankruptcy and continued operations under the terms and conditions of our Bankruptcy Reorganization Plan as it applies to post bankruptcy operations. For accounting purposes, management deemed the effective date of the Chapter 11 Plan (the  Plan ) to be June 30, 2013. The Company s operations between July 1, 2013 and July 30, 2013 were not significant. The Plan adopted by Imaging3, Inc. is a reorganizing plan.  Payments under the Plan were made by utilizing existing cash on hand, borrowings on a secured and unsecured basis, future cash flow, if any, capital raised through the sale of our common stock in private placements, and by conversion of debt to equity.

Upon emergence from bankruptcy, Imaging3 adopted fresh-start accounting which resulted in Imaging3 becoming a new entity for financial reporting purposes. Imaging3 applied fresh start accounting as of July 1, 2013. As a result of the application of fresh start accounting and the effects of the implementation of the plan of reorganization, the financial statements on or after July 1, 2013 are not comparable with the financial statements prior to that date.

Subsequent to the Petition Date, all expenses, gains and losses directly associated with the reorganization proceedings are reported as Reorganization items, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, Liabilities subject to compromise during the Chapter 11 proceedings were distinguished from liabilities that were not expected to be compromised and from post-petition liabilities in the accompanying Balance Sheets.   The Company is in default on certain of its covenants under the Plan.   

The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission for the presentation of interim financial information, but do not include all the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  The Company follows the same accounting policies in preparation of interim reports.  Results of operations for the interim periods are not indicative of annual results.

4 

Table of Contents 

Going Concern

The Company s financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has historically incurred net losses. The continuing losses have adversely affected the liquidity of the Company.

In view of the matters described in the preceding paragraph, recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future operations.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary as a result of the Company s going concern uncertainty.

Management s plan regarding this matter is to, amongst other things, seek additional equity financing by selling our equity securities, increase our sales volume, and continue seeking approval from the FDA to bring to market our smart scan technology imaging platform. We cannot assure you that funds from these sources will be available when needed or, if available, will be on terms favorable to us or to our stockholders. If we raise additional funds or settle liabilities by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, stockholders may experience additional dilution or such equity securities may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. Our ability to execute our business plan and continue as a going concern may be adversely affected if we are unable to raise additional capital or operate profitably.

The Company anticipates that further equity/debt financings will be necessary to continue to fund operations in the future and there is no guarantee that such financings will be available or, if available, on acceptable terms.

A summary of the Company s significant accounting policies consistently applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial statements follows:

Use of Estimates

In preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.  The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts that may exceed federally insured limits.  The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company had no cash equivalents at September 30, 2016.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized upon shipment, provided that evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured.  Revenue is recorded net of estimated product returns, which is based upon the Company s return policy, sales agreements, management estimates of potential future product returns related to current period revenue, current economic trends, changes in customer composition and historical experience. The Company accrues for warranty costs, sales returns, and other allowances based on its experience. Generally, the Company extends credit to its customers and does not require collateral.  The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and historic credit losses have been within management s expectations and has a revenue receivables policy for service and warranty contracts.   Equipment sales usually have a one-year warranty of parts and service.  After a one-year period, the Company contacts the buyer to initiate the sale of a new warranty contract for one year.  Warranty revenues are deferred and recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the contract or as services are performed. 

Deferred Revenue

Deferred revenue consists substantially of amounts received from customers in advance of the Company s performance service period. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue on a systematic basis that is proportionate to the period that the underlying services are rendered, which in certain arrangements is straight-line over the remaining contractual term or estimated customer life of an agreement.

5 

Table of Contents 

Accounts Receivable

The Company s customer base is geographically dispersed.  The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable.  Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves.  Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis.

Property   Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expenses as incurred and additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized.  When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations.  Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for all assets with estimated lives of three to eight years. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value.

The Company tests long-lived assets, including property, plant, equipment and intangible assets subject to periodic amortization, for recoverability at least annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the net carrying amount is greater than its fair value.  Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for their identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets.  The Company considers historical performance and future estimated results in its evaluation of potential impairment, and then compares the carrying amount of the asset to the future estimated cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset.  If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, the Company measures the amount of impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value.  The estimation of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at the rate the Company utilizes to evaluate potential investments.  The Company estimates fair value based on the information available in making whatever estimates, judgments and projections are considered necessary.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share

Basic net loss per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.  Diluted net loss per share is based on the assumption that all dilutive convertible shares and stock options were converted or exercised.  Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method.  Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.  During 2015 and 2016, potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computation of weighted average shares outstanding-diluted because their effect was anti-dilutive.

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company generally does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow risks or market-risks that may affect the fair values of its financial instruments.  The Company utilizes various types of financing to fund its business needs, including convertible notes and warrants and other instruments not indexed to our stock.  The Company is required to record its derivative instruments at their fair value.  Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in earnings in accordance with ASC 815.  The Company s only asset or liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis is its derivative liability associated with warrants to purchase common stock and convertible notes.  

6 

Table of Contents 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value accounting standard creates a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in the valuation techniques to derive fair values.  The basis for fair value measurements for each level within the hierarchy is described below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest.

Level 1: Observable prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Observable prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in the market.

Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques.

The Company had the following assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016.

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10,  Income Taxes  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.

Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable for the period and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Inventory

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined using the first-in, first-out method.

Research and Development

Costs and expenses that can be clearly identified as research and development are charged to expense as incurred in accordance with FASB ASC 730-10. Included in research and development costs are operating costs, facilities, supplies, external services, clinical trial and manufacturing costs, and overhead directly related to the Company s research and development operations, as well as costs to acquire technology licenses.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The standard will eliminate the transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The revenue recognition standard is required to be applied retrospectively, including any combination of practical expedients as allowed in the standard. We are evaluating the impact, if any, of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to our financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.

7 

Table of Contents 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 changes to the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. These changes require an entity s management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that financial statements are issued. Substantial doubt is defined as an indication that it is probable that an entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that financial statements are issued. If management has concluded that substantial doubt exists, then the following disclosures should be made in the financial statements: (i) principal conditions or events that raised the substantial doubt, (ii) management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations, (iii) management s plans that alleviated the initial substantial doubt or, if substantial doubt was not alleviated, management s plans that are intended to at least mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt, and (iv) if the latter in (iii) is disclosed, an explicit statement that there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. These changes become effective for the Company for the 2017 annual period. Management is evaluating the impact of the adoption of these changes will have on the consolidated financial statements. Subsequent to adoption, this guidance will need to be applied by management at the end of each annual period and interim period therein to determine what, if any, impact there will be on the consolidated financial statements in a given reporting period.

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-3,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  This update changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet. ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt obligation to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability rather than being presented as an asset. Amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements . This ASU clarified guidance in ASC 2015-03 stating that the SEC staff would not object to a company presenting debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement on the balance sheet as a deferred asset, regardless of whether there were any outstanding borrowings at period-end. This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015, which will require us to adopt these provisions in the first quarter of 2016. We do not expect this guidance to have a material impact to our financial position or results of operations.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases in  Leases (Topic 840)  and generally requires all leases to be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This ASU affects entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The ASU is designed to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions which include   the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations. ASU 2016-09 will become effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

In April 2016, the FASB issued AS 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which amends certain aspects of the Board s new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard should be adopted concurrently with adoption of ASU 2014-09 which is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.

3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

All accounts receivable are trade related.  These receivables are current and management believes are collectible except for which a reserve has been provided. The reserve amount for uncollectible accounts was $-0- and $-0- as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

8 

Table of Contents 

4. ACCRUED EXPENSES

During 2003, the Company paid payroll net of taxes and accrued said taxes without payment due to cash flow limitations resulting from a 2002 warehouse fire that incinerated our inventory.  The Company subsequently received a tax lien in 2005 related to 2003 payroll taxes from the Internal Revenue Service and continued to accrue interest and penalty charges.  The original amount was $104,052.  In 2008, payments were made and the Internal Revenue Service issued a tax lien release for this amount and the liability carried on the Company s books was relieved.  In 2009, the Company was notified by the Internal Revenue Service that additional payroll taxes, interest, and penalty charges were still owed.  After researching, it is believed that the Internal Revenue Service double booked the original payments made and released the lien in error.  Settlement was reached and the Company is currently paying $2,078 per month on a total liability of $38,019 as of September 30, 2016, including interest.  The Company recognized a reduction of accrued liability of approximately $200,000 relating to the settlement with the Internal Revenue Service, which was recorded as other income.  This agreement will cure any default of the Company s plan payments.  The final payment is due on April 16, 2018.

5. INCOME TAXES

The Company s book losses and other timing differences result in a net deferred income tax benefit which is offset by a valuation allowance for a net deferred asset of zero. The Company has concluded, in accordance with the applicable accounting standards, that it is more likely than not that the Company may not realize the benefit of all of its deferred tax assets. Accordingly, management has provided a 100% valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets until such time as management believes that its projections of future profits as well as expected future tax rates make the realization of these deferred tax assets more-likely-than-not. Significant judgment is required in the evaluation of deferred tax benefits and differences in future results from our estimates could result in material differences in the realization of these assets. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance related to all of its deferred tax assets. The Company has performed an assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the net deferred tax asset in accordance with FASB ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  This assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the availability of carry forwards and estimates of projected future taxable income. The availability of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to limitation if there is a 50% or more change in the ownership of the Company s stock.  The provision for income taxes consists of the state minimum tax imposed on corporations of $800. The Company has adopted guidance issued by the FASB that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold of more likely than not and a measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. In making this assessment, a company must determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position and must assume that the tax position will be examined by taxing authorities. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.  The Company has not recognized any unrecognized tax benefits and does not have any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2016.

6. NOTES PAYABLE

During 2013, the Company issued promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $42,500. These notes bear interest at 7% per annum and were due on June 30, 2014. The notes are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. As of September 30, 2016 the notes are past due.

During 2015, the Company issued promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $455,000. These notes bear interest at 10% per annum and are past due as of September 30, 2016. These notes are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. The convertible promissory note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate equal to $0.01 per share, subject to downward adjustments for future equity issuances. In connection with these convertible promissory notes, the Company issued warrants to purchase 27,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, subject to downward adjustments for future equity issuances.  The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of issuance. The Company is in default under the terms of these notes.

During 2016, the Company issued promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $310,000. These notes bear interest at 10% per annum and $165,000 is due on October 26, 2016, $65,000 is due on February 26, 2017, $40,000 is due on December 12, 2016, and $40,000 is due on March 29, 2017. These notes are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. The convertible promissory notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate equal to $0.01-$0.05 per share, subject to downward adjustments for future equity issuances. In connection with these convertible promissory notes, the Company issued warrants to purchase 36,500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, subject to downward adjustments for future equity issuances.  The warrants have a term of 7 years from the date of issuance.

9 

Table of Contents 

The conversion features and warrants are considered derivative liabilities pursuant to ASC 815 and were measured at their grant-date fair value and recorded as a liability and note discount on the date of issuance. Subsequent changes to the value of the derivative liabilities are recorded in earnings. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an initial note discount of $455,000, with an additional immediate charge to interest expense of $749,809 relating to the excess value of the derivative liabilities over the promissory notes.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an additional note discount of $276,757, with an immediate charge to interest expense of $2,403,706 relating to the excess value of the derivative liabilities over the promissory notes.  Amortization of the note discount amounted to $272,090 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $225,167 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.

7. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY

Preferred Stock

Upon confirmation of the Company s Chapter 11 Reorganization Plan, the Company was authorized to issue 2,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. The rights, privileges, and preferences of the preferred stock are to be determined by the Company s board of directors and may be issued in series. As of December 31, 2015, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.  As of January 18, 2016, Imaging3 issued 2,000 preferred voting shares to Dane Medley, CEO/Chairman. Each share constitutes 350,000 voting shares. The estimated value of these shares was not significant. As of September 30, 2016, there were 2,000 shares of preferred stock outstanding.

Common Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of no par value common stock.

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company issued a total of 10,335,000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $149,125 and 6,325,000 shares of common stock for services, valued at $70,750.

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company issued a total of 4,364,000 shares of common stock for cash in the amount of $159,900 and 3,000,000 shares of common stock were issued for services, valued at $162,500.

Stock Option Plan 

During 2014, the Board of Directors adopted, and the shareholders approved, the 2014 Stock Option Plan under which a total of 27,000,000 shares of common stock had been reserved for issuance. The 2014 Stock Option Plan will terminate in September 2024.

Stock Options 

As of September 30, 2016, employees of the Company hold options to purchase 13,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.025.

The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding issued under the Plan was 9.10 years at September 30, 2016. 

10 

Table of Contents 

8. WARRANTS

Following is a summary of warrants outstanding at September 30, 2016:

9. DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

The Company s only asset or liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis was its derivative liability associated with warrants to purchase common stock and the conversion feature embedded in convertible promissory notes.

In connection with previous financing transactions, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock and convertible promissory notes. These instruments included provisions that could result in a reduced exercise price based on specified full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The  reset  provisions were triggered in the event the Company subsequently issued common stock, stock warrants, stock options or convertible debt with a stock price, exercise price or conversion price lower than contractually specified amounts. Upon triggering the  reset  provisions, the exercise / conversion price of the instrument will be reduced. Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 815, these instruments were not considered to be solely indexed to the Company s own stock and were not afforded equity treatment.

The following table summarizes activity in the Company s derivative liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:

The Company classifies the fair value of these derivative liabilities under level 3 of the fair value hierarchy of financial instruments.  The fair value of the derivative liability was calculated using a Black-Scholes model. The Company s stock price and estimates of volatility are the most sensitive inputs in validation of assets and liabilities at fair value. The liabilities were measured using the following assumptions:

11 

Table of Contents 

10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Vuksich Litigation

In May of 2012, John M. Vuksich ( Vuksich ), a shareholder who alleges to hold shares or proxies totaling more than 30,000,000 shares in the Company (approximately 5.95% of the outstanding stock in the Company at the time of the filing prior to the Company s bankruptcy filing), filed a shareholder derivative action in the Los Angeles County Superior Court against the Company or (the  Vuksich Litigation ). In that litigation, Vuksich challenged certain corporate actions taken by the Company beginning in 2010, including the Company s amendments to its articles of incorporation authorizing the Company to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock and to authorize the issuance of preferred stock. Among other things, Vuksich sought an order voiding certain other financing agreements and sought an order compelling the Company to fill vacancies on its Board of Directors. The Vuksich Litigation, which sought to alter the equity structure and management of the Company, required the Company to expend its already-limited resources both in terms of management time and attorney s fees. Although the Company believed that the Vuksich Litigation could and would be defeated, it decided that the resources of the Company were better directed towards its business objectives in an effort to create value for the Company s stakeholders.

There were four appeals pending in the  Vuksich Litigation.  The following appeals were heard by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on December 9, 2015:

Order Denying Motion for Abandonment of Potential Claims Against Officers and Directors, Case No.: 14-55521 (9th Cir.), appeal filed April 2, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming the order of the Bankruptcy Court.

Order Confirming Debtor s First Amended Plan, Case No.: 14-55466 (9th Cir.), appeal filed March 24, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming in part and reversing in part the order of the Bankruptcy Court.

The court ruled in favor of the Company on December 18, 2015.

On December 17, 2015 the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the rulings of the United States Bankruptcy Court and the United States District Court related to four appeals that John M. Vuksich had filed, asserting that: 

1. 
 
  That the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court should not have confirmed Imaging3 s Chapter 11 plan of reorganization;  

2. 
 
 That the claim that Vuksich filed in the Imaging3 bankruptcy case was improperly disallowed by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court;

3. 
 
 That the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court should have abandoned the Vuksich litigation;

4. 
 
 That the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court should have dismissed the Imaging3 Chapter 11 bankruptcy case because the court had no jurisdiction over the case.

On February 2, 2016, the Ninth District Judges Tashima, Callahan, and Hurwitz have voted to deny the petition for panel rehearing. Judges Callahan and Hurwitz have voted to deny the petition for rehearing en banc, and Judge Tashima so recommends. The full court has been advised of the petition, and no judge of the court has requested a vote on the petition for rehearing en banc. Fed. R. App. P. 35.The petitions for rehearing and rehearing en banc are denied.

During April 2016 John M. Vuksich appealed to Supreme Court on the most recent rulings dismissing his charges.  On October 3, 2016 the Supreme Court entered the following order:  The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.

Litigation 

The Company was involved in the following additional litigation:  Securities and Exchange Commission v. Imaging3   Dean Janes , Civil Action No. CV13-04616 GAF (AJWx) (U.S. Dist. Ct., C.D. Ca.), for which Fulbright   Jaworski LLP is counsel of record.  The Company settled this action by entering into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the SEC in which the Company covenanted to comply with federal and state securities laws through December 31, 2017, among other covenants.

12 

Table of Contents 

On September 13, 2012, the Company filed  In re Imaging3, Inc. , Case No.  2:12-bk-41206-NB (Bankr. C.D. Ca.) (the  Bankruptcy Case ), a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code.  The Company s plan of reorganization thereunder (the  Plan ) was confirmed on July 9, 2013 pursuant to the court s Order Confirming Debtor s First Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization Dated March 5, 2013, as Modified (the  Order ).  Pursuant to the Order, the Plan became effective on July 30, 2013 ( Effective Date ).  The Plan requires that the Company pay certain obligations on the Effective Date of the Plan. Of the Company s obligations under the Plan, the Company is delinquent with regard to the obligations described in the chart below:

Section IV, F of the Plan provides  A creditor or party in interest may bring a motion to convert or dismiss the case under   1112(b), after the Plan is confirmed, if there is a default in performing the Plan.   Please refer to Basis of Presentation section on page 4.

11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Mr. Vuksich appealed the decision of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal in the matter of Vuksich v Imaging 3, Inc., to the United States Supreme Court. The petition for a writ of certiorari was denied on October 3, 2016.

13 

Table of Contents 

Item 2.         Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Statements

This Form 10-Q may contain  forward-looking statements,  as that term is used in federal securities laws, about Imaging3, Inc. s financial condition, results of operations and business.  These statements include, among others:

statements concerning the potential benefits that Imaging3, Inc. ( Imaging3  or the  Company ) may experience from its business activities and certain transactions it contemplates or has completed; and

statements of Imaging3 s expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated developments and other matters that are not historical facts.  These statements may be made expressly in this Form 10-Q.  You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   opines,  or similar expressions used in this Form 10-Q.  These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause Imaging3 s actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by Imaging3 in those statements.  The most important facts that could prevent Imaging3 from achieving its stated goals include, but are not limited to, the following:

(a) 
 
 volatility or decline of Imaging3 s stock price;

(b) 
 
 potential fluctuation in quarterly results;

(c) 
 
 failure of Imaging3 to earn revenues or profits;

(d) 
 
 inadequate capital to continue or expand its business, inability to raise additional capital or financing to implement its business plans;

(e) 
 
 failure to commercialize Imaging3 s technology or to make sales;

(f) 
 
 changes in demand for Imaging3 s products and services;

(g) 
 
 rapid and significant changes in markets;

(h) 
 
 litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties;

(i) 
 
 insufficient revenues to cover operating costs, resulting in persistent losses;

(j) 
 
 dilution in the ownership of the Company through the issuance by us of additional securities and the conversion of outstanding warrants, notes and other securities; and

(k) 
 
 failure of Imaging3 to obtain approval of its proprietary medical imaging technology and device from the Federal Food and Drug Administration.

There is no assurance that Imaging3 will be profitable.  Imaging3 may not be able to successfully develop, manage or market its products and services. Imaging3 may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technology personnel. Imaging3 may not be able to obtain customers for its products or services. Imaging3 s products and services may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder Imaging3 s business. Imaging3 may not be able to obtain the required approvals from the United States Food and Drug Administration for its products and services. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership may be incurred due to the issuance of more shares, warrants and stock options, or the exercise of outstanding warrants and stock options, or the conversion of notes. Imaging3 is exposed to other risks inherent in its businesses.

Because the statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  Imaging3 cautions you not to place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q.  The cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that Imaging3 or persons acting on its behalf may issue.  Imaging3 does not undertake any obligation to review or confirm analysts  expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-Q, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

14 

Table of Contents 

Current Overview

Though our efforts have been to market our refurbished equipment, a significant portion of our sales and revenues derive from services and the sale of parts, either from extended warranty purchases at the time of purchase of the refurbished equipment, or service contracts and time and material revenue realized upon warranty expiration, the majority of which is realized one year from equipment purchase as warranties expire.

Our sales effort through direct mail, broadcast facsimile and broadcast email to thousands of potential customers throughout the United States generates leads of potential customers desiring to purchase equipment either immediately or in the course of one year.  This lead generation through direct mail, broadcast and email will continue on a quarterly basis with the goal of increasing the total number of our leads for our sales staff.  Management expects that the marketing program will also eventually help stabilize the company.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  We monitor our estimates on an on-going basis for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future.  Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.  We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate.

We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized upon shipment, provided that evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured.  Revenue is recorded net of estimated product returns, which is based upon the Company s return policy, sales agreements, management estimates of potential future product returns related to current period revenue, current economic trends, changes in customer composition and historical experience. The Company accrues for warranty costs, sales returns, and other allowances based on its experience. Generally, the Company extends credit to its customers and does not require collateral.  The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and historic credit losses have been within management s expectations and has a revenue receivables policy for service and warranty contracts.  Equipment sales usually have a one year warranty of parts and service.  After a one year period, the Company contacts the buyer to initiate the sale of a new warranty contract for one year.  Warranty revenues are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract or as services are performed.

Deferred Revenue

Deferred revenue consists substantially of amounts received from customers in advance of the Company s performance service period. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue on a systematic basis that is proportionate to the period that the underlying services are rendered, which in certain arrangements is straight-line over the remaining contractual term or estimated customer life of an agreement.

Research and Development

Costs and expenses that can be clearly identified as research and development are charged to expense as incurred in accordance with FASB ASC 730-10. Included in research and development costs are operating costs, facilities, supplies, external services, clinical trial and manufacturing costs, and overhead directly related to the Company s research and development operations, as well as costs to acquire technology licenses.

Other Accounting Factors

The effects of inflation have not had a material impact on our operation, nor are they expected to in the immediate future.

Although we are unaware of any major seasonal aspect that would have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations, the first quarter of each fiscal year is always a financial concern due to slow collections after the holidays.

15 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operation for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015

We had revenues in the first nine months of 2016 of $40,393 compared to $232,791 in 2015.  The decrease in revenue is due to decreased sales volume.  

Our cost of revenue was $10,247 in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $125,482 in 2015.  The decrease in cost of revenue was as a result of decreased sales volume. We had a gross profit in the first nine months of 2016 of $30,146 compared to $107,309 in the same period of 2015. Again, lack of sales volume had a direct impact on decreased gross profit margin.  Our operating expenses decreased to $601,899 in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $702,332 in 2015 primarily due to lack of sales volume.  Our loss on operations decreased to $571,753 in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $595,023 in 2015 which was related to the decreased sales volume.  Our net loss was $4,666,612 in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $1,621,257 in the first nine months of 2015.  All were affected by decreased sales volume for the period, stock-based compensation, and the impact of the interest expense from the derivative liability.

Results of Operation for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015

We had revenues in the third quarter of 2016 of $23,195 compared to $100,046 in 2015.  The decrease in revenue is due to decreased sales volume.  

Our cost of revenue was $1,905 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $47,465 in 2015.  The decrease in cost of revenue was as a result of decreased sales volume. We had a gross profit in the third quarter of 2016 of $21,290 compared to $52,581 in the same period of 2015. Again, lack of sales volume had a direct impact on decreased gross profit margin.  Our operating expenses increased to $417,845 in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $210,183 in 2015 due to stock-based compensation.  Our loss on operations increased to $396,555 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $157,602 in 2015 due to stock-based compensation.  Our net loss was $974,100 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $930,076 in the third quarter of 2015.  All were affected by decreased sales volume for the period, stock-based compensation and the impact of the interest expense from the derivative liability.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company s cash position was $69,711 at September 30, 2016, compared to $9,508 at December 31, 2015.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has a working capital deficit of $8,055,629 as compared to $3,850,953 at December 31, 2015.

Net cash used in operating activities amounted to $394,697 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $411,773 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015.  

Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to $454,900 and $554,125 for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The decrease in 2016 as compared to 2015 resulted from a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of notes payable during the period.

The Company does not have sufficient capital to meet its current cash needs, which include the costs of compliance with the continuing reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  The Company intends to seek additional capital and long term debt financing to attempt to overcome its working capital deficit. The Company will need between $50,000 and $100,000 annually to maintain its reporting obligations.  The Company may attempt to do more private placements of its stock in the future to raise capital, but there is no assurance that the Company can raise sufficient capital or obtain sufficient financing to enable it to obtain approval of its prototype from the Federal Food and Drug Administration and to sustain monthly operations.  In order to address its working capital deficit, the Company also intends to endeavor to (i) reduce operating costs, (ii) reduce general, administrative and selling costs, (iii) increase sales of its existing products and services, and (iv) obtain the approval of the United States Food and Drug Administration to the Company s proprietary medical imaging device so that the Company can

commence marketing and selling it.  There may not be sufficient funds available to the Company to enable it to remain in business and the Company s needs for additional financing are likely to persist.

16 

Table of Contents 

The Company plans on raising sufficient capital to address obligations under the reorganization plan during the next six to nine months.   The company has contracted Amato and Partners as their Investor Relations firm.   The raise will continue through either a Private Placement Memorandum or institutional investors.   The plan is to raise approximately $3.5M within the next 12 months.   Please refer to table of obligations on page 13.

Going Concern Qualification

The Company has incurred significant losses from operations, and such losses are expected to continue. The Company s auditors have included a  Going Concern Qualification  in their report for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012.  In addition, the Company has limited working capital. The foregoing raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans include seeking additional capital and/or debt financing. There is no guarantee that additional capital and/or debt financing will be available when and to the extent required, or that if available, it will be on terms acceptable to the Company. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  The  Going Concern Qualification  might make it substantially more difficult to raise capital.

Item 3.         Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable.

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of  disclosure controls and procedures  in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.

At the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the disclosure controls and procedures of our Company were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports was recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis.

Imaging3 is undertaking to improve its internal control over financial reporting and improve its disclosure controls and procedures.  As of September 30, 2016, we had identified the following material weaknesses which still exist as of September 30, 2016 and through the date of this report:

1.  As of September 30, 2016, and as of the date of this report, we did not maintain effective controls over the control environment.  Specifically, the Board of Directors does not currently have any independent members and no director qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-B.  Since these entity level programs have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness.

2.  As of September 30, 2016, and as of the date of this report, we did not maintain effective controls over financial statement disclosure.  Specifically, controls were not designed and in place to ensure that all disclosures required were originally addressed in our financial statements.  Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness.

3. As of September 30, 2016, and as of the date of this report, we did not maintain adequate segregation of duties.  Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiently constitutes a material weakness.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

This report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.

17 

Table of Contents 

PART II.      OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings

Vuksich Litigation

In May of 2012, John M. Vuksich ( Vuksich ), a shareholder who alleges to hold shares or proxies totaling more than 30,000,000 shares in the Company (approximately 5.95 % of the outstanding stock in the Company at the time of the filing prior to the Company s bankruptcy filing), filed a shareholder derivative action in the Los Angeles County Superior Court against the Company or (the  Vuksich Litigation ). In that litigation, Vuksich challenged certain corporate actions taken by the Company beginning in 2010, including the Company s amendments to its articles of incorporation authorizing the Company to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock and to authorize the issuance of preferred stock. Among other things, Vuksich sought an order voiding certain other financing agreements and sought an order compelling the Company to fill vacancies on its Board of Directors. The Vuksich Litigation, which sought to alter the equity structure and management of the Company, required the Company to expend its already-limited resources both in terms of management time and attorney s fees. Although the Company believed that the Vuksich Litigation could and would be defeated, it decided that the resources of the Company were better directed towards its business objectives in an effort to create value for the Company s stakeholders.

There were four appeals pending in the  Vuksich Litigation.  The following appeals were heard by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on December 9, 2015:

Order Denying Motion for Abandonment of Potential Claims Against Officers and Directors, Case No.: 14-55521 (9th Cir.), appeal filed April 2, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming the order of the Bankruptcy Court.

Order Confirming Debtor s First Amended Plan, Case No.: 14-55466 (9th Cir.), appeal filed March 24, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming in part and reversing in part the order of the Bankruptcy Court.

The court ruled in favor of the company on December 18, 2015.

On December 17, 2015 the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the rulings of the United States Bankruptcy Court and the United States District Court related to four appeals that John M. Vuksich had filed, asserting that: 

1. 
 
 That the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court should not have confirmed Imaging3 s Chapter 11 plan of reorganization;

2. 
 
 That the claim that Vuksich filed in the Imaging3 bankruptcy case was improperly disallowed by the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court;

3. 
 
 That the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court should have abandoned the Vuksich litigation;

4. 
 
 That the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court should have dismissed the Imaging3 Chapter 11 bankruptcy case because the court had no jurisdiction over the case.

On February 2, 2016, the Ninth District Judges Tashima, Callahan, and Hurwitz have voted to deny the petition for panel rehearing. Judges Callahan and Hurwitz have voted to deny the petition for rehearing en banc, and Judge Tashima so recommends. The full court has been advised of the petition, and no judge of the court has requested a vote on the petition for rehearing en banc. Fed. R. App. P. 35.The petitions for rehearing and rehearing en banc are denied.

During April 2016 John M. Vuksich appealed to Supreme Court on the most recent rulings dismissing his charges.  The Company will await the Supreme Courts response regarding this appeal.  On October 3, 2016 the Supreme Court entered the following order:  The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.

18 

Table of Contents 

The Company was involved in the following additional litigation:  Securities and Exchange Commission v. Imaging3   Dean Janes , Civil Action No. CV13-04616 GAF (AJWx) (U.S. Dist. Ct., C.D. Ca.), for which Fulbright   Jaworski LLP is counsel of record.  The Company settled this action by entering into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the SEC in which the Company covenanted to comply with federal and state securities laws through December 31, 2017, among other covenants.

On September 13, 2012, the Company filed  In re Imaging3, Inc. , Case No.  2:12-bk-41206-NB (Bankr. C.D. Ca.) (the  Bankruptcy Case ), a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code.  The Company s plan of reorganization thereunder (the  Plan ) was confirmed on July 9, 2013 pursuant to the court s Order Confirming Debtor s First Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization Dated March 5, 2013, as Modified (the  Order ).  Pursuant to the Order, the Plan became effective on July 30, 2013 ( Effective Date ).  The Plan requires that the Company pay certain obligations on the Effective Date of the Plan. Of the Company s obligations under the Plan, the Company is delinquent with regard to the obligations described in the chart below:

Class of Claim(s)

Payment Recipient

Amount of Each Periodic Payment

Amount of Total Claim

Payment Due Date

Status of Payment

Administrative

Expense Claim

Greenberg Glusker Fields Claman   Machtinger LLP

$50,000.00 (monthly)

Total Claim:

Approximately $1,101,293

*Greenberg Glusker agreed to be paid as follows:

$50,000.00 on September 1, 2013 and thereafter no less than $50,000.00 per month on or before the 15th of each month, commencing on October 2013. Interest will be charged on the outstanding balance at the rate of 10% per annum from July 30, 2013

Not paid

Administrative Expense Claim

Mentor Group

Approx. $18,000

Effective Date

Not paid

Priority Tax Claims

IRS

$2,078(monthly)

Total Claim:

$49,001

Monthly payment of $2,078 until 4/16/2018

Current

Priority Tax Claims

State Board of Equalization

$341.00 (monthly)

Total Claim:

$14,917

Monthly payment of $341 until 9/12/2017

Modified by Stipulation Dated June 23, 2015 as follows:

1.   Pay the balance of the Administrative Claim in the amount of $196

2.   Pay all of the arrearages

for Priority Tax Claims by payment of $6,240

3.   Cure post-Stipulation Effective Date taxes in the aggregate amount of $31,367 together with monthly interest accruing after July 1, 2015 ( Post Stipulation Effective Date Taxes ), by payment of four installments, as follows:

a. $8,000 on the Stipulation Effective Date;

b. $8,000 sixty days from the Stipulation Effective Date;

c. $8,000 ninety days from the Stipulation Effective Date;

d. the balance of the Post Stipulation Effective Date Taxes one hundred twenty days from the Stipulation Effective Date.

Paid in accordance with the terms of the Stipulation with the State Board of Equalization

Class 1

North Surgery Center, L.P.

$1,673.00 (monthly)

Total Claim:

$53,792

Pay monthly with first payment due on first business day of the first calendar month following the Effective Date

Paid as scheduled until December 2013; Not Paid in and after January 2014.

Class 2

Precision Forging Dies

Total Claim:

$45,278

Pay in full by the first business day of the thirteenth calendar month following the Effective Date (September 1, 2014)

Not Paid

Section IV, F of the Plan provides  A creditor or party in interest may bring a motion to convert or dismiss the case under   1112(b), after the Plan is confirmed, if there is a default in performing the Plan.  Please refer to Basis of Presentation section on page 4.   

19 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors

Not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this quarterly report.

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities

None.

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures

Not Applicable.

Item 5.    Other Information

None.

Item 6.    Exhibits

(a)           Exhibits

EXHIBIT NO.

DESCRIPTION

31.1

Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2

Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1

Section 906 Certification 

32.2

Section 906 Certification 

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

20 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

IMAGING3, INC.

Dated: November 14, 2016  

By:

/s/ Dane Medley     

Dane Medley

Chief Executive Officer

and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/ Dane Medley

Dated: November 14, 2016  

Dane Medley, Chief Executive Officer

and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Xavier Aguilera

Dated: November 14, 2016  

Xavier Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer,

Secretary, and Executive Vice President

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer)

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION

I, Dane Medley, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Imaging3, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the  registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/Dane Medley                                                                            

Dane Medley, Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION

I, Xavier Aguilera, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Imaging3, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/Xavier Aguilera                                                                            

Xavier Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Imaging3, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) I, Dane Medley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief:

(1)           The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)           The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/Dane Medley  

Date: November 14, 2016  

Dane Medley, Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Imaging3, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) I, Xavier Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief:

(1)           The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)           The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/Xavier Aguilera 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

Xavier Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer)

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 imgg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 imgg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 imgg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 imgg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 imgg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 imgg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

