<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_837852_0001571049-16-019853_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5785368</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136368</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>373877</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1081503</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2542202</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1539587</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019853.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114160323
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019853
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WECAST NETWORK, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000837852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				201777837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35561
		FILM NUMBER:		161994728

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27 UNION SQUARE, WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 502
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-206-1216

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27 UNION SQUARE, WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 502
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wecast Network, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110224

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA BROADBAND INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070516

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019853.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1602477_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

x
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended   September
30, 2016   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from __________
to __________ 

Commission File Number:   001-35561   

WECAST
NETWORK, INC.    

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Nevada    
        20-1778374     
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification
    No.)   

375 Greenwich Street, Suite 516  

   New York, New York 10013   

  (Address of
principal executive offices)  

212-206-1216   

  (Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)  

YOU On Demand
Holdings, Inc.    

 (Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x       
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
  x      
 No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  larger accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer      
      Accelerated
    filer                          
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer        
      Smaller reporting
    company   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
          
No   x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 42,715,658 shares as of November 11, 2016. 

Table of Contents     

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  OF WECAST NETWORK, INC.  

  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I    
        -FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION    

Item
    1.   
       Financial
    Statements   
      3   
 
       Item
    2.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      27   
 
       Item
    3   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      36   
 
       Item
    4.   
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      36   

PART
    II    
        -OTHER
    INFORMATION    

Item
    1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      38   
 
       Item
    1A.   
       Risk
    Factors   
      38   
 
       Item
    2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      38   
 
       Item
    3.   
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
      38   
 
       Item
    4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      38   
 
       Item
    5.   
       Other
    Information   
      38   
 
       Item
    6.   
       Exhibits   
      39   
 
       Signatures   
      40   

References  

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to (i) the  Company,   Wecast Network,   we,   us, 
and  our  are to Wecast Network, Inc. (formerly known as YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc.), a Nevada
corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries and variable interest entities; (ii)  CB Cayman  are to our wholly-owned
subsidiary China Broadband, Ltd., a Cayman Islands company; (iii)  YOD Hong Kong  are to YOU On Demand (Asia) Limited
(formerly known as Sinotop Group Limited), a Hong Kong company wholly-owned by CB Cayman; (iv)  YOD WFOE  are to YOU
On Demand (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd., a PRC company wholly-owned by YOD Hong Kong; (v)  Sinotop Beijing  or  Sinotop 
are to Beijing Sino Top Scope Technology Co., Ltd, a PRC company controlled by YOD Hong Kong through contractual arrangements;
(vi)  Zhong Hai Media  are to Zhong Hai Shi Xun Media Co., Ltd., a PRC company 80% owned by Sinotop Beijing;
(vii)  SSF  are to Tianjin Sevenstarflix Network Technology Limited, a PRC company controlled by YOD Hong Kong through
contractual arrangements; (viii)  Hua Cheng  are to Hua Cheng Hu Dong (Beijing) Film and Television Communication Co.,
Ltd., a PRC company 39% owned by Sinotop Beijing and 20% owner of Zhong Hai Media; (ix)  SEC  are to the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission; (x)  Securities Act  are to Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (xi)  Exchange
Act  are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; (xii)  PRC  and  China  are to People s
Republic of China; (xiii)  Renminbi  and  RMB  are to the legal currency of China; (xiv)  U.S. dollar, 
 $  and  US$  are to United States dollars; and (xv)  VIEs  refers to our current variable
interest entities, Sinotop Beijing, and Tianjin Sevenstarflix Network Technology Limited.  

Table of Contents     

PART I   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial
Statements.  

WECAST NETWORK, INC.  , ITS SUBSIDIARIES
AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  

  INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Page    
 
       Unaudited
    Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      4   
 
       Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      5   
 
       Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
      6   
 
       Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      7   
 
       Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Equity   
      8   
 
       Notes
    to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
      10   

Table of Contents     

Wec   ast
Network, Inc.  , Its Subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entities   UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

Wecast
Network, Inc., Its Subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entities  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

Wecast
Network, Inc., Its Subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entities  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

Wecast
Network, Inc., Its Subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entities  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

Wecast
Network, Inc., Its Subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entities  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY  

  For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

Wecast
Network, Inc., Its Subsidiaries
and Variable Interest Entities  
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY  

  For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents     

1.      Organization and
                                         Principal Activities  

Wecast
Network, Inc. (the  Company ), formerly known as   YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc.,
is a Nevada corporation that primarily operates in China ( PRC ) through its subsidiaries and consolidated variable
interest entities ( VIEs ). The Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated VIEs are collectively referred to as  Wecast
Network ( Wecast Network ,  we ,  us , or  the Company ). 

Wecast
Network provides premium
content and integrated value-added service solutions for the delivery of Video-on-Demand ( VOD ) and paid video programming
to digital cable providers, Internet Protocol Television ( IPTV ) providers, Over-the-Top ( OTT ) streaming
providers, mobile manufacturers and operators. 

In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair statements of the financial position
as of September 30, 2016, results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, have been made. All significant intercompany transactions and balances
are eliminated on consolidation. 

Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally included in the annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been
condensed or omitted. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016 ( 2015 Annual Report ). 

In 2016, the Company adopted
the Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which
requires debt issuance costs be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related
debt liability, instead of reported on the balance sheet as an asset. When the cost is incurred before receipt of the debt or
funding, entities will continue to record the cost of issuing debt as a separate asset. The costs will continue to be amortized
as interest expense using the effective interest method. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 did not have any impact on prior period financial
statements as no debt issuance cost were incurred for the debt that was outstanding as of December 31, 2015. 

2.    Going Concern and Management s
                                         Plans  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred net losses of approximately $6.0 million and $6.6 million, respectively, and cash
used in operations was approximately $7.9 million and $6.2 million, respectively. Further, the Company had cash of $2.8
million and net current liabilities of $7.0  million as of September 30, 2016, including a $3.0 million convertible
note due on demand with the maturity date of December 31, 2016 and accumulated deficit of approximately $92.2 million
and $84.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to recurring losses since the inception of our business. 

The Company must continue to rely
on proceeds from debt and equity issuances to pay for ongoing operating expenses in order to execute its business plan. On March
28, 2016, the Company completed a common stock financing for $10.0 million. In addition, the Company completed two common
stock financing with Seven Star Works Co. Ltd. ( SSW ) for $4.0 million, and with Harvest Alternative
Investment Opportunities SPC ( Harvest ) for $4.0 million on July 19, 2016 and August 12, 2016, respectively.
Although the Company believes it has the ability to raise funds by issuing debt or equity instruments, additional financing may
not be available to the Company on terms acceptable to the Company or at all or such resources may not be received in a timely
manner. 

These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

3.    VIE Structure and Arrangements  

a)    Sinotop VIE structure
                                         and arrangement    

To comply with PRC laws and
regulations that prohibit or restrict foreign ownership of companies that provides value-added telecommunication services, the
Company provides its services through Sinotop Beijing and its subsidiary, Zhong Hai Media, which holds the licenses and
approvals to provide digital distribution and Internet content services in the PRC. The Company has the ability to control Sinotop
Beijing and Zhong Hai Media through a series of contractual agreements entered into among YOD WFOE, YOD Hong Kong, Sinotop
Beijing and the legal shareholders of Sinotop Beijing. 

Table of Contents     

Prior to January 2016, we
entered into a series of contractual agreements to give us the ability to control Sinotop Beijing with Zhang Yan, the legal shareholder
of Sinotop Bejing (the spouse of our then-CEO). In January 2016, in connection with the appointment of our new CEO and in
accordance with our rights under the contractual agreements, (1) the legal ownership of Sinotop Beijing was transferred from Zhang
Yan to Bing Wu, the brother of our current Chairman and Yun Zhu, our Vice President and former Vice President of Beijing Sun Seven
Stars Culture Development Limited ( SSS ), (2) the Company terminated the series of contractual arrangements with
Zhang Yan, and (3) the Company entered into new contractual agreements with Bing Wu and Yun Zhu (collectively, the  New
Sinotop VIE Agreements ). Although the New Sinotop VIE Agreements resulted in changes to the legal shareholders of Sinotop
Beijing, there was no change in the Company s ability to control Sinotop Beijing or the Company s rights to 100% of
the economic benefits of Sinotop Beijing. The Company was the primary beneficiary of Sinotop Beijing prior to the signing of the
New Sinotop VIE Agreements and the Company remained the primary beneficiary of Sinotop Beijing after the signing of the New Sinotop
VIE Agreements. Accordingly, the change in legal ownership of Sinotop Beijing did not have any impact to the Company s consolidation
of Sinotop Beijing. The key terms of the New Sinotop VIE Agreements are summarized as follows: 

Equity Pledge Agreement  

Pursuant to the Equity Pledge
Agreement among YOD WFOE, Sinotop Beijing, Bing Wu and Yun Zhu (collectively, the  Nominee Shareholders ), the Nominee
Shareholders pledged all of their equity interests in Sinotop Beijing (the  Collateral ) to YOD WFOE as security for
the performance of the obligations of Sinotop Beijing to make all the required technical service fee payments pursuant to the
Technical Services Agreement and for performance of the Nominee Shareholders  obligation under the Call Option Agreement.
The terms of the Equity Pledge Agreement expire upon satisfaction of all obligations under the Technical Services Agreement and
Call Option Agreement. 

Call Option Agreement  

Pursuant to the Call Option
Agreement among YOD WFOE, Sinotop Beijing and the Nominee Shareholders, the Nominee Shareholders granted an exclusive option to
YOD WFOE, or its designee, to purchase, at any time and from time to time, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or any portion
of the Nominee Shareholders  equity in Sinotop Beijing. The exercise price of the option shall be determined by YOD WFOE
at its sole discretion, subject to any restrictions imposed by PRC law. The term of the agreement is until all of the equity interest
in Sinotop Beijing held by the Nominee Shareholders are transferred to YOD WFOE, or its designee and may not be terminated by
any part to the agreement without consent of the other parties. 

Power of Attorney  

Pursuant to the Power of Attorney
agreements among YOD WFOE, Sinotop Beijing and each of the respective Nominee Shareholders, each of the Nominee Shareholders granted
YOD WFOE the irrevocable right, for the maximum period permitted by law, all of its voting rights as shareholders of Sinotop Beijing.
The Nominee Shareholders may not transfer any of its equity interest in Sinotop Beijing to any party other than YOD WFOE. The
Power of Attorney agreements may not be terminated except until all of the equity in Sinotop Beijing has been transferred to YOD
WFOE or its designee. 

Technical Service Agreement  

Pursuant to the Technical Service
Agreement between YOD WFOE and Sinotop Beijing, YOD WFOE has the exclusive right to provide technical service, marketing and management
consulting service, financial support service and human resource support services to Sinotop Beijing, and Sinotop Beijing is required
to take all commercially reasonable efforts to permit and facilitate the provision of the services by YOD WFOE. As compensation
for providing the services, YOD WFOE is entitled to receive service fees from Sinotop Beijing equivalent to YOD WFOE s cost
plus 30% of such costs as calculated on accounting policies generally accepted in the PRC. YOD WFOE and Sinotop Beijing agree
to periodically review the service fee and make adjustments as deemed appropriate. The term of the Technical Services Agreement
is perpetual, and may only be terminated upon written consent of both parties. 

Spousal Consent  

Pursuant to the Spousal Consent,
undersigned by the respective spouse of Nominee Shareholders (collectively, the  Spouses ), the Spouses unconditionally
and irrevocably agreed to the execution of the Equity Pledge Agreement, Call Option Agreement and Power of Attorney agreement.
The Spouses agreed to not make any assertions in connection with the equity interest of Sinotop Beijing and to waived consent
on further amendment or termination of the Equity Pledge Agreement, Call Option Agreement and Power of Attorney agreement. The
Spouses further pledge to execute all necessary documents and take all necessary actions to ensure appropriate performance under
these agreements upon YOD WFOE s request. In the event the Spouses obtain any equity interests of Sinotop Beijing which
are held by the Nominee Shareholders, the Spouses agreed to be bound by the New Sinotop VIE Agreements, including the Technical
Services Agreement, and comply with the obligations thereunder, including sign a series of written documents in substantially
the same format and content as the New Sinotop VIE Agreements. 

Table of Contents     

Letter of Indemnification  

Pursuant to the Letter of Indemnification
among YOD WFOE and Bing Wu and YOD WFOE and Yun Zhu, YOD WFOE agreed to indemnify Nominee Shareholders against any personal, tax
or other liabilities incurred in connection with their role in equity transfer to the greatest extent permitted under PRC law.
YOD WFOE further waived and released Nominee Shareholders from any claims arising from, or related to, their role as the legal
shareholder of Sinotop Beijing, provided that their actions as a nominee shareholder are taken in good faith and are not opposed
to YOD WFOE s best interests. Conversely, the Nominee Shareholders will not be entitled to dividends or other benefits generated
therefrom, or receive any compensation in connection with this arrangement. The Letter of Indemnification will remain valid until
either Nominee Shareholders or YOD WFOE terminates the agreement by giving the other party hereto sixty (60) days  prior
written notice. 

In addition to the New Sinotop
VIE Agreements, the Management Service Agreement between Sinotop Beijing and YOD Hong Kong continued to remain in effect, the
key terms of which are as follows: 

Management Services Agreement  

Pursuant to a Management Services
Agreement, as of March 9, 2010, YOD Hong Kong has the exclusive right to provide to Sinotop Beijing management, financial and
other services related to the operation of Sinotop Beijing s business, and Sinotop Beijing is required to take all commercially
reasonable efforts to permit and facilitate the provision of the services by YOD Hong Kong. As compensation for providing the
services, YOD Hong Kong is entitled to receive a fee from Sinotop Beijing, upon demand, equal to 100% of the annual net profits
as calculated on accounting policies generally accepted in the PRC of Sinotop Beijing during the term of the Management Services
Agreement. YOD Hong Kong may also request ad hoc quarterly payments of the aggregate fee, which payments will be credited against
Sinotop Beijing s future payment obligations. 

The Management Services Agreement
also provides YOD Hong Kong, or its designee, with a right of first refusal to acquire all or any portion of the equity of Sinotop
Beijing upon any proposal by the sole shareholder of Sinotop Beijing to transfer such equity. In addition, at the sole discretion
of YOD Hong Kong, Sinotop Beijing is obligated to transfer to YOD Hong Kong, or its designee, any part or all of the business,
personnel, assets and operations of Sinotop Beijing which may be lawfully conducted, employed, owned or operated by YOD Hong Kong,
including: 

(a)       business
opportunities presented to, or available to Sinotop Beijing may be pursued and contracted for in the name of YOD Hong Kong rather
than Sinotop Beijing, and at its discretion, YOD Hong Kong may employ the resources of Sinotop Beijing to secure such opportunities; 

(b)      any
tangible or intangible property of Sinotop Beijing, any contractual rights, any personnel, and any other items or things of value
held by Sinotop Beijing may be transferred to YOD Hong Kong at book value; 

(c)       real
property, personal or intangible property, personnel, services, equipment, supplies and any other items useful for the conduct
of the business may be obtained by YOD Hong Kong by acquisition, lease, license or otherwise, and made available to Sinotop Beijing
on terms to be determined by agreement between YOD Hong Kong and Sinotop Beijing; 

(d)      contracts
entered into in the name of Sinotop Beijing may be transferred to YOD Hong Kong, or the work under such contracts may be subcontracted,
in whole or in part, to YOD Hong Kong, on terms to be determined by agreement between YOD Hong Kong and Sinotop Beijing; and 

(e)       any
changes to, or any expansion or contraction of, the business may be carried out at the sole discretion of YOD Hong Kong, and in
the name of and at the expense of, YOD Hong Kong; provided, however, that none of the foregoing may cause or have the effect of
terminating (without being substantially replaced under the name of YOD Hong Kong) or adversely affecting any license, permit
or regulatory status of Sinotop Beijing. 

The term of the Management
Services Agreement is 20 years, and may not be terminated by Sinotop Beijing, except with the consent of, or a material breach
by, YOD Hong Kong. 

Pursuant to the above
contractual agreements, YOD WFOE can have the assets transferred freely out of Sinotop Beijing without any restrictions.
Therefore, YOD WFOE considers that there is no asset of Sinotop Beijing or Zhong Hai Media that can be used only to
settle obligations of Sinotop Beijing or Zhong Hai Media, except for the registered capital of these two entities
amounting to RMB17.0 million (approximately $2.6 million) as of September 30, 2016. As Sinotop Beijing and Zhong Hai Media
are incorporated as limited liability companies under PRC Company Law, creditors of these two entities do not have recourse
to the general credit of other entities of the Company. 

Table of Contents     

b) Tianjin Sevenstarflix
Network Technology Limited ( SSF ) VIE structure and arrangements  

To comply with PRC laws and regulations
that prohibit or restrict foreign ownership of companies that provides value-added telecommunication services, the Company plans
to also provide its services through SSF, which is applying to hold the licenses and approvals to provide digital distribution
and Internet content services in the PRC. The Company has the ability to control SSF through a series of contractual agreements,
as described below, entered into among YOD WFOE, YOD Hong Kong, SSF and the legal shareholders of SSF. 

On April 5, 2016, YOD WFOE
entered into variable interest entity agreements with SSF and its nominee shareholders pursuant to the Amended Tianjin Agreement
dated December 21, 2015 (see Note 11 (c)) (the  SSF VIE Agreements ). Lan Yang, holder of 99% equity ownership
in SSF and a party to certain of the SSF VIE Agreements, is the spouse of Bruno Zheng Wu, the Company s Chairman. Yun Zhu,
holder of 1% equity ownership in SSF and a party to certain of the SSF VIE Agreements, is the Vice President of SSS. 

The terms of the SSF VIE Agreements
are as follows: 

Equity Pledge Agreement

Pursuant to the Equity Pledge
Agreement among YOD WFOE, Lan Yang and Yun Zhu (the  Nominee Shareholders ), dated April 5, 2016, the Nominee Shareholders
pledged all of their capital contribution rights in SSF to YOD WFOE as security for the performance of the obligations of SSF
to make all the required technical service fee payments pursuant to the Technical Services Agreement and for performance of the
Nominee Shareholders  obligation under the Call Option Agreement. The terms of the Equity Pledge Agreement expire upon satisfaction
of all obligations under the Technical Services Agreement and Call Option Agreement. 

Call Option Agreement   

Pursuant to the Call Option
Agreement among YOD WFOE, SSF and the Nominee Shareholders, dated April 5, 2016, the Nominee Shareholders granted an exclusive
option to YOD WFOE, or its designee, to purchase, at any time and from time to time, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all
or any portion of the Nominee Shareholders  equity in SSF. The exercise price of the option shall be determined by YOD WFOE
at its sole discretion, subject to any restrictions imposed by PRC law. The term of the agreement is until all of the equity interest
in SSF held by the Nominee Shareholders is transferred to YOD WFOE, or its designee and may not be terminated by any party to
the agreement without consent of the other parties. 

Power of Attorney   

Pursuant to the Power of Attorney
agreements among YOD WFOE, SSF and each of the respective Nominee Shareholders, dated April 5, 2016, each of the Nominee Shareholders
granted YOD WFOE the irrevocable right, for the maximum period permitted by law, to all of its voting rights as shareholders of
SSF. The Nominee Shareholders may not transfer any of their equity interest in SSF to any party other than YOD WFOE. The Power
of Attorney agreements may not be terminated except until all of the equity in SSF has been transferred to YOD WFOE or its designee. 

Technical Service Agreement

Pursuant to the Technical Service
Agreement, dated April 5, 2016, between YOD WFOE and SSF, YOD WFOE has the exclusive right to provide technical service, marketing
and management consulting service, financial support service and human resource support services to SSF, and SSF is required to
take all commercially reasonable efforts to permit and facilitate the provision of the services by YOD WFOE. As compensation for
providing the services, YOD WFOE is entitled to receive service fees from SSF equivalent to YOD WFOE s cost plus 20-30%
of such costs as calculated on accounting policies generally accepted in the PRC. YOD WFOE and SSF agree to periodically review
the service fee and make adjustments as deemed appropriate. The term of the Technical Services Agreement is perpetual, and may
only be terminated upon written consent of both parties. 

Spousal Consent   

Pursuant to the Spousal
Consent, dated April 5, 2016, undersigned by the respective spouse of the Nominee Shareholders (collectively, the
 Spouses ), the Spouses unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to the execution of the Equity Pledge Agreement,
Call Option Agreement and Power of Attorney agreement. The Spouses agreed to not make any assertions in connection with the
equity interest of SSF and to waive consent on further amendment or termination of the Equity Pledge Agreement, Call Option
Agreement and Power of Attorney agreement. The Spouses further
pledge to execute all necessary documents and take all necessary actions to ensure appropriate performance under these agreements
upon YOD WFOE s request. In the event the Spouses obtain any equity interests of SSF which are held by the Nominee Shareholders,
the Spouses agreed to be bound by the SSF VIE Agreements, including the Technical Services Agreement, and comply with the obligations
thereunder, including sign a series of written documents in substantially the same format and content as the SSF VIE Agreements. 

Table of Contents     

Letter of Indemnification

Pursuant to the Letter of Indemnification
among YOD WFOE and Lan Yang and YOD WFOE and Yun Zhu, both dated as of April 5, 2016, YOD WFOE agreed to indemnify Nominee Shareholders
against any personal, tax or other liabilities incurred in connection with their role in equity transfer to the greatest extent
permitted under PRC law. YOD WFOE further waived and released the Nominee Shareholders from any claims arising from, or related
to, their role as the legal shareholder of SSF, provided that their actions as a nominee shareholder are taken in good faith and
are not opposed to YOD WFOE s best interests. The Nominee Shareholders will not be entitled to dividends or other benefits
generated therefrom, or receive any compensation in connection with this arrangement. The Letter of Indemnification will remain
valid until either the Nominee Shareholders or YOD WFOE terminates the agreement by giving the other party hereto sixty (60) days 
prior written notice. 

Loan Agreement   

Pursuant to the Loan Agreement
among YOD WFOE and the Nominee Shareholders, dated April 5, 2016, YOD WFOE agrees to lend RMB 19.8 million and RMB 0.2 million,
respectively, to the Nominee Shareholders for the purpose of establishing SSF and for development of its business. As of September
30, 2016, RMB 27.6 million (US $4.2 million) and RMB nil have been lent to Lan Yang and Yun Zhu, respectively. Lan Yang has contributed
all of the RMB 27.6 million (US $4.2 million) in the form of capital contribution and accordingly the loan is eliminated with
the capital of SSF upon consolidation. The loan can only be repaid by a transfer by the Nominee Shareholders of their equity interests
in SSF to YOD WFOE or YOD WFOE s designated persons, through (i) YOD WFOE having the right, but not the obligation to at
any time purchase, or authorize a designated person to purchase, all or part of the Nominee Shareholders  equity interests
in SSF at such price as YOD WFOE shall determine (the  Transfer Price ), (ii) all monies received by the Nominee Shareholders
through the payment of the Transfer Price being used solely to repay YOD WFOE for the loans, and (iii) if the Transfer Price exceeds
the principal amount of the loans, the amount in excess of the principal amount of the loans being deemed as interest payable
on the loans, and to be payable to YOD WFOE in cash. Otherwise, the loans shall be deemed to be interest-free. The term of the
Loan Agreement is perpetual, and may only be terminated upon the Nominee Shareholders receiving repayment notice, or upon the
occurrence of an event of default under the terms of the agreement. 

Management Services Agreement

In addition to the SSF VIE
Agreements, the Company s subsidiary and the parent company of YOD WFOE, YOU On Demand (Asia) Limited, a company incorporated
under the laws of Hong Kong ( YOD Hong Kong ) entered into a Management Services Agreement with SSF, dated as of April
6, 2016 (the  Management Services Agreement ). Pursuant to a Management Services Agreement, YOD Hong Kong has the
exclusive right to provide to SSF management, financial and other services related to the operation of SSF s business, and
SSF is required to take all commercially reasonable efforts to permit and facilitate the provision of the services by YOD Hong
Kong. As compensation for providing the services, YOD Hong Kong is entitled to receive a fee from SSF, upon demand, equal to 100%
of the annual net profits as calculated on accounting policies generally accepted in the PRC of SSF during the term of the Management
Services Agreement. YOD Hong Kong may also request ad hoc quarterly payments of the aggregate fee, which payments will be credited
against SSF s future payment obligations. 

In addition, at the sole discretion
of YOD Hong Kong, SSF is obligated to transfer to YOD Hong Kong, or its designee, any part or all of the business, personnel,
assets and operations of SSF which may be lawfully conducted, employed, owned or operated by YOD Hong Kong, including: 

(a)       business
opportunities presented to, or available to SSF may be pursued and contracted for in the name of YOD Hong Kong rather than SSF,
and at its discretion, YOD Hong Kong may employ the resources of SSF to secure such opportunities; 

(b)       any
tangible or intangible property of SSF, any contractual rights, any personnel, and any other items or things of value held by
SSF may be transferred to YOD Hong Kong at book value; 

(c)       real
property, personal or intangible property, personnel, services, equipment, supplies and any other items useful for the conduct
of the business may be obtained by YOD Hong Kong by acquisition, lease, license or otherwise, and made available to SSF on terms
to be determined by agreement between YOD Hong Kong and SSF; 

Table of Contents     

(d)       contracts
entered into in the name of SSF may be transferred to YOD Hong Kong, or the work under such contracts may be subcontracted, in
whole or in part, to YOD Hong Kong, on terms to be determined by agreement between YOD Hong Kong and SSF; and 

(e)       any
changes to, or any expansion or contraction of, the business may be carried out in the exercise of the sole discretion of YOD
Hong Kong, and in the name of and at the expense of, YOD Hong Kong; 

provided, however, that none
of the foregoing may cause or have the effect of terminating (without being substantially replaced under the name of YOD Hong
Kong) or adversely affecting any license, permit or regulatory status of SSF. 

The term of the Management
Services Agreement is 20 years, and may not be terminated by SSF, except with the consent of, or a material breach by, YOD Hong
Kong. 

Pursuant to the above contractual
agreements, YOD WFOE can have the assets transferred freely out of SSF without any restrictions. Therefore, YOD WFOE considers
that there is no asset of SSF that can be used only to settle obligation of YOD WFOE, except for the registered capital of SSF
amounting to RMB 50.0 million (approximately $7.5 million), among which RMB 27.6 million (approximately $4.2 million) has been
injected as of September 30, 2016. As SSF is incorporated as limited liability company under PRC Company Law, creditors of these
two entities do not have recourse to the general credit of other entities of the Company. 

Financial Information  

The following financial information
of our VIEs, as applicable for the periods presented, affected the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents     

(i)  Intercompany receivables and payables are eliminated upon consolidation. The intercompany financing
activities include the capital injection of $4.2 million to SSF in the nine months
period ended September 30,2016.   

The
revenue producing assets that are held by the VIEs and a VIE s subsidiary primarily comprise of licensed content,
network equipment, software and licenses and website. Substantially all of such assets are recognized in the Company s
consolidated financial statements, except for certain Internet Content Provider licenses, internally developed software, trademarks
and patent applications which were not recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as they do not meet all the
capitalization criteria. The VIEs also have assembled work force for sales, marketing and operations. 

4. Accounts
Receivable  

Accounts receivable is consisted
of the following: 

The movement of the allownace
for doubtful accounts is as follows: 

5.    Property and Equipment  

The following is a breakdown
of our property and equipment: 

We recorded depreciation expense
of approximately $33,000 and $101,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $47,000 and $147,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 respectively. 

6.    Intangible Assets  

As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company s amortizing and indefinite lived intangible assets consisted of the following: 

(i  )
 On April 1, 2016, Wecast Network entered into an agreement with Mr. Liu Changsheng, under which Wecast
Network agreed to pay Mr. Liu Changsheng cash consideration of $187,653 and 66,500 shares of restricted shares with a
six month restriction period and a fair value of $121,695 in exchange for a workforce of 10 personnel experienced in programing
content mobile apps. All 10 personnel enter into three year employment contracts with Wecast Network effective
from April 1, 2016. The Company also acquired certain laptop and desktop computers with fair value of $3,655. According
to the agreement, 30% of the cash consideration is due upon the signing of the agreement, 20% is due 2 months
after the signing of the agreement and 50% is due 6 months after the signing of the agreement. Cash
consideration of $93,825 has been paid as of September 30, 2016, and $93,828 was paid on October 31, 2016. If any
of three key staff, as defined, terminated their employment with Wecast Network during the first 12 months of employment,
Wecast Network has right to forfeit the unpaid cash consideration. In addition, Mr. Liu Changsheng would be required
to pay a default penalty at minimal of $129,180. 

Table of Contents     

Wecast Network has accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition
in which Wecast Network mainly acquired a workforce, which is recognized as an intangible asset at cost. Subsequently,
the workforce intangible is amortized over the employment term of three years. 

We recorded amortization expense
related to our amortizing intangible assets of approximately $90,000 and $243,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and $52,000 and $137,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 respectively, which included the amortization
expense of the workforce acquired as stated above. 

(ii)  Considering
a new mobile app is being developed to be put into market in October, 2016, we determined that the future cash flows
generated from the old mobile app was nil. In accordance with ASC 350,  Intangibles
  Goodwill and Other , recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. We estimated the
fair value of this intangible asset to be nil as of September 30, 2016. Impairment loss recognized from this intangible asset
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is $172,000 and nil, respectively.  

The following table outlines
the amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter: 

7.    Long Term Investments  

(i)    Long Term Investments under
                                         Cost Method    

(a)      Investment
                                         in Topsgames     

On April 13, 2016, SSF entered
into a Game Right Assignment Agreement with SSS for the acquisition of certain game IP rights ( Game IP Rights ) for
approximately $2.7 million (RMB18 million) in cash. As of September 30, 2016, $2.7 million has been all paid to SSS. On April
15, 2016, SSF entered into a Capital Increase Agreement with Nanjing Tops Game Co., Ltd. ( Topsgame ) and its shareholders
whereby SSF transferred the Game IP Rights acquired from SSS to Topsgame in exchange for 13% of Topsgame s equity ownership.
Topsgame is a PRC company that specializes in the independent development and operation of online, stand-alone and other games
as well as the distribution of domestic and overseas games. The investment was part of the Company s transformation and
expansion strategy. The Company s 13% ownership interest does not provide the Company with the right to nor does the Company
have representation on the board of directors of Topsgame. 

The Company has recognized
the cost of the investment in Topsgame, which is a private company with no readily determinable fair value, equal to the fair
value of Game IP Rights of approximately $2.7 million and account for the investment by the cost method. 

In accordance with Topsgame s
board resolution made on July 1, 2016 for all its shareholders to proportionally increase their investments in Topsgame by RMB
30,000,000, SSF has increased its investment in Topsgame by RMB 3,900,000 (approximately $584,000) on September
14, 2016, which maintain 13% equity ownership of Topsgame. The investment was still accounted by the cost
method and amounted to $3.3 million as of September 30, 2016. 

(b)      Investment
                                         in Frequency      

In April 2016, the Company
and Frequency Networks Inc. ( Frequency ) entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the  SPA )
for the purchase of 8,566,271 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Frequency (the  Frequency Preferred Stock ) for
a total purchase price of $3.0 million. The 8,566,271 Series A Preferred Stock represent 13% ownership and voting interest on
an as converted basis and does not provide the Company with the right to nor does the Company have representation on the board
of directors of Frequency. 

The Frequency Preferred Stock
is entitled to non-cumulative dividends at the rate of $0.02548 per share per annum, declared at the discretion of Frequency s
board of directors. The Frequency Preferred Stock is also convertible into shares of Frequency common stock at the Company s
election any time after issuance on a 1:1 basis, subject to certain adjustment. Each share of Frequency Preferred Stock also has
a liquidation preference of $0.42467 per share, plus any declared but unpaid dividends. 

Table of Contents     

The Company has recognized the
cost of the investment in Frequency, which is a private company with no readily determinable fair value, at its cost of $3 million
and account for the investment by the cost method. As of September 30, 2016, investment in Frequency was $3 million. 

(ii)    Long Term Investment under
                                         Equity Method    

(c)      Investment
                                         in Shandong Media and Hua Cheng     

Investments in entities where
the Company can exercise significant influence, but not control, is classified as a long-term equity investment and accounted
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and adjusted for the Company s
share of undistributed earnings or losses of the investee. Investment losses are recognized until the investment is written down
to nil provided the Company does not guarantee the investee s obligations nor it is committed to provide additional funding. 

As of and for the period ended
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s long term equity investments are comprised of the Company 
investment in Shandong Lushi Media Co., Ltd. ( Shandong Media ) and Hua Cheng Hu Dong (Beijing) Film and Television
Communication Co., Ltd. ( Hua Cheng ), which are 30% and 39%, respectively, owned by Sinotop Beijing. The long term
investment in Shandong Media was nil and nil as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively, and the long term investment
in Hua Cheng was $0.4 million and $0.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively. 

8.      Stockholders  Equity  

On July 6, 2016, the Company
entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the  SSW SPA ) with Seven Stars Works Co., Ltd., a Korea company ( SSW )
and an affiliate of SSS. Pursuant to the terms of the SSW SPA, the Company has agreed to sell and issue 2,272,727 shares of the
Company s common stock for $1.76 per share, or a total purchase price of $4.0 million to SSW. A total of $4.0 million was
received and 2,272,727 shares were issued on July 19, 2016. 

On
August 11, 2016, the Company entered into Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Harvest SPA ) with Harvest Alternative
Investment Opportunities SPC ( Harvest ), a Cayman Islands company. Pursuant to the terms of the Harvest SPA, the
Company has agreed to sell and issue 2,272,727 shares of the Company s Common Stock, for $1.76 per share, or a total purchase
price of $4.0 million to Harvest. A total of $4.0 million was received  and 2,272,727 shares were issued on August 12, 2016. 

9.    Fair Value Measurements  

Accounting standards require
the categorization of financial assets and liabilities, based on the inputs to the valuation technique, into a three-level fair
value hierarchy. The various levels of the fair value hierarchy are described as follows: 

Level
                                         1   Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on unadjusted quoted
                                         market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that we have the
                                         ability to access.    

Level
                                         2   Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on quoted prices in
                                         markets that are not active or model inputs that are observable for substantially the
                                         full term of the asset or liability.    

Level
                                         3   Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation
                                         techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall
                                         fair value measurement.    

Accounting standards require
the use of observable market data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall
within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

We review the valuation techniques
used to determine if the fair value measurements are still appropriate on an annual basis, and evaluate and adjust the unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurements based on current market conditions and third party information. 

Common stock is valued at closing
price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 

The fair value of the warrant
liabilities at September 30, 2016 were valued using the Black-Scholes Merton method as an estimate for the Monte Carlos Simulation
method which was the method used at the year ended December 31, 2015. The following assumptions were incorporated: 

The following tables present
the fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively: 

Table of Contents     

The table
below reflects the components effecting the change in fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

On March 28, 2016, the Company
issued common stock and warrant to SSS (see Note 11). The warrant is considered an equity classified instrument and the
fair value of the warrant on March 28, 2016 was $672,727, which was valued using the Monte Carlos Simulation method. The following
assumptions were incorporated: 

The significant unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s warrant includes the risk free interest rate, expected volatility,
expected term and expected dividend yield. Significant increases or decreases in any of those inputs in isolation would result
in a significantly different fair value measurement. 

The carrying amount of cash,
accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, other payables and convertible note as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

10.    Related Party Transactions  

(a)      $3.0 Million
                                         Convertible Note     

On May 10, 2012, the Company s
then Executive Chairman and Principal Executive Officer and current Vice Chairman, Mr. Shane McMahon, made a loan to the Company
in the amount of $3,000,000. In consideration for the loan, the Company issued a convertible note to Mr. McMahon in the aggregate
principal amount of $3,000,000 (the  Note ) at a 4% interest rate computed on the basis of a 365 day year. Upon issuance,
the conversion price of the Note was equal to the price per share paid for securities by investors in the most recent financing
(as of the date of conversion) of equity or equity-linked securities of the Company. 

Effective on January 31, 2014,
the Company and Mr. McMahon entered into an amendment the Note pursuant to which the Note is, at Mr. McMahon s option, payable
on demand or convertible on demand into shares of Series E Preferred Stock of the Company (the  Series E Preferred Stock )
at a conversion price of $1.75, until December 31, 2015. As a result, in 2014, the Company recognized a beneficial conversion
feature discount calculated as the difference between the fair value of the common stock at the commitment date for the Series
E Preferred Stock investment and the effective conversion price. As such, the Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature
of approximately $2,126,000 which in 2014 was reflected as interest expense and additional paid-in capital since the note was
payable upon demand. 

Table of Contents     

Effective December 30, 2014,
the Company and Mr. McMahon entered into another amendment pursuant to which the maturity date of the Note was extended to December
31, 2016. The Note remains payable on demand or convertible on demand into shares of Series E Preferred Stock at a conversion
price of $1.75 at Mr. McMahon s option. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded interest expense of $30,000 and $90,000, respectively, related to the Note; For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded interest expense of $30,000 and $90,000, respectively,
related to the Note. As of September 30, 2016, total accrued and unpaid interest amounted to $497,425 and is recorded in accrued
expenses in the the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

(b) Revenue and Accounts
Receivable    

In March 2015, Zhong Hai Media
entered into an agreement with C Media Limited ( C Media ), a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our capital
stock, controlled by our director Xuesong Song, to provide video content services via C Media s proprietary railway Wi-Fi
service platform. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, total revenue recognized amounted to nil
and nil, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, total revenue recognized amounted
to nil and $182,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, total accounts receivable due from C Media amounted to approximately
$90,000. The entire $90,000 accounts receivable due from C Media was collected on October 20, 2016. 

(c) Cost of Revenue   

Hua Cheng, the minority shareholder
of Zhong Hai Media, charged us licensed content fees of approximately $55,000 and nil for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and approximately $148,000 and $80,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As
of September 30 2016, total accrued license content fees due to Hua Cheng amounted to approximately $164,000. 

(d) Purchase of Game
IP Rights   

On April 13, 2016, SSF entered
into a Game Right Assignment Agreement with SSS for the acquisition of certain Game IP Rights for cash based on total fair value
of the Game IP Rights, which was determined to be approximately $2.7 million (RMB 18 million), of which approximately $2.1
million (RMB 14 million) and $0.6 million (RMB 4 million) has been paid out in the quarter ended on June 30 and September
30 respectively. The Game IP Rights was recorded at cost and then subsequently transferred in exchange for the investment in Topsgame
as disclosed in Note 7 above. 

(e) Deposit for Investment
in MYP   

On September 19, 2016, the
Company signed a non-binding term sheet with Sun Video Group HK Limited ( SVG ) in purchase for its 51%
ownership of M.Y. Products, LLC ( MYP ), a video commerce and supply chain management operator, in exchange for
$50 million worth of Wecast Network common stock and $800,000 cash. SVG guarantees MYP will achieve $200 million
cumulative top line revenue, within 12 months of closing. If MYP fails to meet the guarantee, then SVG shall forfeit back to
the Company the Wecast Network common stock it received, on a pro-rata basis of revenue achieved. The shares will be held in escrow until
the guarantee is met. MYP is 51% owned by SVG, an affiliate of the Company s Chairman, Bruno Wu, and SSS. 

In accordance with the term sheet,
the Company shall wire $800,000 (or its RMB equivalent) to MYP upon signing the term sheet as Good Faith Deposit. If this above-stated
transaction is not completed within 6 months (unless further extended by both parties), then the Good Faith Deposit shall be repaid
within 15 business days. As of September 30, 2016, the transaction has not yet been closed, and $650,000 of the deposit has been
paid to MYP. The rest of $150,000 of the deposit was paid on November 8, 2016.  

On November 23, 2015, the Company
entered into a series of agreements for a strategic investment by SSS, a PRC company in the media and entertainment industry that
is controlled by the Company s Chairman, Bruno Zheng Wu. The strategic investment by SSS included a private placement of
equity securities of the Company, a content licensing agreement, and the potential for Tianjin Enternet Network Technology Limited
( Tianjin Enternet ), an affiliate of SSS, to earn additional shares of the Company s common stock contingent
on the performance of SSF. SSF intends to provide a branded pay content service, consumer payments and behavior data analysis
service, customer management and data-based service and mobile social TV-based customer management service. 

On December 21, 2015, the Company
entered into an Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Amended SSS Purchase Agreement ) and a Revised
Content License Agreement (the  Revised Content Agreement ) with SSS which amended certain terms of the original agreements
dated November 23, 2015. In addition, the Company also entered into an Amended and Restated Share Purchase Agreement (the  Amended
Tianjin Agreement ) with Tianjin Enternet. 

(a)      Amended SSS
                                         Purchase Agreement     

On March 28, 2016, pursuant
to the Amended SSS Purchase Agreement, the Company sold, and SSS purchased, 4,545,455 shares of the Company s common stock
for a purchase price of $2.20 per share, or an aggregate of $10.0 million. In addition, SSS received a two-year warrant to acquire
an additional 1,818,182 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $2.75 per share (the  SSS Warrant ).
Until receipt of necessary shareholder approvals, the SSS Warrant may not be exercised to the extent that such exercise would
result in SSS and its affiliates beneficially owning more than 19.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock. On June
27, 2016, shareholder approval was obtained. 

Since the SSS Warrant does
not embody any future obligation for the Company to repurchase its own shares, is indexed to the Company s own stock, may
only be settled by the physical delivery of shares, and no conditions exist in which net cash settlement could be forced upon
the Company by SSS in any other circumstances, the SSS Warrant is considered an equity classified instrument. The proceeds of
$10.0 million, net of issuance cost of approximately $443,000,was allocated to common stock and SSS Warrant based on their relative
fair value as of March 28, 2016 of approximately $8,227,000 and $673,000, respectively. Accordingly, the Company recorded approximately
$722,000 in additional paid-in capital for the SSS Warrant. 

Table of Contents     

(b)      Revised Content
                                         Agreement     

On March 28, 2016, pursuant
to the Amended and Restated SSS Purchase Agreement, SSS granted the Company non-exclusive royalty-free distribution rights for
certain video content value at approximately $29.1 million in exchange for a convertible promissory note (the  SSS Note ).
The SSS Note has a stated principal amount of approximately $17,718,000, was originally due to mature on May 21, 2016, and beard
an interest at the rate of 0.56% per annum. Immediately upon the receipt of the required shareholder approval to allow SSS to
beneficially own more than 19.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock, which was obtained on June 27, 2016, the SSS
Note was automatically converted into 9,208,860 shares of the Company s common stock. On June 27, 2016, shareholder approval
was obtained. 

In connection with the issuance
of the SSS Note, the Company recorded debt issuance costs of approximately $131,000 which was to be amortized over the
period of the SSS Note s maturity date, of which approximately nil and $122,000 was recognized during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 respectively. 

The Company measured the effective
conversion price of the SSS Note using its carrying value on March 28, 2016 and compared it to the fair value of the Company s
common stock on that date. As the effective conversion price of the SSS Note of $1.91 exceeded the fair value of the Company s
common stock, no beneficial conversion feature was recognized. 

On May 12, 2016, the Company
and SSS entered into an amendment agreement to extend the maturity date of the SSS Note to July 31, 2016. 

In the Annual Meeting of Shareholders
(the  Annual Meeting ) of the Company held on June 27, 2016, shareholders approved the issuance of 9,208,860 shares
of the Company s common stock upon the conversion of the SSS Note and it was automatically converted into 9,208,860 shares
of the Company s common stock on June 27, 2016. 

The carrying value of the SSS
Note as of June 27, 2016, which included the unamortized issuance costs of $9,000 and, pursuant to the terms of SSS Note, accrued
interest expense (as to the date of conversion) of $ 24,000 has been recorded into the common shares issued on June 27, 2016. 

(c)      Amended Tianjin
                                         Agreement     

Pursuant to the Amended Tianjin
Agreement dated December 21, 2015, Tianjin Enternet was to contribute 100% of the equity ownership of SSF, a newly-formed subsidiary
of Tianjin Enternet to the Company. Contingent on the performance of SSF, Tianjin Enternet will receive shares of the Company s
common stock over three years, with the exact number not exceeding 5.0 million per year, provided the earn-out provisions for
each of the 2016, 2017 and 2018 annual periods (the  Earn-Out Share Award ) are achieved. The earn-out provision for
2016, 2017 and 2018 are either 50.0 million homes/users passed or $4.0 million net income, 100.0 million homes/users passed or
$6.0 million net income and 150.0 million homes/users passed or $8.0 million net income, respectively. In the event that the Company
has not obtained the required vote from shareholders to issue the earn-out shares to Tianjin Enternet, the Company shall issue
a promissory note with a principal amount equal to the quotient by multiplying 5.0 million by the applicable stock price defined
in the agreement. 

On April 5, 2016, in lieu of
Tianjin Enternet contributing 100% of the equity ownership of SSF to the Company, YOD WFOE entered into VIE agreements with SSF
and its legal shareholders in order to comply with PRC regulatory requirements on certain industries. SSF is 99% owned by Lan
Yang, the spouse of Bruno Zheng Wu, the Company s Chairman, and 1% owned by Yun Zhu, a Vice President of Wecast Network.
By virtue of these VIE agreements; YOD WFOE obtained financial controlling interest in SSF, including the power to direct the
activities of SSF, and therefore is the primary beneficiary of SSF. As the control of SSF was transferred to YOD WFOE through
both the VIE agreements and physical handover of company documents on April 5, 2016, the transaction was determined to be completed
on that date. 

At the time YOD WFOE obtained
control over SSF, SSF had no assets, liabilities, employees or operating activities, nor did it hold any licenses, trade names
or other intellectual properties. The Company also did not receive any assets, employees, contracts, sales or distribution systems
or intellectual property from Tianjin Enternet in connection with the transaction. Since the acquisition of SSF did not include
any input or processes, as defined under ASC 805-10-20, the transaction was not considered a business combination under ASC 805. 

The earn-out provision is based
on either the number of home/user pass or the net income of SSF. While the net income is measured based on the operations of SSF,
the number of home/user pass is measured based on number of home/user pass of SSF s distributors. Such earn-out provision
is based on an index that is not calculated solely by reference to the operations of SSF, which is not considered indexed to the
Company s own shares. Also the earn-out provisions permit cash settlement if the Company cannot issue the earn-out shares.
Therefore, the earn-out provision is classified as a liability and measured initially and subsequently at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in earnings at each reporting periods. 

Table of Contents     

On June 27, 2016, the Company
held its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders and received approval from its stockholders to allow SSS to beneficially own more
than 19.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock. Accordingly, the Earn-Out Share Award became issuable at the time
when the earn-out provisions are considered to have been met pursuant to the Amended Tianjin Agreement. 

The Company obtained control
of SSF on April 5, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, SSF had not been fully ready yet to conduct its new business, including any
Internet, telecommunication or content related sales and operations. Accordingly, the liability recognized was nil as of September
30, 2016 because the conditions to trigger the issuance of the Earn-Out Share Award were not probable of being met. 

12.    Warrant Liabilities  

In connection with our August
30, 2012 private financing, we issued investors and a broker warrants to acquire 977,063 shares of the Company s common
stock, of which 440,813 shares were exercised prior to January 1, 2015. In accordance with FASB ASC 815-40-15-5, Determining Whether
an Instrument (or Embedded Feature) is indexed to an Entity s Own Stock; the warrants have been accounted as derivative
liabilities to be re- measured at the end of every reporting period with the change in value reported in the consolidated statement
of operations. On August 30, 2012, such warrants were valued at $1,525,000 utilizing a valuation model and were initially recorded
as a liability. The warrants are revalued at each year end based on the Monte Carlo valuation. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the warrant liability was re-valued as disclosed in Note 9, and recorded at its fair value of approximately $193,000
and $395,000, respectively, resulting in a gain of approximately $202,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There
were no warrants exercised during nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

13.    Share-Based Payments  

As of September 30, 2016, the
Company had 2,151,428 options and 3,783,002 warrants outstanding (including the 1,818,182 warrants issued to SSS as
disclosed in Note 11 (a)) to purchase shares of our common stock. 

The Company awards common stock
and stock options to employees and directors as compensation for their services, and accounts for its stock option awards to employees
and directors pursuant to the provisions of ASC 718,  Stock Compensation . The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Merton valuation model. The Company recognizes the fair value of each option as compensation
expense ratably using the straight-line attribution method over the service period, which is generally the vesting period. 

Total share-based payments
expense recorded by the Company during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

Effective as of December 3,
2010, our Board of Directors approved the Wecast Network, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan ( the Plan ) pursuant
to which options or other similar securities may be granted. The maximum aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may
be issued under the Plan is 4,000,000 shares. As of September 30, 2016, options available for issuance are 1,239,467 shares. 

(a)      Stock Options     

Stock option activity for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized as follows: 

Table of Contents     

On July 6, 2016, 455,000 shares
stock options were issued to certain employees for services provided to us. The fair value of the stock options granted were valued
using the Black-Scholes Merton method on the grant date, amounting to $423,000.  

The following table summarizes
the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the share options granted in the years presented: 

As of September 30, 2016, approximately
$435,000 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share options is expected to be recognized over
a weighted average period of approximately 2.64 years. The total fair value of shares vested during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $12,000 and $301,000 respectively. 

(b) Warrants   

In connection with the Company s
financings, the Warner Brother Agreement and the service agreements, the Company issued warrants to service providers
to purchase common stock of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the weighted average exercise price of the warrants was $1.68 and the weighted average remaining life was 1.87 years. The May
2011 Warner Brothers Warrants of 200,000 and 2011 Service Agreement Warrants of 26,667 expired as of September 30, 2016. The
following table outlines the warrants outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(i)  The warrants are classified as derivative
                                         liabilities as disclosed in Note 12.   

14.    Net Loss Per Common Share  

Basic net loss per common share
attributable to Wecast Network shareholders is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to Wecast Network
shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the applicable period. Diluted net loss per share
equals basic net loss per share because the effect of securities convertible into common shares is anti-dilutive. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the number of securities convertible into common shares not included in diluted loss per common share because
the effect would have been anti-dilutive consists of the following: 

The Company has reserved its
authorized but unissued common stock for possible future issuance in connection with the following: 

Table of Contents     

As of September 30, 2016, the
Company had approximately $27.7 million of the U.S domestic cumulative tax loss carryforwards and approximately $17.0
million of the foreign cumulative tax loss carryforwards, which may be available to reduce future income tax liabilities in
certain jurisdictions. These U.S. and foreign tax loss carryforwards will expire beginning year 2028 through 2036 and year 2016
to year 2021, respectively. We have established a 100% valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets due to our history
of pre-tax losses and the likelihood that the deferred tax assets will not be realizable. The valuation allowance increased approximately
$0.2 million and $1.8 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, there
are no unrecorded tax benefits which would impact our financial position or our results of operations. 

16.    Contingencies and Commitments  

(a) Severance Commitment   

The Company has employment
agreements with certain employees that provide severance payments upon termination of employment under certain circumstances,
as defined in the applicable agreements. As of September 30, 2016, the Company's potential minimum cash obligation to these employees
was approximately $279,000. 

(b) Operating
Lease Commitment   

The Company is committed to
paying operating leases related to our offices in China through 2020 and thereafter as follows: 

(c) Licensed Content
Commitment   

The Company is committed to
paying content costs through 2019 as follows: 

(d) Lawsuits
and Legal Proceedings   

From time to time, we may become
involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
As of September 30, 2016, there are no such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or operating results. 

(e) Acquisition of Property
Commitment   

In consideration of the Company s
business expansion and rising rental costs, on February 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with Beijing Kuntin Taiming
Investment Management Co., Ltd. for purchase of an office building.  

Table of Contents     

Total consideration for
the property acquisition was approximately $4,239,000 (RMB 27 million), which the Company has paid $3,214,000 million
(RMB 21 million) in the second and third quarters of 2016 and is committed to paying the following through 2016 as
follows: 

(f) Marketing Expense Commitment   

The Company is committed to
paying marketing expense through 2016 as follows: 

(g) Investment commitment   

The Company entered into a
Joint Venture Agreement (the  JV Agreement ) with Megtron Hong Kong Investment Group Co., Limited on May 30, 2016,
pursuant to which the Company is committed to contribute RMB 5.0 million within one month after the Joint-Venture Company is
formed. 

17.    Concentration, Credit and Other Risks  

(a)      PRC Regulations     

The PRC market in which the
Company operates poses certain macro-economic and regulatory risks and uncertainties. These uncertainties extend to the ability
of the Company to conduct wireless telecommunication services through contractual arrangements in the PRC since the industry remains
highly regulated. The Company conducts all of its operations in China through Zhong Hai Media, which the Company controls
as a result of a series of contractual arrangements entered among YOD WFOE, Sinotop Beijing as the parent company of Zhong Hai
Media, SSF and the respective legal shareholders of Sinotop Beijing and SSF. The Company believes that these contractual
arrangements are in compliance with PRC law and are legally enforceable. If Sinotop Beijing, SSF or their respective legal shareholders
fail to perform the obligations under the contractual arrangements or any dispute relating to these contracts remains unresolved,
YOD WFOE or YOD HK can enforce its rights under the VIE contracts through PRC law and courts. However, uncertainties in the PRC
legal system could limit the Company s ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In particular, the interpretation
and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties. If YOD WFOE had direct ownership of Sinotop Beijing
and SSF, it would be able to exercise its rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of Sinotop Beijing
or SSF, which in turn could effect changes at the management level, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations. However,
under the current contractual arrangements, the Company relies on Sinotop Beijing, SSF and their respective legal shareholders
to perform their contractual obligations to exercise effective control. The Company also gives no assurance that PRC government
authorities will not take a view in the future that is contrary to the opinion of the Company. If the current ownership structure
of the Company and its contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their equity holders were found to be in violation of any existing
or future PRC laws or regulations, the Company's ability to conduct its business could be impacted and the Company may be required
to restructure its ownership structure and operations in the PRC to comply with the changes in the PRC laws which may result in
deconsolidation of the VIEs. 

In addition, the telecommunications,
information and media industries remain highly regulated. Restrictions are currently in place and are unclear with respect to
which segments of these industries foreign owned entities, like YOD WFOE, may operate. The PRC government may issue from time
to time new laws or new interpretations on existing laws to regulate areas such as telecommunications, information and media,
some of which are not published on a timely basis or may have retroactive effect. For example, there is substantial uncertainty
regarding the Draft Foreign Investment Law, including, among others, what the actual content of the law will be as well as the
adoption and effective date of the final form of the law. Administrative and court proceedings in China may also be protracted,
resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. While such uncertainty exists, the Company
cannot assure that the new laws, when it is adopted and becomes effective, and potential related administrative proceedings will
not have a material and adverse effect on the Company's ability to control the affiliated entities through the contractual arrangements.
Regulatory risk also encompasses the interpretation by the tax authorities of current tax laws, and the Company s legal
structure and scope of operations in the PRC, which could be subject to further restrictions resulting in limitations on the Company s
ability to conduct business in the PRC. 

Table of Contents     

(b) Major Customers   

The Company relies on agreements
with distribution partners, including digital cable operators, IPTV operators, OTT streaming operators and mobile smartphone manufacturers
and operators, during the course of its business. A distribution partner that individually generates more than 10% of the Company s
revenue is considered a major customer. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, three customers individually accounted for 31%, 16% and 13% of the Company s revenue. Three
customers individually accounted for 33%, 14% and 12% of the Company s net accounts receivables
as of September 30, 2016. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, three customers individually accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenue. Four customers individually
accounted for 10% of the Company s net accounts receivables as of September 30, 2015. 

(c) Major Suppliers   

The Company relies on agreements
with studio content partners to acquire video contents. A content partner that accounts for more than 10% of the Company s
cost of revenues is considered a major supplier. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, four suppliers individually accounted for 30%, 24%, 20% and 13% of the Company s cost
of revenues. Two suppliers individually accounted for 85% and 15% of the Company s accrued license content
fees as of September 30, 2016. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, four suppliers individually accounted for more than 10% of the Company s cost of revenues. One supplier individually
accounted for 10% of the Company s accounts payable as of September 30, 2015. 

(d) Concentration
of Credit Risks   

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk primarily consist of cash and accounts receivable.
As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s cash was held by financial institutions located in the PRC, Hong Kong and
the United States that management believes have acceptable credit. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are mainly
derived from revenues from the Company s VOD content distribution partners. The risk with respect to accounts receivable
is mitigated by regular credit evaluations that the Company performs on its distribution partners and its ongoing monitoring of
outstanding balances. 

(e) Foreign
Currency Risks   

A majority of the Company s
operating transactions are denominated in RMB and a significant portion of the Company s assets and liabilities is denominated
in RMB. RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. The value of the RMB is subject to changes in the central government
policies and to international economic and political developments. In the PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required
by laws to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People s Bank of China ( PBOC ).
Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Company in China must be processed through PBOC or other China foreign exchange
regulatory bodies which require certain supporting documentation in order to complete the remittance. 

Cash consist of cash on hand
and demand deposits at banks, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal. 

Demand deposits maintained
at banks consist of the following: 

As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 deposits of $236,826 and $241,807 were insured, respectively. To limit exposure to credit risk relating
to bank deposits, the Company primarily places bank deposits only with large financial institutions in the PRC, HK SAR, USA and
Cayman with acceptable credit rating. 

18.    Defined Contribution Plan  

During 2011, the Company began
sponsoring a 401(k) defined contribution plan ( 401(k) Plan ) that provides for a 100% employer matching contribution
of the first 3% and a 50% employer matching contribution of each additional percent contributed by an employee up to 5% of each
employee s pay. Employees become fully vested in employer matching contributions after six months of employment. Company
401(k) matching contributions were approximately $1,000 and $3,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 respectively
and $1,000 and $7,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 respectively. 

Table of Contents     

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements  

This Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking 
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by the use of forward-looking words such as
 may ,  will ,  expect ,  anticipate ,  estimate ,  believe ,  continue ,
or other similar words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our future expectations,
contain projections of our future results of operations or financial condition or state other  forward-looking  information.
We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. However, these forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the expectations that are expressed, implied
or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. There may be events in the future that we are unable to accurately predict
or control, including weather conditions and other natural disasters which may affect demand for our products, and the product development
and marketing efforts of our competitors. Examples of these events are more fully described in the Company s 2015 Annual
Report under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Unless required by law, the
Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the reports and documents the Company files from time to time with
the SEC, particularly its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Report on Form 10-K , Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports. 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following management s
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto and the other financial
information appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains certain
forward-looking information. See  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements  above for certain information
concerning those forward-looking statements. 

Overview  

Wecast Network is a
premium Video On Demand ( VOD ) service provider with primary operations in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ).
Wecast Network, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 19, 2004. Wecast Network is leveraging and optimizing
its current operations as a premium content Video On Demand service provider in China to evolve into a global, B2B2C, mobile-driven,
consumer management platform for both enterprises and consumers.  By aiming to establish the world s premier multimedia,
social networking and e-commerce-enabled network with the largest global effective connected user base, Wecast Network, through
this expanded, cloud-based, ecosystem of connected screens combined with strong partnerships with leading global providers, will
be capable of delivering a vast array of Wecast Network branded products and services to enterprise customers and end-use
consumers - anytime and anywhere, across multiple platforms and devices.     

Wecast Network, through
its subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities, provides enhanced premium content and integrated value-added service
solutions for the delivery of VOD and paid video programming to digital cable providers, Internet Protocol Television ( IPTV )
providers, Over-the-Top ( OTT ) streaming providers, mobile manufacturers and operators, as well as direct to customers. 

We launched our VOD service
through the acquisition of YOD Hong Kong, formerly Sinotop Group Limited, on July 30, 2010. Through a series of contractual agreements,
YOD WFOE, the subsidiary of YOD Hong Kong, controls Beijing Sino Top Scope Technology Co., Ltd. ( Sinotop Beijing ),
a corporation established in the PRC. Sinotop Beijing is the 80% owner of Zhong Hai Shi Xun Media Co., Ltd. ( Zhong
Hai Media ), though which we provide: 1) integrated value-added business-to-business ( B2B ) service
solutions for the delivery of VOD and enhanced premium content for digital cable; 2) integrated value-added business-to-business-to-customer
( B2B2C ) service solutions for the delivery of enhanced premium content for IPTV and OTT providers and; 3) a direct
to user, or B2C, mobile video service app. As a result of the contractual arrangements with Sinotop Beijing, we have the right
to control management decisions and direct the economic activities that most significantly impact Sinotop Beijing and Zhong Hai
Media, and accordingly, under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ),
we consolidate these operating entities in our consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents     

Recent Development   

On September 19, 2016, Wecast
Network signed a non-binding term sheet with Sun Video Group HK Limited ( SVG ) for the purchase
of its 51% interest of M.Y. Products, LLC ( MYP ), a video commerce and supply chain management operator,
in exchange for $50 million worth of Wecast Network common stock and $800,000 cash. SVG guarantees MYP will achieve
$200 million cumulative top line revenue, within 12 months of closing. If MYP fails to meet the guarantee, then SVG shall
forfeit back to the Company the Wecast Network common stock it received, on a pro-rata basis  of revenue achieved. The
shares will be held in escrow until the guarantee is met. MYP is 51% owned by SVG, an affiliate of Wecast Network's
Chairman, Bruno Wu, and SSS. As of September 30, 2016, the deal with MYP is contingent upon, among other things, a fairness
opinion and third-party valuation. 

Additionally, the Company changed
its corporate name to Wecast Network, Inc. ( Wecast Network ), and the amendment for the name change
has been filed with the state of Nevada and the change has become effective from November 11, 2016. 

The purpose of
changing the corporate name to Wecast Network, was to find a designation that could better encompass and
further establish the Company s unique identity in the industry and to more accurately represent the planned full
portfolio of solutions and services that are in development and aimed at both a Chinese and global audience. This name
change marks a new and expanded focus, and it underscores the Company s firm commitment to offering innovative products
and solutions that go well beyond the current offering. We are investing heavily in the future of our Company, as
the Company s industry requires an innovative approach and a fundamentally different way of operating. The
Company s transformation strategy is focused on understanding and capturing data on the Company s consumer's
desires and habits and leveraging business partner's technology and marketing to better monetize our
Company s world-class content in order to deliver personalized experiences to our Company s contracted and
addressable users and drive value for all of the stakeholders. The rebranding to Wecast Network represents the
ecosystem our Company is trying to build, coupled with our Company s intention to leverage the
infrastructure and reach of some of our Company s partners in order to execute on the Company s
strategy. 

Alongside the corporate name
change, the Company is launching the Wecast Supply Chain Management Platform ( WSCM ) that will reside under
the Video Commerce Division.  WSCM will be an innovative platform that will directly connect Chinese product manufacturers
to a global market of big box retailers (via various technology platforms), thereby disrupting the existing hierarchical and multilayered
model of distribution. MYP will be a cornerstone of WSCM. 

Through this transaction, Wecast Network is gaining both a M2B or Manufacturer to Business, supply chain management operator as well as a M2C or Manufacturer
to Consumer, video commerce operator, both of which will offer a full suite of pre-and post-sale services including administration,
product management, logistics, financing, branding, licensing support and marketing for Chinese manufacturers exporting to the
U.S.  MYP assists Chinese manufacturer's revenue and profitability by reducing exorbitant middlemen costs that exist today
in the distribution chain and allowing some of those savings to be reapportioned to brand development and design. 

Principal Factors Affecting Our Financial
Performance  

Our operating results are primarily affected
by the following factors: 

Our
                                         ability to adapt our product and service offerings to meet consumer demands  .
                                         Our expansion prospect is dependent on continued development of our product and services.
                                         The content distribution industry in China is highly competitive and dominated by large
                                         Internet companies that have more resources than us. The growth of our business will
                                         depend on whether we can develop new services and products that can offer higher quality
                                         contents, technological innovation and unique user experience.    

Our
                                         ability to expand our subscriber base  . Our business is affected by the overall
                                         size of our user base, which in turn is determined by, among other factors, (i) user
                                         experience of our service and products, (ii) our relationship with distribution platforms,
                                         such as digital cable and IPTV providers and mobile product manufacturers, (iii) expansion
                                         of our business to include increased service offerings and (iv) the expansion of our
                                         subscribers beyond smartphones to mobile tablets and other Internet-enabled mobile devices.

Our
                                         ability to achieve revenue growth and meet internal or external expectations of future
                                         performance  . In the latter half of 2013, we shifted our focus to our core multi-platform
                                         video streaming services and our business model is still evolving. Our financial performance
                                         is affected by, among other things, our ability to come to favorable business terms with
                                         our distribution partners, manage and procure contents in a cost-effective manner and
                                         manage our operating expenses. Overall, our normalized operating expenses have been decreasing
                                         but we have also incurred certain additional costs related to our financing activities,
                                         maintaining our public company status and making staff reductions.     

Table of Contents     

Changes
                                         in China s economic, political or social policies or conditions  . We operate
                                         in China and derive all of our revenues from sales to customers in China. Accordingly,
                                         our business, financial condition and results of operation is significantly influenced
                                         by the political, social and economic policies and conditions in China. While the Chinese
                                         economy has experienced significant growth over the past decade, growth has been uneven,
                                         both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. In addition, the Chinese
                                         government continues to play a significant role in regulating telecommunication and Internet
                                         industry development by imposing certain laws and regulations concerning Internet access
                                         and distribution of video content and other information over traditional and new media
                                         platforms. Some of the laws and regulations are also relatively new and involving and
                                         their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainty.     

Taxation  

United States   

Wecast Network, Inc.
is subject to United States tax. No provision for income taxes in the United States has been made as Wecast Network, Inc. had no income taxable in the United States since inception. 

Cayman Islands   

CB Cayman was incorporated
in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, it is not subject to income or capital gains tax. In addition,
dividend payments are not subject to withholding tax in the Cayman Islands. 

Hong Kong   

Our subsidiary, YOD Hong Kong,
was incorporated in Hong Kong and under the current laws of Hong Kong, is subject to Profits Tax of 16.5%. No provision for Hong
Kong Profits Tax has been made as YOD Hong Kong has no taxable income. 

The People s Republic of China   

Under the Enterprise Income
Tax Law, our Chinese subsidiaries and VIEs are subject to an earned income tax of 25.0%. 

Our future effective income
tax rate depends on various factors, such as tax legislation, the geographic composition of our pre-tax income and non-tax deductible
expenses incurred. Our management carefully monitors these legal developments to determine if there will be any change in the
statutory income tax rate. 

Consolidated Results of Operations  

Comparison of Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

Table of Contents     

Revenues   

Revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,627,000, as compared to $476,000 for the same period in 2015 with
increase of 242%. The revenue increase in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributed to the
revenue increase from our Cable platform, which comprised 78% of the total revenue for the three months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 in which 38% was generated from our Cable revenue stream. In
addition, our revenue is primarily derived from delivery of our licensed content, which spans across multiple platforms and
distribution networks thereby causing some variability in the timing of our content delivery. 

Cost of revenues   

Cost of revenues was approximately $894,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $900,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our
cost of revenues is primarily comprised of content licensing fees. 

Gross profit   

Our gross profit for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was approximately $733,000 as compared to gross loss of $424,000 during the same period in 2015. Our
gross margin percentage was 45% and -89% for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The increase in gross profit of approximately $1,157,000 was primarily due to the increase of revenue recognized in the
third quarter of this year, which was driven by certain significant minimum guarantee contracts signed and executed from
Cable revenue stream, occurring alongside our current business transformation and expansion. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses   

Our selling, general and administrative
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016, increased approximately $488,000, to $2,320,000, as compared
to $1,832,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Salaries and personnel costs are the primary
components of selling, general and administrative expenses, accounting for 51% and 58% of our selling, general and
administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the third quarter of 2016, salaries
and personnel costs totaled $1,193,000, an increase of approximately $131,000, or 12%, as compared to $1,062,000
for the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily attributed to the recent business transformation and expansion of the
Company, which was demonstrated by establishment of the new technical department and approximately 20% headcount increase via
recruitment during the second and third quarters. 

The other major components of our
selling, general and administrative expenses include marketing and promotion expenses, outsourced technology costs, rent and
severance. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, these costs totaled $1,127,000, a net increase of
approximately $356,000, or 46%, as compared to $771,000 for the same period in 2015. The increase
was primarily attributed to the increase of bad debt expense and business travel by approximately $367,000 and $76,000,
respectively, which was offset by decrease of  marketing promotion expense and outsourcing R D cost by
approximately $115,000 and $45,000 respectively. 

Table of Contents     

Professional fees   

Professional fees are generally related
to public company reporting and governance expenses. Our costs for professional fees increased approximately $185,000, or 131%,
to $326,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $141,000 for the same period in 2015. The increase in professional
fees was related to legal, audit and advisory expenses, among which audit, legal and advisory expenses has increased by approximately
$33,000, $66,000 and $86,000 respectively from the same period in 2015.  

Depreciation and amortization   

Our depreciation and amortization expense
increased by approximately $25,000, or 25%, to $124,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016, from
$99,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was mainly due to amortization of costs related to the
workforce acquired on April 1, 2016. 

Impairment of long-lived assets   

The loss from impairment of long-lived
assets increased by approximately $172,000, or 100%, to $172,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016, from nil during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was caused by impairment made for mobile app development. 

Change in fair value of warrant
liabilities   

Certain of our warrants are recognized
as derivative liabilities and re-measured at the end of every reporting period and upon settlement, with the change in value reported
in the statement of operations. We reported a gain of approximately $58,000 and a gain of approximately $91,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The changes are primarily due to fluctuation in our closing stock price. 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling
interest   

Hua Cheng has a 20% non-controlling interest
in Zhong Hai Media and as such we allocate 20% of the operating loss of Zhong Hai Media to Hua Cheng. During the
three months ended September 30, 2016, approximately $106,000 of our operating loss from Zhong Hai Media
was allocated to Hua Cheng. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, operating loss attributable to non-controlling interest
was approximately $249,000. 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

Table of Contents     

Revenues   

Revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was approximately $4,377,000, as compared to $2,984,000 for the same period in 2015. The increase
in revenue of approximately $1,393,000 was primarily attributable to revenue increase of $1,094,000 from our
Cable platform in the third quarter of 2016, which comprised 78% of the total revenue for the three months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 in which 38% was generated from our Cable revenue stream.
The other revenue increase was contributed by growth of our multi-platform video streaming services from the same period in
2015. 

Cost of revenues   

Cost of revenues was approximately $2,610,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $2,772,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease
of approximately $162,000, or 6%, was primarily due to delay in expected revenue from content titles which impacted
our content license cost amortization pattern. Our cost of revenues is primarily comprised of content licensing fees. 

Gross profit   

Our gross profit for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,767,000, as compared to $212,000 gross profit during the same period in
2015. Our gross profit margin percentage was 40% and 7.1% for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The increase in gross profit of approximately $1,555,000 was primarily due to the increase of revenue in
the third quarter of 2016, which was primarily driven by the execution of certain significant minimum guarantee contracts signed
during the third quarter from Cable revenue stream, occurring alongside the current business transformation and expansion. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses   

Our selling, general and administrative expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, increased approximately $354,000, to $6,294,000, as compared to $5,940,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Salaries and personnel costs are the
primary components of selling, general and administrative expenses, accounting for 48% and 51% of our selling,
general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. For the three
quarters of 2016, salaries and personnel costs totaled $2,997,000, a decrease of approximately $23,000,
or 1%, as compared to $3,020,000 for the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease
of compensation expense by $200,000 respectively, which was offset by the increase of payroll and welfare cost of other
staff. 

The other major components of our selling,
general and administrative expenses include marketing and promoting, technology and severance expense. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, these costs totaled $3,297,000, a net increase of approximately $377,000, or 13%,
as compared to $2,920,000 for the same period in 2015, primarily due to the increase of bad debt expense, severance
payment and business travel expense by approximately $367,000, $298,000 and $109,000 respectively, which was offset by decrease
of outsourcing R D cost and advertising promotion costs by approximately $164,000 and $149,000
respectively. 

Professional fees   

Professional fees are generally related
to public company reporting and governance expenses as well as legal fees related to expansion of our VOD business. Our costs
for professional fees increased approximately $383,000, or 66%, to $964,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from
$581,000 for the same period in 2015. The increase in professional fees was related to legal, audit and advisory expenses,
among which audit, legal and advisory expenses has increased by approximately $153,000, $103,000 and $127,000 respectively from
the same period in 2015. 

Table of Contents     

Depreciation and amortization   

Our depreciation and amortization expense
increased by approximately $62,000, or 22%, to $345,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from
$283,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was mainly due to amortization of costs related to workforce
acquired on April 1, 2016. 

Interest expense, net   

Our interest expense increased by approximately
$136,000 to $225,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $89,000 during the same period in 2015. Interest expense
increase during 2016 was primarily comprised of 1) approximately $123,000 interest expense recorded related to the amortization
of debt issuance costs related to the issuance of the $17.7 million convertible note to SSS, and 2) approximately $24,000 interest
expenses accrued for the convertible note issued to SSS before its conversion on June 27, 2016. 

Change in fair value of warrant
liabilities   

Certain of our warrants are recognized
as derivative liabilities and re-measured at the end of every reporting period and upon settlement, with the change in value reported
in the statement of operations. We reported a gain of approximately $202,000 and a gain of approximately $125,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The changes are primarily due to fluctuation in our closing stock price. 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling
interest   

Hua Cheng has a 20% non-controlling interest
in Zhong Hai Media and as such we allocate 20% of the operating loss of Zhong Hai Media to Hua Cheng. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately $262,000 of our operating loss from Zhong Hai Media was allocated
to Hua Cheng. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, operating loss attributable to non-controlling interest was approximately
$377,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had cash of approximately $2,839,000 and positive working capital of approximately $1,381,000. In addition, we had
accumulated deficits of approximately $92.2 million and $84.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
due to recurring losses since our inception. We entered into an investment agreement, the total of which require aggregate
cash commitments from us of approximately RMB 5.0 million to invest in the Joint-Venture Company to be formed with Megtron
Hong Kong Investment Group Co., Limited per the Joint Venture Agreement signed on May 30, 2016. The first installment of
RMB 1.0 million was paid  on October 10, 2016. These
factors could raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We continue to rely on debt and
equity financing to pay for ongoing operating expenses and execution of our business plan. On March 28, 2016, we completed a
common stock financing for $10.0 million. On July 19, 2016, we completed a stock financing with SSW for $4.0
million. On August 12, 2016, we completed another common stock financing with Harvest Alternative investment
opportunities SPC ( Harvest ) for $4.0 million. We have the ability to raise funds through various methods
by either issuing debt or equity instruments. 

The consolidated financial statements included
in this report have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The following table provides a summary of
our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities. 

Table of Contents     

Operating Activities   

Cash used in operating activities
increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015, primarily caused by decrease in collection from
accounts receivable and increase in payments made for license content fees, accrued expenses and other liabilities, which was
partially offset by decrease in payments for accounts payable and decrease in net loss during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

Investing Activities   

Cash used in investing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 is comprised of 1) acquisition of property and equipment at $3.1 million
and acquisition of leasehold improvements at $0.5 million respectively mainly for an office building; 2) investments in
intangible assets at $2.8 million primarily for the Game IP Rights acquired from SSS; and 3) investment in Frequency at $3.0
million and capital increase of $0.6 million in Topsgame; and 4) Deposit for investment in MYP of $0.65 million. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was from 1) investment proceeds of $10.0 million received from
the sales of 4,545,455 shares of the Company s common stock, issuance of a two-year warrant to acquire an
additional 1,818,182 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $2.75 per share to SSS; 2)
investment proceeds of $4.0 million received from the sales of 2,272,727 shares of the Company s common stock to SSW;
3) investment proceeds of $4 million received from the sales of 2,272,727 shares of the Company s common stock to
Harvest; and 4) approximately $295,000 issuance cost has been paid out. 

Effects of Inflation  

Inflation and changing prices have had
an effect on our business and we expect that inflation or changing prices could materially affect our business in the foreseeable
future. Our management will closely monitor the price change and make efforts to maintain effective cost control in operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor
in our securities. 

Seasonality  

Our operating results and operating cash
flows historically have not been subject to seasonal variations. This pattern may change, however, as a result of new market opportunities
or new product introductions. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions,
estimates, and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments
and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our financial
statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations.
Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about
the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly
sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the
estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting policies
involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Variable Interest Entities   

We account for entities qualifying as
variable interest entities ( VIEs ) in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Boards ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 810,  Consolidation . For our consolidated VIEs, management has
made evaluations of the relationships between our VIEs and the economic benefit flow of contractual arrangement with VIEs. In
connection with such evaluation, management also took into account the fact that, as a result of such contractual arrangements,
we control the legal shareholders  voting interests and have power of attorney in the VIEs, and therefore we are able to
direct all business activities of the VIEs. As a result of such evaluation, management concluded that we are the primary beneficiary
of our consolidated VIEs. 

Table of Contents     

We have consulted our PRC legal counsel
in assessing our ability to control our PRC VIEs. Any changes in PRC laws and regulations that affect our ability to control our
PRC VIEs may preclude us from consolidating these companies in the future. 

Revenue Recognition   

When persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured, we recognize revenue as services are
performed. For certain contracts that involve sub-licensing content within the specified license period, revenue is recognized
in accordance with ASC Subtopic 926-605, Entertainment-Films - Revenue Recognition, whereby revenue is recognized upon delivery
of films when the arrangement includes a nonrefundable minimum guarantee, delivery is complete and we have no substantive future
obligations to provide future additional services. Payments received from customers for the performance of future services are
recognized as deferred revenue, and subsequently recognized as revenue in the period that the service obligations are completed. 

In accordance with ASC 605-25, Revenue
Recognition   Multiple Element Arrangements, contracts with multiple element deliverables are separated into individual
units for accounting purposes when the unit determined to have standalone value to the customer. Since the contract price is for
all deliverables, we allocated the arrangement consideration to all deliverables at the inception of the arrangement based on
their relative selling price. We use (a) vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price, if it exists, or, (b) the management s
best estimate of the selling price for that deliverable to determine the relative selling price of each individual unit. 

The recognition of revenue involves certain
judgments and changes in our assumptions, judgments or estimations may have a material impact on the amount and timing of our
revenue recognition. 

Licensed Content   

We obtain content through content licensing
agreements with studios and distributors. We recognize licensed content when the license fee and the specified content titles
are known or reasonably determinable. Prepaid license fees are classified as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets as licensed
content and accrued license content fees payable are classified as a liability on the consolidated balance sheets. 

We amortize licensed content in cost of
revenues over the contents contractual window of availability based on the expected revenue derived from the licensed content,
beginning with the month of first availability, such that our revenues bear a representative amount of the cost of the licensed
content. We review factors that impact the amortization of licensed content on a regular basis, including factors that may bear
direct impact on expected revenue from specific content titles. We estimate expected revenue by reviewing relevant factors, including
marketing considerations, programming efforts, relationship with our channel partners, expected customer renewals and content
offered by other distributors on the same platform. Changes in our expected revenue from licensed content could have a significant
impact on our amortization pattern. 

Intangible Assets and Goodwill   

We account for intangible assets and goodwill,
in accordance with ASC 350,  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other . ASC 350 requires that goodwill and intangible assets
with indefinite useful lives no longer be amortized, but instead be evaluated for impairment at least annually. ASC 350 also requires
that intangible assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for
impairment whenever events indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. In accordance with ASC 350, goodwill is allocated
to reporting units, which are either the operating segment or one reporting level below the operating segment. On an annual basis,
we review goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances
makes it more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine that it
is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill is further tested for
impairment by comparing the carrying value to the estimated fair value of its reporting units, determined using externally quoted
prices (if available) or a discounted cash flow model and, when deemed necessary, a market approach. 

Application of goodwill impairment tests
requires significant management judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assigning assets, liabilities and goodwill
to reporting units and determination of fair value of each reporting unit. Judgment applied when performing the qualitative analysis
includes consideration of macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance of the reporting unit,
composition, personnel or strategy changes affecting the reporting unit and recoverability of asset groups within a reporting
unit. Judgments applied when performing the quantitative analysis includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate
discount rates and making other assumptions. Changes in these judgments, estimates and assumptions could materially affect the
determination of fair value for each reporting unit. 

Table of Contents     

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB) issued
ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606). This guidance supersedes
current guidance on revenue recognition in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . In addition, there are disclosure requirements
related to the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue recognition. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
to defer the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 for all entities by one year. For public business entities that follow U.S. GAAP,
the deferral results in the new revenue standard are being effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016. Management is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01)  Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . ASU 2016-01 amends various aspects of the recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure for financial instruments. With respect to our consolidated financial statements, the most significant
impact relates to the recognition and measurement for warrant liabilities. Additionally, ASU 2016-01 will impact the disclosure
and presentation of financial assets and liabilities. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods
within those years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption by public entities is permitted only for certain provisions.
Management is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02) which amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and created Topic 842,  Leases .
Under Topic 842, lessees are required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases and provides for
enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue to be classified as either finance or operating. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual
reporting periods, and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities are required to use a modified
retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the
financial statements. Full retrospective application is prohibited and early adoption by public entities is permitted. Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
C ompensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which relates to the
accounting for employee share-based payments. This standard addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
award transactions, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and
(c) classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the impact of this amendment on
our financial position, statement of operations or cash flow. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

We are a smaller reporting company as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 4. Controls
and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information that would be required to be
disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including to our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer , as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange
Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2016, and as of the date that the evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures was completed, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to satisfy the
objectives for which they are intended. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

The Board appointed Ms. Mei Chen as the Company's Chief Financial
Officer effective from April 1, 2016. The Board believes it is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to appoint
Ms. Chen as the Company's principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, serving an essential role in the financial
reporting process of the Company. 

Table of Contents     

On April 11, 2016, the Board accepted
Mr. Arthur Wang's resignation as Audit Committee chair and appointed James Cassano as the new chair. The Board also approved Jin
Shi and Jerry Fan to serve as new members of the Audit Committee. The Board has reviewed the relationship of each Audit Committee
member with the Company in accordance with the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Based on the review, the Board believes that each of
the Audit Committee Member meets the requirements of NASDAQ Rules under the Exchange Act for independence with respect to audit
committees of boards of directors. 

Other than the changes stated above, there
have been no other significant changes in internal control for the three quarters ended September 30, 2016, which have materially
affected or would likely materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to invest resources
in order to upgrade internal controls. 

Table of Contents     

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

There are no material pending legal proceedings
to which we are a party or to which any of our property is subject. To the best of our knowledge, no such actions against us are
contemplated or threatened. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our
2015 Annual Report which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K is not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to
us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future
results. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

There were no unregistered sales
of equity securities during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults
Upon Senior Securities  

There were no defaults upon senior securities
during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

Not applicable. 

Table of Contents     

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit    

No.   
      Description   
 
      31.1    
      Certifications of Principal
    Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*     
 
      31.2    
      Certifications of Principal
    Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*     
 
      32.1    
      Certification of Principal
    Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**   
 
      32.2    
      Certification of Principal
    Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**   
 
      101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH  
      Taxonomy Extension
    Schema Document    
 
      101.CAL  
      Taxonomy Extension
    Calculation Linkbase Document    
 
      101.DEF   
      Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase Document    
 
      101.LAB   
      Taxonomy Extension
    Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE   
      Taxonomy Extension
    Presentation Linkbase Document   

*Filed herewith 

 **Furnished herewith 

Table of Contents     

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized on November 14, 2016. 

We cast Network, Inc     .   

By:   
      /s/
    Mei Chen  

Name: Mei
    Chen  

Title:
    Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal
    Financial Officer and an Authorized Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602477_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Mingcheng Tao, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wecast Network, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Mingcheng Tao   

Mingcheng Tao   

Chief Executive Officer   

( Principal Executive Officer )   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602477_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Mei Chen, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wecast Network, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016   

/s/ Mei
    Chen   

Mei Chen   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

( Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer )   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602477_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned, Mingcheng Tao, Chief Executive
Officer of WECAST NETWORK, INC. (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1.  The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the
 Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operation of the Company.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
executed this statement this 14 th  day of November, 2016. 

/s/ Mingcheng Tao   

Mingcheng Tao   

Chief Executive Officer   

( Principal Executive Officer )   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1602477_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned, Mei Chen, Chief Financial
Officer of WECAST NETWORK, INC. (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1.  The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the
 Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operation of the Company.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
executed this statement this 14 th  day of November, 2016. 

/s/
    Mei Chen   

Mei Chen   

Chief Financial Officer   

( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer )   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by YOU On Demand Holdings, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wcst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wcst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wcst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wcst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wcst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wcst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

