<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1584754_0001615774-16-008261_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2522198</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67652</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>161600</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>529026</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1090262</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>626977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008261.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114161644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008261
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Akoustis Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				331229046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-193467
		FILM NUMBER:		161995005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9805 NORTHCROSS CENTER COURT, SUITE H
		CITY:			HUNTERSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7026054086

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9805 NORTHCROSS CENTER COURT, SUITE H
		CITY:			HUNTERSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28078

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DANLAX, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130820

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008261.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 s104598_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 

or 

For the transition period from
____________ to ____________ 

Commission File Number:  333-193467  

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Nevada   
       33-1229046    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

9805 Northcross Center Court, Suite H  

  Huntersville, North Carolina 28078  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

704-997-5735  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x    No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  
      x   
 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes       No
 x  

As of November 9, 2016, there were 15,836,981 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001
par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page No.  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)    
      1   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2016  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     4  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     5  

ITEM 2.   
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
      14   

ITEM 3.   
        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
      22   

ITEM 4.   
        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
      22   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
      23   

ITEM 2.   
        UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    
      23   

ITEM 3.   
        DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    
      23   

ITEM 4.   
        MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    
      23   

ITEM 5.   
        OTHER INFORMATION    
      23   

ITEM 6.   
        EXHIBITS    
      23   

SIGNATURES   
     24  

EXHIBIT INDEX   
     25  

PART
I -    FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM
                          1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Stockholders' Equity  

  For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016  

  (unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

  (Unaudited ) 

September 30, 2016  

Note 1. Organization  

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. (formerly known
as Danlax, Corp.) ( the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada, U.S. on April 10, 2013. On
May 22, 2015, our wholly owned subsidiary, Akoustis Acquisition Corp., a corporation formed in the State of Delaware on May 15,
2015 ( Acquisition Sub ), merged with and into Akoustis, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Akoustis, Inc. was the surviving
corporation in the merger and became our wholly owned subsidiary. Through its subsidiary, Akoustis, Inc., the Company operates
in the telecommunications and fiber optics sector and is based in Huntersville, North Carolina. The mission of the Company is to
commercialize and manufacture its patent-pending Bulk ONE acoustic wave technology to address the critical frequency-selectivity
requirements in today s mobile smartphones - improving the efficiency and signal quality of mobile wireless devices and enabling
the Internet of Things. 

On August 11, 2016, the Company changed
its fiscal year from the period beginning on April 1 and ending on March 31 to the period beginning on July 1 and ending on June
30 of each year, effective immediately. 

Note 2. Going Concern and Management
Plans  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a working capital of $2,354,435 and
an accumulated deficit of $8,747,758. The Company has not generated any revenues from operations and incurred net losses since
inception. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $3,054,308. The Company estimates the $2.6 million
of cash and cash equivalents currently on hand as of November 9, 2016 is sufficient to fund its operations through March 31, 2017.
In order to fund operations past that date, we will need to raise further capital, through the sale of additional equity securities,
through additional grants, or otherwise, to support our future operations. There is no assurance that the Company s projections
and estimates are accurate. Although the Company is actively managing and controlling the Company s cash outflows to mitigate
these risks, these matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts
or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s primary sources of
operating funds since inception have been private equity, note financings and grants. The Company intends to raise additional capital
through private debt and equity investors. The Company needs to raise additional capital to be able to accomplish its business
plan objectives and is continuing its efforts to secure additional funds through debt or equity instruments and grants. Management
believes that it will be successful in obtaining additional financing based on its history of raising funds; however, no assurance
can be provided that the Company will be able to do so. There is no assurance that any funds it raises will be sufficient to enable
the Company to attain profitable operations or continue as a going concern. To the extent that the Company is unsuccessful, the
Company may need to curtail or cease its operations and implement a plan to extend payables or reduce overhead until sufficient
additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

Note 3. Summary of significant accounting
policies   

Basis of presentation   

The Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( US GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial information furnished herein reflects all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring items, which in the
opinion of management are necessary to fairly state the financial position of the Company and the results of its operations
for the periods presented. The Company assumes that the users of the interim financial information herein have read or have
access to the audited financial statements for the preceding fiscal year and that the adequacy of additional disclosure
needed for a fair presentation may be determined in that context. Accordingly, footnote disclosure, which would substantially
duplicate the disclosure contained in the Company s Transition Report on Form 10-K for the three months and year ended
June 30, 2016 filed on October 31, 2016 (the  2016 Annual Report ). The results of operations for the interim
periods presented are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire fiscal year ending June 30, 2017 or any other
period. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Akoustis, Inc. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Significant Accounting Policies and
Estimates   

The Company s significant accounting
policies are disclosed in Note 3-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the 2016 Annual Report. Since the date of the 2016
Annual Report, there have been no material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies. The preparation of the
condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. These estimates and assumptions include valuing
equity securities and derivative financial instruments issued in financing transactions, deferred taxes and related valuation allowances,
and the fair values of long lived assets. Actual results could differ from the estimates. 

Loss Per Share   

Basic net loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted net loss per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the
period, adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. In periods when losses are reported, which is the case for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 presented in these condensed consolidated financial statements, the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

The Company had the following common stock
equivalents at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Shares outstanding  

Shares outstanding include shares of restricted
stock with respect to which restrictions have not lapsed. Restricted stock included in reportable shares outstanding was 1,834,055
shares and 623,855 shares as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Shares of restricted stock are included in the calculation
of weighted average shares outstanding. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

Note 4. Property and equipment  

Property and equipment consisted of the
following: 

(*) Amortized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. 

The Company recorded depreciation expense
of $12,885 and $4,530 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, research and
development fixed assets totaling $6,505 were not placed in service and therefore not depreciated during the period.  

Note 5. Intangible assets  

The Company s
intangible assets consisted of the following: 

The Company recorded
amortization expense of $1,350 and $1,034 for three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following table outlines estimated
future annual amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter: 

Note 6. Accounts payable and accrued expenses  

Accounts payable and accrued expenses consisted
of the following at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016:  

Note 7. Derivative Liabilities  

Upon closing of private placements on May
22, 2015 and June 9, 2015, the Company issued 298,551 and 26,099 warrants, respectively, to purchase the same number of shares
of common stock with an exercise price of $1.50 and a five-year term to the placement agent. Upon closing of a private placement
in April 2016, the Company issued 153,713 warrants to purchase the same number of shares of common stock with an exercise price
of $1.60 and a five-year term to the placement agent. The Company identified certain put features embedded in the warrants that
potentially could result in a net cash settlement, requiring the Company to classify the warrants as a derivative liability.  

Level 3 Financial Liabilities  
Derivative warrant liabilities   

Financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September
30, 2016: 

Financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016: 

The table below provides a summary of the
changes in fair value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on
a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

The fair value of the derivative feature
of the warrants on the issuance dates and at the balance sheet date were calculated using a binomial option model valued with the
following weighted average assumptions:  

Risk-free interest rate: The Company uses
the risk-free interest rate of a U.S. Treasury Note with a similar term on the date of the grant. 

Dividend yield: The Company uses a 0% expected
dividend yield as the Company has not paid dividends to date and does not anticipate declaring dividends in the near future. 

Volatility: The Company calculates the
expected volatility of the stock price based on the corresponding volatility of the Company s peer group stock price for
a period consistent with the warrants  expected term. 

Remaining term: The Company s remaining
term is based on the remaining contractual maturity of the warrants. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company marked the derivative feature of the warrants to fair value and recorded a loss of $157,216 and
a gain of $14,015, respectively, relating to the change in fair value. 

Note 8. Stockholders  Equity  

The Company recorded stock based compensation
expense for the shares issued to consultants that have vested, which is a component of general and administrative expenses in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
the Company had 15,828,981 and 15,375,981 common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Stock incentive plan   

The following is a summary of the option
activity: 

As of September 30, 2016, the total intrinsic
value of options outstanding and exercisable was $444,800 and $111,200, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
$73,692 in  unrecognized stock-based compensation expense attributable to the outstanding
options which will be amortized over a period of 2.64 years.  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $7,040 and $7,040, respectively, in stock-based compensation related to stock options, which
is reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Issuance of restricted shares  
employees and consultants   

Restricted stock awards are considered
outstanding at the time of execution by the Company and the recipient of a restricted stock agreement, as the stock award holders
are entitled to dividend and voting rights. As of September 30, 2016, the number of shares granted for which the restrictions have
not lapsed was 1,307,836 shares. 

The Company recognizes the compensation
expense for all share-based compensation granted based on the grant date fair value. The grant date fair value of the award is
recorded as share based compensation expense over the respective restriction period. Any portion of the grant awarded to
consultants as to which the repurchase option has not lapsed is accrued on the Balance Sheet as a component of accounts payable
and accrued expenses. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the accrued stock-based compensation was $183,513 and $179,079,
respectively. The Company has the right to repurchase some or all of such shares upon termination of the individual s service
with the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, for 60 months from the date of termination ( repurchase option ).
The shares as to which the repurchase option has not lapsed are subject to forfeiture upon termination of consulting and employment
agreements. 

In September 2015, the Company amended
the original restricted stock agreement for certain award recipients. According to the amendment, 75% of the shares as to which
the repurchase option had not lapsed as of September 30, 2015 shall be released from the repurchase option on the third anniversary
of the original effective date of the agreement. The remaining 25% of the shares shall be released from the repurchase option on
the fourth anniversary of the original effective date.  

The following is a summary of restricted shares: 

In relation to the above restricted stock
agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded stock based compensation expense
for the shares that have vested of $697,180 and $58,685, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
$3,553,091 in unrecognized stock based compensation expense related to the unvested shares.  

Note 9. Commitments  

Operating leases   

The Company leases office space in Huntersville,
NC pursuant to a three year lease agreement. The operating lease provide for annual real estate tax and cost of living increases
and contain predetermined increases in the rentals payable during the term of the lease. The aggregate rent expense is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The total lease rental expense was $14,202 and $13,788 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Total future minimum payments required
under the new operating lease are as follows. 

Note 10. Related Party Transactions  

Consulting Services  

AEG Consulting, a firm owned by one of
our Co-Chairmen, received $4,050 and $750 for consulting fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

ITEM
                          2.     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  

References in this report to  Akoustis, 
 we,   us,   our   the Company  and  our Company  refer to Akoustis
Technologies, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, Akoustis, Inc. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements that relate to our plans, objectives, estimates, and goals. Any and all statements contained in this
report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Terms such as  may, 
 might,   would,   should,   could,   project,   estimate, 
 predict,   potential,   strategy,   anticipate,   attempt,   develop, 
 plan,   help,   believe,   continue,   intend,   expect, 
 future,  and terms of similar import (including the negative of any of the foregoing) may be intended to identify
forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for
future operations, including plans or objectives relating to the development of commercially viable radio frequency filters, (ii)
a projection of income (including income/loss), earnings (including earnings/loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends,
capital structure or other financial items, (iii) our future financial performance, including any such statement contained in this
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition or in the results of operations included pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC, and (iv) the assumptions underlying or relating to any statement descripted in (i), (ii), or (iii)
above. 

Forward-looking
statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be realized because
they are based upon our current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions and are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results and the timing
of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of
these risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or
cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, 

our inability to obtain adequate financing,   

our limited operating history,   

our inability to generate revenues or achieve profitability,   

our inability to achieve acceptance of our products in the market,   

upturns and downturns in the industry,   

our limited number of patents,   

failure to obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights,   

our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel,   

our substantial reliance on third parties to manufacture products,   

existing or increased competition,   

failure to innovate or adapt to new or emerging technologies,   

results of arbitration and litigation,   

stock volatility and illiquidity, and   

our failure to implement our business plans or strategies.   

These and other risks and uncertainties,
which are described in more detail in our Transition Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
on October 31, 2016, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements in this report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because of the risks
and uncertainties related to them. Except as may be required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking
statements contained in this report to reflect any new information or future events or circumstances or otherwise. 

Overview  

Akoustis is an early-stage company that
designs and manufactures innovative radio frequency (RF) filters enabling the RF front-end (RFFE) of Mobile Wireless devices, such
as smartphones and tablets. Located between the device s antenna and its digital backend, the RFFE is the circuitry that
performs the analog signal processing and contains components such as amplifiers, filters and switches. To construct the resonators
that are the building blocks for the RF filter, we have developed a fundamentally new single-crystal acoustic materials and device
technology that we refer to as BulkONE. Filters are critical in selecting and rejecting signals, and their performance enables
differentiation in the modules defining the RFFE. 

We believe owning the core resonator technology
and manufacturing our designs is the most direct and effective means of delivering our solutions to the market. Furthermore, our
technology is based upon bulk-mode resonance, which is superior to surface-mode resonance for high band applications and emerging
4G/LTE and WiFi frequency bands. While our target customers utilize or make the RFFE module, several customers lack access to critical
high band technology to compete in high band applications and other traditional surface-mode solutions where higher power performance
is required. We intend to design and manufacture our RF filter products to multiple mobile phone OEM customers and enable broader
competition among the front-end module manufacturers. We plan to operate as a  pure-play  RF filter supplier and align
with the front-end module manufacturers who seek to acquire high performance filters to grow their module business. 

We have built prototype resonators using
our proprietary single-crystal materials. We are currently optimizing our BulkONE technology with our wafer-manufacturing partner
under a joint development agreement (JDA) and a manufacturing agreement. We leverage both federal and state level, non-dilutive
research and development ( R D ) grants to support development and commercialization of our technology. We are
developing resonators for 4G/LTE and WiFi bands and the associated proprietary models and design kits required to design our RF
filters. Once we have stabilized the wafer process technology, we plan to engage with strategic customers to evaluate first our
resonators and then our filter prototypes. Our initial designs will target high band 4G/LTE and WiFi frequency bands. Since Akoustis
owns its core technology and controls access to its IP, we can offer several ways to engage with potential customers. First, we
can engage with the mobile wireless market, providing filters that we design and offer as a standard catalog component to multiple
customers. Second, we can start with a customer-supplied filter specification, which we design and fabricate for a specific customer.
Finally, we can offer our models and design kits for our customers to design their own filter into our proprietary technology. 

We have earned no revenue from operations
since inception, and our operations have been funded with capital contributions, grants and debt. We have incurred losses totaling
approximately $8.7 million from inception through September 30, 2016. These losses are primarily the result of material and material
processing costs associated with developing and commercializing our technology as well as personnel costs, including stock based
compensation, professional fees, primarily accounting and legal, cost of D O insurance and losses due to the change in the
fair value of derivatives. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs for commercialization of our technology on a continuous
basis because our business model involves materials and solid state device technology development as well as engineering of catalog
and custom filter designs. 

Plan of Operation  

We plan to commercialize our technology
by designing and manufacturing single band and multi-band BAW filter solutions that address problems (such as loss, bandwidth,
power handling and isolation) created by the growing number of frequency bands in the RFFE of mobile devices to support 4G/LTE
and WiFi. First, we plan to prototype, by the end of 2016, our first series of single-band low-loss BAW filter designs for 4G/LTE
frequency bands, which are dominated by higher loss BAW solutions and cannot be addressed with low band, lower power handling SAW
technology. Second, we plan to develop, by early 2017, a series of filter solutions that can cover multiple frequency bands. In
order to succeed, we must convince mobile phone OEMs and RFFE module manufactures to use our BulkONE technology in their modules.
However, since there are only two dominant BAW filter suppliers in the industry that have high band technology, and both utilize
such technology as a competitive advantage at the module level, we expect customers that lack access to high band filter technology
will be open to engage with our pure-play filter company. 

We have successfully transferred our
BulkONE wafer process to our manufacturing partner, Global Communications Semiconductor. The BulkONE process uses a range of
single-crystal group III-nitride piezoelectric materials, which were fabricated into BAW resonators and characterized at
cellular communication frequencies to determine their bandwidth. On May 23, 2016, we announced an experimental, 3.4 GHz BAW
two-port series-configured resonator device with a high K-squared of 12.5%, which was modeled near resonance frequency and
was constructed from single crystal undoped aluminum nitride (AlN) material. On November 1, 2016, we announced improvements
to our single-crystal BAW resonator design and process technology to achieve a quality factor (Q) of 2914, which is suitable
for BAW RF filters targeting 4G/LTE, WIFI and emerging 5G and other wireless applications. These resonators, which are the
core building blocks enabling BAW RF filters, were fabricated using our patented BulkONE process. Our technology development
efforts continue to focus on wafer and process optimization, specifically, through targeted activities for Q-factor
improvements. 

Once we complete customer validation of
our technology, we expect to complete qualification of our BulkONE process technology in the first half of 2017 to support a product
family of 4G/LTE filter solutions. Once we have stabilized our process technology in a manufacturing environment, we will complete
a production release of our high-band filter products in the frequency range from 1.5GHz to 4.0GHz. The target frequency bands
will be prioritized based upon customer priority. We expect this will require recruiting and hiring additional personnel. 

In August 2016, we signed multiple non-exclusive
collaborative business agreements with a Chinese tier one RFFE module manufacturer to supply its premium RF filter products, as
well an agreement with a distributor who will be responsible for global promotion and selling of our filter products. We will continue
discussions with additional prospective customers, although these discussions may not result in any agreements. We expect to proceed
with our plan to develop a family of standard catalog filter designs regardless of the outcome of these discussions. 

We plan to pursue filter design and R D
development agreements and potentially joint ventures with target customers and other strategic partners. These types of arrangements
may subsidize technology development costs and qualification, filter design costs, as well as offer complementary technology and
market intelligence and other avenues to revenue. However, we intend to retain ownership of our core technology, IP, designs and
related improvements. We expect to pursue development of catalog designs for multiple customers, and offer such catalog products
in multiple sales channels. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$3.1 million of cash and cash equivalents to fund our business and product development, to commercialize our technology, research
and development, the development of our patent strategy and expansion of our patent portfolio, as well as for working capital and
other general corporate purposes. These funds are expected to be sufficient to fund our activities through March 31, 2017. Our
anticipated expenses include employee salaries and benefits, compensation paid to consultants, capital costs for research and other
equipment, costs associated with development activities including travel and administration, legal expenses, sales and marketing
costs, general and administrative expenses, and other costs associated with an early stage, public technology company. We anticipate
increasing the number of employees to approximately 20 to 25 employees; however, this is highly dependent on the nature of our
development efforts and our success in commercialization. We anticipate adding employees for research and development, as well
as general and administrative functions, to support our efforts. We expect to incur consulting expenses related to technology development
and other efforts as well as legal and related expenses to protect our intellectual property. We expect capital expenditures from
cash currently available to be approximately $400,000 for the purchase of equipment and software during the next 12 months and
are currently investigating the feasibility of using equipment leases or government grants to fund the purchase of the equipment.
The amounts we actually spend for any specific purpose may vary significantly and will depend on a number of factors including,
but not limited to, the pace of progress of our commercialization and development efforts, actual needs with respect to product
testing, development and research, market conditions, and changes in or revisions to our marketing strategies. We have significant
discretion in the use of our cash assets. 

Commercial development of new technology
is, by its nature, unpredictable. Although we will undertake development efforts with commercially reasonable diligence, there
can be no assurance that our current cash position will be sufficient to enable us to commercialize our technology to the extent
needed to create future sales to sustain operations as contemplated herein. If our current cash is insufficient for these purposes,
or the Company does not receive research grants or such grant payments are delayed, or the Company experiences costs in excess
of estimates to continue its research and development plan, it is possible that the Company would not have sufficient resources
to continue as a going concern for the next year, and we will consider other options to continue our path to commercialization,
including, but not limited to, additional financing through follow-on stock offerings, debt financing, co-development agreements,
curtailment of operations, suspension of operations, sale or licensing of developed intellectual or other property, or other alternatives. 

If we are unable to raise the funds that
we believe are needed to develop our technology and enable future sales, we may be required to scale back our development plans
by reducing expenditures for employees, consultants, business development and marketing efforts, and other projected expenditures.
This could reduce our ability to commercialize our technology or require us to seek further funding on less favorable terms than
if we had raised the full amount of any required funds. 

We cannot guarantee that our technology
will be accepted, that we will ever earn revenues sufficient to support our operations or that we will ever be profitable. Furthermore,
since we have no committed source of financing, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to raise money as and when we need it
to continue our operations. If we cannot raise funds as and when we need them, we may be required to severely curtail, or even
to cease, our operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The following discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). Certain accounting policies
and estimates are particularly important to the understanding of our financial position and results of operations and require the
application of significant judgment by our management or can be materially affected by changes from period to period in economic
factors or conditions that are outside of our control. As a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying
these policies, our management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain
estimates. Those estimates are based on our historical operations, our future business plans and projected financial results, the
terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available
from other outside sources, as appropriate.  

Derivative Liability   

The Company evaluates its convertible debt,
options, warrants and other contracts, if any, to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify
as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market
each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. The change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated
statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument, the instrument
is marked to fair value at the date of conversion, exercise or cancellation and then the related fair value is reclassified to
equity. 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the
convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single,
compound derivative instrument. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to
liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

The Company adopted Section 815-40-15 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 815-40-15 )   to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded
feature) is indexed to the Company s own stock.  Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step
approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including
evaluating the instrument s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. 

The Company utilizes a binomial option
pricing model to compute the fair value of the derivative and to mark to market the fair value of the derivative at each balance
sheet date. The Company records the change in the fair value of the derivative as other income or expense in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents,
accounts payable, accrued expenses, and convertible notes payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these
instruments. 

The Company measures the fair value of
financial assets and liabilities based on the guidance of ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  which
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.  

ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes
a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. 

Fair value measurements are categorized
using a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs used to measure fair value, which prioritize the inputs into three broad
levels: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices are available in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for
the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

Level 2 - Pricing inputs are other than
quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date,
and include those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. 

Level 3 - Pricing inputs include significant
inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies
that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

Equity-based compensation   

The Company recognizes compensation expense
for all equity based payments in accordance with ASC 718   Compensation   Stock Compensation  . Under
fair value recognition provisions, the Company recognizes equity based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and
recognizes compensation cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award. 

Restricted stock awards are granted at
the discretion of the Company. These awards are restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally vest over the requisite
service periods, typically over a five-year period (vesting on a straight line basis). The fair value of a stock award is
equal to the fair market value of a share of Company stock on the grant date. 

The fair value of an option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option valuation model. The Black Scholes option valuation model requires
the development of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the value of the underlying share, the expected
stock volatility, the risk free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying stock
and the expected forfeiture rate. Expected volatility is benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry over the expected
option life and other appropriate factors. Risk free interest rates are calculated based on continuously compounded risk free
rates for the appropriate term. The dividend yield is assumed to be zero as the Company has never paid or declared any cash dividends
on its common stock and does not intend to pay dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. The expected forfeiture
rate is estimated based on management s best estimate. 

Determining the appropriate fair value
model and calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards requires the input of the subjective assumptions described
above. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards represent management s best
estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change
and the Company uses different assumptions, our equity based compensation could be materially different in the future. In
addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and recognize expense only for those shares expected
to vest. If the Company s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, the equity based compensation
could be significantly different from what the Company has recorded in the current period.  

The Company accounts for share based
payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505-40,   Equity Based Payments to Non Employees  .
The Company determines the fair value of the stock based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the
counterparty s performance is complete. The fair value of the equity instruments is re-measured each reporting period over
the requisite service period. 

Results of Operations  

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenue  

The Company did not have any revenues from
operations during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Expenses  

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and Development expenses were
$652,576 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $330,856, or 102.8%, over $321,720 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily associated with salaries and benefits, which increased by $87,945, or 51.7%,
due to the addition of headcount. In addition, stock-based compensation increased by $196,255 (compared to $0 in the 2015 period),
due to the grant of restricted stock awards to employees and contractors. In addition, we recorded an increase in material spend
of $24,838, or 23.4%, due to higher purchases of R D raw materials and an increase in spend of $26,766 (compared to $0 in the
2015 period) for costs associated with the extension of a license agreement. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and Administrative expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,263,243, as compared to $761,323 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $501,920, or 65.9%. The increase occurred mainly in stock-based compensation, which increased by $442,240, or 672.9%,
over the $65,725 recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was driven by new restricted stock awards
granted to employees and consultants during the three months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded professional fees, mainly accounting
and legal, of $266,572, as compared to $205,334 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $61,238, or 29.8%. 

Other Income and Expense   

Other Income and Expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was comprised mainly of a loss for the change in fair value of derivatives of $157,216, which was
$171,231 higher compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The loss was due to the change in the valuation price of
$1.50 used as of September 30, 2015 to the closing price per common share on September 30, 2016 of $4.28. 

Net Loss   

Net Loss was $2,072,945 for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, compared to a net loss of $1,068,532 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The quarter over
quarter increase in loss of $1,004,413, or 94.0%, was mainly driven by higher stock-based compensation expense for both R D
and G A of $196,255 and $442,240, respectively, the higher loss recorded for the change in fair value of derivatives of $171,271,
a higher R D material spend of $24,848, higher R D license fees of $26,766 and higher professional fees of $61,238. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have earned no revenue from operations
since inception, and our operations have been funded with initial capital contributions, sales of our equity securities, debt financing
and research and development grants. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had current
assets of $3,191,551, primarily made up of cash of $3,054,308. Current liabilities, made up of accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
were $837,116. Working capital as of the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $2,354,435. As compared to June 30, 2016, current
assets at September 30, 2016 decreased by $1,062,255, mainly due to the decrease of cash on hand, whereas current liabilities increased
by $293,470 due to higher liabilities associated with trade payables and month-end accruals (higher by $116,470) and payroll, including
the accrual for the restricted stock awards granted in August 2016 (higher by $172,566). 

In February 2016, we were notified that we had been awarded
a $738,000 National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Small Business Innovative Research Phase II grant, a
two-year program. We expect to apply for additional research and development grants that support technology innovation in
line with our business plan. We believe that we have additional opportunities for new grants and matching funds from our
current small business program partnership with NSF, including a Phase IIb award, which has a potential $500,000 award. We
expect to receive notification of the Phase IIb award in the second quarter of 2017. There can be no assurance, however, that
these grants will be received. 

We expect our existing funds will be
sufficient to fund our operations through March 31, 2017. As a result, we will need to raise additional capital through the
sale of additional equity securities, debt and additional grants, or otherwise, to fund operations past that date. There is
no assurance that the Company s projections and estimates are accurate or that the Company will be able to raise
the required additional capital on terms favorable to the Company or at all. Although the Company is actively managing and
controlling the Company s cash outflows, these matters raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Cash Flow Analysis   

Operating activities used cash of $1,067,119,
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $796,245 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The net loss
of $2,072,945 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, offset by non-cash items of stock based compensation of $704,220, change
in the fair value of derivatives of $157,216, and an increase in trade payables and accrued expenses of $289,036, comprised the
cash used in operating activities for the quarter. 

Investing activities used cash of $34,017
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to purchases of machinery and equipment of $20,293 and cash paid for patents
of $13,724. Investing activities used cash of $118,830 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to purchases of machinery
and equipment of $103,957 and cash paid for patents and trademarks of $14,873. 

There were no cash flows from financing
activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions  

The Company did not engage in any  off-balance
sheet arrangements  (as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) as of September 30, 2016. 

ITEM
3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We conducted an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer) of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September
30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such
date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II -    OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM
1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS .   

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations and prospects. 

We are currently not aware of any material
pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such
proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.  

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS .   

On August 11, 2016, we granted 283,000
shares of our common stock to certain of our directors, officers, employees, and third-party consultants pursuant to our 2015 Equity
Incentive Plan. These grants were made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and/or in reliance on a  no sale  theory because the grants
were not made pursuant to a public offering, were made only to directors, officers, employees, and third-party contractors with
access to information about the Company, and were made to the recipients thereof as bonuses in exchange for no consideration. 

On August 1, 2016, we issued 20,000 shares
of our common stock to Integra Consulting Group, LLC ( Integra ) in partial consideration for consulting services provided
by Integra to the Company. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act because the shares were not issued pursuant to a public offering and were only issued after Integra had an
opportunity to ask questions of our officers and after Integra made certain representations and warranties to the Company. 

Other than as set forth above, there have
been no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report that were not registered under the Securities
Act. 

ITEM
3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM
4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES .   

Not applicable. 

ITEM
5.    OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

ITEM
6.    EXHIBITS  .  

The exhibits listed in the accompanying
exhibit index are filed or furnished, as applicable, as part of this report. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
       Akoustis Technologies, Inc.     

By:    
      /s/ Cindy C. Payne   

Cindy C. Payne   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104598_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification
Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(   a ) or 15d-14( a )   

   of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

I, Jeffrey B. Shealy, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Akoustis Technologies, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
                                                          recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
                                                          the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       /s/Jeffrey B. Shealy    

Jeffrey B. Shealy   

President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104598_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification
Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(   a ) or 15d-14( a )   

   of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

I, Cindy C. Payne, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Akoustis Technologies, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       /s/Cindy C. Payne    

Cindy C. Payne   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104598_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Akoustis Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeffrey B. Shealy, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that; 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Jeffrey B. Shealy   

Name:  
      Jeffrey B. Shealy  

Title:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer  
 (principal executive officer)  

Date:  
      November 14, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104598_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Akoustis Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Cindy C. Payne, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that; 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Cindy C. Payne   

Name:  
      Cindy C. Payne  

Title:  
     
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (principal financial officer and principal
        accounting officer)  

Date:  
      November 14, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 akts-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 akts-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 akts-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 akts-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 akts-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 akts-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

