<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_857855_0001571049-16-019529_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14844308</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168946</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>622379</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4113272</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6893864</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2644472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019529.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104165834
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019529
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000857855
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				581807304
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35095
		FILM NUMBER:		161975829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 398, 59 HIGHWAY 515
		CITY:			BLAIRSVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5818073041

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 398
		STREET 2:		HIGHWAY 515
		CITY:			BLAIRSVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNION BANCSHARES INC /GA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019529.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 t1600695_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x        QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Transition Period from ___________
to ___________  

Commission file number 001-35095  

UNITED
    COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

YES  x 
NO      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

YES  x 
NO      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer  x    
       Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
       Smaller Reporting Company        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  

YES    
NO  x   

Common stock, par value $1 per share
 70,863,730 shares outstanding as of October 31, 2016.  

INDEX  

PART I - Financial Information    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements.   

Consolidated Statement of Income (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
       
      3   

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
       
      4   

Consolidated Balance Sheet (unaudited) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
       
      5   

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
       
      6   

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
       
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
       
      8   

Item 2.    
        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    
       
      40   

Item 3.    
        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    
       
      62   

Item 4.     
        Controls and Procedures.    
       
      62   

PART II - Other Information    

Item 1.      
        Legal Proceedings.    
       
      63   
 
        Item 1A.    
        Risk Factors.    
       
      63   
 
        Item 2.    
        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    
       
      63   
 
        Item 3.    
        Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    
       
      63   
 
        Item 4.     
        Mine Safety Disclosures.    
       
      63   
 
        Item 5.     
        Other Information.    
       
      63   
 
        Item 6.    
        Exhibits.    
       
      64   

2   

Part I   Financial Information  

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.    
 
       Consolidated Statement of Income   (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.    
 
       Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

4   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.    
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheet   (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

5   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.    
 
       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity (Unaudited)    
 
       For the Nine Months Ended September 30,    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

6   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.    
 
       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

7   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 1   Accounting Policies  

The accounting and financial reporting
policies of United Community Banks, Inc. ( United ) and its subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and reporting guidelines of banking regulatory authorities and regulators. The
accompanying interim consolidated financial statements have not been audited. All material intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated. A more detailed description of United s accounting policies is included in its Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In management s opinion, all accounting
adjustments necessary to accurately reflect the financial position and results of operations on the accompanying financial statements
have been made. These adjustments are normal and recurring accruals considered necessary for a fair and accurate statement. The
results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or any other interim periods. 

Certain 2015 amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

Note 2  Accounting Standards Updates
and Recently Adopted Standards  

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . To simplify presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this update require
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability consistent with debt discounts.  The standard was effective January 1, 2016 and has
been retrospectively reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, with a corresponding reclassification for December
31, 2015 between other assets for $9.68 million, brokered deposits for $7.90 million and long-term debt for $1.78 million. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . This update requires a lessee to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability
to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the
lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election not to recognize
lease assets and lease liabilities. For public entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, with modified retrospective application to prior periods presented. Upon adoption, United will gross up its balance sheet
by the present value of future minimum lease payments. Such payments amounted to $23.5 million at December 31, 2015. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships .
This update clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument
under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting
criteria continue to be met. For public entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
with application on either a prospective or modified retrospective basis. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a
material impact on United s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments . This update clarifies
the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments
are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. An entity performing the assessment under this update is required to assess
the embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with a four-step decision sequence as outlined in the guidance. Consequently,
when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability
to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. For public entities, this update is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with application on a modified retrospective basis. The adoption of this update
is not expected to have a material impact on United s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-07,  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of
Accounting . This update eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result
of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations,
and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods
that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting
as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method
of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. For public entities, this update is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2016, with application on a prospective basis. The adoption of this update is not expected to
have a material impact on United s consolidated financial statements. 

8   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This
update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments require
that excess tax benefits and deficiencies be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement and as an operating
activity in the statement of cash flows. In addition, an entity can make a policy election to either estimate the number of awards
that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. The guidance modifies the threshold to qualify for equity classification
to permit withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rate and clarifies that cash paid by an employer when directly withholding
shares for tax-withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity. For public entities, this update is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on United s
consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The new
guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with an expected credit loss methodology and requires
consideration of a broader range of information to determine credit loss estimates. Financial assets measured at amortized cost
will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected by using an allowance for credit losses. Purchased credit impaired
loans will receive an allowance account at the acquisition date that represents a component of the purchase price allocation. Credit
losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for credit losses, with such allowance
limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. Application of this update will primarily be on a modified retrospective
approach, although the guidance for debt securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized before the
effective date and for loans previously covered by ASC 310-30,  Receivables   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated
Credit Quality  will be applied on a prospective basis. For public entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019. United is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This update provides
guidance on the treatment of eight specific cash flow issues for which there was diversity in practice. For example, cash payments
for debt prepayment should be classified as cash outflows for financing activities. Cash payments for contingent consideration
after a business combination if made soon after the acquisition date should be classified as investing outflows, while similar
payments not made soon after the acquisition date should be classified as financing outflows (up to the amount of the contingent
consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date, including measurement period adjustments) or operating activities (for
any excess). Cash proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims should be classified on the basis of the related insurance coverage,
while proceeds from the settlement of bank owned life insurance should be classified as investing inflows. For public entities,
this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this update is not expected to have
a material impact on United s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3   Acquisitions  

Acquisition of Tidelands Bancshares, Inc.   

On July 1, 2016, United completed the acquisition
of Tidelands Bancshares, Inc. ( Tidelands ) and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary Tidelands Bank. Tidelands operated
seven branches in coastal South Carolina. In connection with the acquisition, United acquired $440 million of assets and assumed
$440 million of liabilities. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Tidelands shareholders received cash equal to $0.52 per common
share, or an aggregate of $2.22 million. Additionally, at closing, United redeemed all of Tidelands  fixed-rate cumulative
preferred stock that was issued to the United States Department of the Treasury (the  Treasury ) under the Treasury s
Capital Purchase Program, plus unpaid dividends, for $8.98 million in aggregate. The fair value of consideration paid exceeded
the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired and resulted in the establishment of goodwill in the amount
of $10.7 million, representing the intangible value of Tidelands  business and reputation within the market it served. None
of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. United will amortize the related core deposit
intangible of $1.57 million using the sum-of-the-years-digits method over five years, which represents the expected useful life
of the asset. 

As of the acquisition date, United assumed
long-term debt obligations with an aggregate balance of $14.4 million and an aggregate fair value of $10.8 million related to Tidelands 
outstanding trust preferred securities and paid all amounts required to bring current the payment of interest (including deferred
interest) on such trust preferred securities. The $8.25 million of debt related to Tidelands Statutory Trust I has a stated maturity
date of March 30, 2036 and a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.38%, which resets quarterly. The $6.19 million of debt related to Tidelands
Statutory Trust II has a stated maturity date of June 30, 2038 and a rate equal to LIBOR plus 5.075%, which resets quarterly. 

United s operating results for the
period ended September 30, 2016 include the operating results of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities for the period
subsequent to the acquisition date of July 1, 2016. 

9   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The purchased
assets and assumed liabilities were recorded at their acquisition date fair values and are summarized in the table below  (in
thousands) .   

(1)  Fair values are preliminary and are subject to
refinement for a period not to exceed one year after the closing date of an acquisition as information relative to closing date
fair values becomes available. 

The following table presents additional
information related to the acquired loan portfolio at the acquisition date  (in thousands) : 

10   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Acquisition of Palmetto Bancshares,
Inc.   

On September 1, 2015, United completed
the acquisition of Palmetto Bancshares, Inc. ( Palmetto ) and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary The Palmetto Bank. Information
related to the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired from Palmetto is included in United s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. During second quarter 2016, within the one year measurement period, United received
additional information regarding the acquisition date fair values of premises and equipment and other real estate owned ( OREO ).
As a result the provisional values assigned to the acquired premises and equipment and OREO have been adjusted to $17.0 million
and $2.63 million, respectively, which represent a decrease of $640,000 and $497,000, respectively, from amounts previously disclosed.
The tax effect of these adjustments was reflected as an increase to the deferred tax asset of $437,000, with the net amount of
$700,000 reflected as an increase to goodwill. 

Acquisition of MoneyTree Corporation   

On May 1, 2015, United completed the acquisition
of MoneyTree Corporation ( MoneyTree ) and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, First National Bank. Information related
to the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired from MoneyTree is included in United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Pro forma information  

The following table discloses the impact
of the mergers with Tidelands, Palmetto and MoneyTree since their respective acquisition dates through September 30 of the year of
acquisition. The table also presents certain pro forma information as if Tidelands had been acquired on January 1, 2015 and Palmetto
and MoneyTree had been acquired on January 1, 2014. These results combine the historical results of the acquired entities with
United s consolidated statement of income and, while adjustments were made for the estimated impact of certain fair value
adjustments and other acquisition-related activity, they are not necessarily indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisition
taken place in earlier years. 

The following table presents the actual results and pro forma
information for the periods indicated  (in thousands) . Merger-related costs of $2.93 million from the Tidelands acquisition
have been excluded from the 2016 pro forma information presented below and included in the 2015 pro forma information below. Merger-related
costs of $8.92 million from the Palmetto and MoneyTree acquisitions have been excluded from the 2015 pro forma information presented
below. 

11   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 4   Balance Sheet Offsetting and Repurchase Agreements
Accounted for as Secured Borrowings  

United enters into reverse repurchase agreements
in order to invest short-term funds. In addition, United enters into repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements with
the same counterparty in transactions commonly referred to as collateral swaps that are subject to master netting agreements under
which the balances are netted in the balance sheet in accordance with ASC 210-20,  Offsetting.  

The following table presents a summary
of amounts outstanding under reverse repurchase agreements and derivative financial instruments including those entered into in
connection with the same counterparty under master netting agreements as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

At September 30, 2016, United recognized
the right to reclaim cash collateral of $32.3 million and the obligation to return cash collateral of $3.31 million. At December
31, 2015, United recognized the right to reclaim cash collateral of $6.26 million and the obligation to return cash collateral
of $3.73 million. The right to reclaim cash collateral and the obligation to return cash collateral were included in the consolidated
balance sheet in other assets and other liabilities, respectively. 

12   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table presents additional detail regarding repurchase
agreements accounted for as secured borrowings and the securities underlying these agreements as of the dates indicated  (in
thousands) . 

United is obligated to promptly transfer
additional securities if the market value of the securities falls below the repurchase agreement price.  United manages
this risk by maintaining an unpledged securities portfolio that it believes is sufficient to cover a decline in the market value
of the securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

Note 5   Securities  

The amortized cost basis, unrealized gains
and losses and fair value of securities held-to-maturity as of the dates indicated are as follows  (in thousands) . 

13   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The cost basis, unrealized gains and losses, and fair value
of securities available-for-sale as of the dates indicated are presented below  (in thousands) . 

(1)   All are residential type mortgage-backed securities or U.S. government agency commercial mortgage backed securities.   

Securities with a carrying value of $1.34
billion and $1.63 billion were pledged to secure public deposits, derivatives and other secured borrowings at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table summarizes held-to-maturity
securities in an unrealized loss position as of the dates indicated ( in thousands) . 

14   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table summarizes available-for-sale securities
in an unrealized loss position as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

At September 30, 2016, there were 53 available-for-sale
securities and seven held-to-maturity securities that were in an unrealized loss position. United does not intend to sell nor believes
it will be required to sell securities in an unrealized loss position prior to the recovery of their amortized cost basis. Unrealized
losses at September 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and spread relationships. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is
given to the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the issuer, among other factors. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether
the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred,
and industry analysts  reports. No impairment charges were recognized during the three or nine months ended September 30,
2016 or 2015. 

Realized gains and losses are derived using
the specific identification method for determining the cost of securities sold. The following table summarizes available-for-sale
securities sales activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (in thousands) . 

15   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The amortized cost and fair value of held-to-maturity
and available-for-sale securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are presented in the following table  (in thousands) . 

Expected maturities may differ from contractual
maturities because issuers and borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 

16   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 6   Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses  

Major classifications of loans are summarized
as of the dates indicated as follows  (in thousands) . 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, loans totaling $3.05 billion and $2.44 billion, respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure Federal Home Loan Bank
advances and other contingent funding sources. 

At September 30, 2016, the carrying value
and outstanding balance of purchased credit impaired ( PCI ) loans accounted for under ASC 310-30,  Loans and Debt
Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality , were $67.5 million and $95.3 million, respectively. At December 31, 2015,
the carrying value and outstanding balance of PCI loans were $51.3 million and $71.0 million, respectively. The following table
presents changes in the value of the accretable yield for PCI loans for the periods indicated  (in thousands) : 

In addition to the accretable yield on
PCI loans, the fair value adjustments on purchased loans outside the scope of ASC 310-30 are also accreted to interest revenue
over the life of the loans. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the remaining accretable fair value marks on loans acquired
through a business combination and not accounted for under ASC 310-30 were $8.30 million and $7.03 million, respectively. In addition,
indirect auto loans purchased at a premium outside of a business combination have a remaining premium of $11.8 million and $12.0
million, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses represents
management s estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio as of the end of the period. The allowance for unfunded
commitments is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Combined, the allowance for loan losses and allowance
for unfunded commitments are referred to as the allowance for credit losses. 

17   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table presents the balance
and activity in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment for the periods indicated  (in thousands) . 

18   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table represents the recorded investment in loans
by portfolio segment and the balance of the allowance for loan losses assigned to each segment based on the method of evaluating
the loans for impairment as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

Excluding loans accounted for under ASC
310-30, management individually evaluates all loans that are on nonaccrual with a balance of $500,000 or greater and all troubled
debt restructurings ( TDRs ) for impairment. In addition, management reviews all accruing substandard loans greater
than $2 million to determine if the loan is impaired. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current events and circumstances,
it is probable that all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the loan will not be collected. All TDRs are
considered impaired regardless of accrual status. Impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows,
discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral
if the loan is collateral dependent. A specific reserve is established for impaired loans for the amount of calculated impairment.
Interest payments received on impaired nonaccrual loans are applied as a reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. For
impaired loans not on nonaccrual status, interest is accrued according to the terms of the loan agreement. Loans are evaluated
for impairment quarterly and specific reserves are established in the allowance for loan losses for any measured impairment. 

Each quarter, management prepares an analysis
of the allowance for credit losses to determine the appropriate balance that measures and quantifies the amount of probable incurred
losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded loan commitments. The allowance is comprised of specific reserves on individually impaired
loans, which are determined as described above, and general reserves which are determined based on historical loss experience as
adjusted for current trends and economic conditions multiplied by a loss emergence period factor. Management had previously used
eight quarters of historical loss experience look-back period to determine the loss factors to be used in the reserve calculation
for loans evaluated in the aggregate. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, management extended the look-back period to 17 quarters
to better capture the full range of the loss cycle balanced with the availability of reliable historical data. The look-back period
will be extended by one quarter each quarter going forward. Management weights each quarter in the look-back period equally to
capture the full range of the cycle. Management believes the weightings are appropriate to measure the probable losses incurred
within the loan portfolio. 

Management calculates the loss emergence
period for each pool of loans based on the weighted average length of time between the date a loan first exceeds 30 days past due
and the date the loan is charged off. 

19   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

On junior lien home equity loans, management
has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien unless the first lien is also held by United. As a result,
management applies the weighted average historical loss factor for this category and appropriately adjusts it to reflect the increased
risk of loss from these credits. 

Management carefully reviews the resulting
loss factors for each category of the loan portfolio and evaluates whether qualitative adjustments are necessary to take into consideration
recent credit trends such as increases or decreases in past due, nonaccrual, criticized and classified loans, and other macro environmental
factors such as changes in unemployment rates, lease vacancy rates and trends in property values and absorption rates. 

Management believes that its method of
determining the balance of the allowance for credit losses provides a reasonable and reliable basis for measuring and reporting
losses that are incurred in the loan portfolio as of the reporting date. 

When a loan officer determines that a loan
is uncollectible, he or she is responsible for recommending that the loan be placed on nonaccrual status and charged off. Full
or partial charge-offs may also be recommended by the Collections Department, the Special Assets Department, the Loss Mitigation
Department and the Foreclosure/OREO Department. Nonaccrual real estate loans are generally charged down to fair value less costs
to sell at the time they are placed on nonaccrual status. 

Commercial and consumer asset quality committees
consisting of the Chief Credit Officer, Senior Risk Officers and Senior Credit Officers meet monthly to review charge-offs that
have occurred during the previous month. 

Generally, closed-end retail loans (installment
and residential mortgage loans) past due 90 cumulative days are written down to their collateral value less estimated selling costs.
Open-end (revolving) unsecured retail loans which are past due 90 cumulative days from their contractual due date are generally
charged-off. 

The following table presents loans individually
evaluated for impairment by class of loans as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

Excluding PCI loans, there were no loans
more than 90 days past due and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. Nonaccrual loans include both
homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually evaluated impaired loans. United s policy
is to place loans on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of management, the principal and interest on a loan is not likely to
be repaid in full or when the loan becomes 90 days past due and is not well secured and in the process of collection. When a loan
is classified on nonaccrual status, interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current interest revenue.
Principal and interest payments received on a nonaccrual loan are applied to reduce the loan s recorded investment. 

20   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

PCI loans are considered past due or delinquent
when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement remains unpaid after the due
date of the scheduled payment. However, these loans are considered to be performing, even though they may be contractually past
due, as any non-payment of contractual principal or interest is considered in the periodic re-estimation of expected cash flows
and is included in the resulting recognition of current period covered loan loss provision or future period yield adjustments.
The accrual of interest is discontinued on PCI loans if management can no longer reliably estimate future cash flows on the loan.
No PCI loans were classified as nonaccrual at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 as the carrying value of the respective loan
or pool of loans cash flows were considered estimable and probable of collection. Therefore, interest revenue, through accretion
of the difference between the carrying value of the loans and the expected cash flows, is being recognized on all PCI loans. 

The gross additional interest revenue that
would have been earned if the loans classified as nonaccrual had performed in accordance with the original terms was approximately
$262,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $686,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The average balances of impaired loans
and income recognized on impaired loans while they were considered impaired are presented below for the periods indicated  (in
thousands) . 

21   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table presents the recorded
investment in nonaccrual loans by loan class as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

The following table presents the aging
of the recorded investment in past due loans by class of loans as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, $5.18 million and $6.37 million, respectively, of specific reserves were allocated to customers whose loan terms have been
modified in TDRs. United committed to lend additional amounts totaling up to $55,000 and $224,000 as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively, to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as TDRs. 

The modification of the terms of the TDRs
included one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan or an extension of the amortization
period that would not otherwise be considered in the current market for new debt with similar risk characteristics; a restructuring
of the borrower s debt into an  A/B note structure  where the A note would fall within the borrower s ability
to pay and the remainder would be included in the B note; a mandated bankruptcy restructuring; or interest-only payment terms greater
than 90 days where the borrower is unable to amortize the loan. Modified PCI loans are not accounted for as TDRs because they are
not separated from the pools, and as such are not classified as impaired loans. 

22   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table presents information
on TDRs, including the number of loan contracts restructured and the pre- and post-modification recorded investment as of the dates
indicated  (dollars in thousands) . 

Loans modified under the terms of a TDR
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented in the table below. In addition, the following
table presents loans modified under the terms of a TDR that defaulted (became 90 days or more delinquent) during the periods presented
and were initially restructured within one year prior to default  (dollars in thousands) . 

TDRs that subsequently default and are placed on nonaccrual
are charged down to the fair value of the collateral consistent with United s policy for nonaccrual loans. 

23   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Risk Ratings   

United categorizes commercial loans into
risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information,
historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current industry and economic trends, among other
factors. United analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed on a continual
basis. United uses the following definitions for its risk ratings: 

Watch.  Loans in this category are
presently protected from apparent loss; however, weaknesses exist that could cause future impairment, including the deterioration
of financial ratios, past due status and questionable management capabilities. These loans require more than the ordinary amount
of supervision. Collateral values generally afford adequate coverage, but may not be immediately marketable. 

Substandard.  These loans are inadequately
protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged. Specific and well-defined weaknesses
exist that may include poor liquidity and deterioration of financial ratios. The loan may be past due and related deposit accounts
experiencing overdrafts. There is the distinct possibility that United will sustain some loss if deficiencies are not corrected.
If possible, immediate corrective action is taken. 

Doubtful.  Specific weaknesses characterized
as Substandard that are severe enough to make collection in full highly questionable and improbable. There is no reliable secondary
source of full repayment. 

Loss.  Loans categorized as Loss
have the same characteristics as Doubtful; however, probability of loss is certain. Loans classified as Loss are charged off. 

Consumer Purpose Loans.  United applies
a pass / fail grading system to all consumer purpose loans. Under the pass / fail grading system, consumer purpose loans that become
past due 90 days or are in bankruptcy are classified as  fail  and all other loans are classified as  pass .
For reporting purposes, consumer purpose loans classified as  fail  are reported in the substandard column and all
other consumer purpose loans are reported in the  pass  column. 

Loans not meeting the criteria above that
are analyzed individually as part of the above described process are considered to be pass rated loans. 

24   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Based
on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category of loans by class of loans  as of the dates indicated  is
as follows  (in thousands) .  

(1)  Residential mortgage loans and home equity loans
reported in the watch column are generally commercial purpose loans secured by the borrower's residence. 

25   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 7   Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income  

The following table presents the details
regarding amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the periods indicated  (in thousands) . 

Note 8   Earnings Per Share  

United is required to report on the face
of the consolidated statement of income, earnings per common share with and without the dilutive effects of potential common stock
issuances from instruments such as options, convertible securities and warrants. Basic earnings per common share is based on the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period while the effects of potential common shares outstanding
during the period are included in diluted earnings per common share. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, United accrued dividends of $21,000 on its Series H preferred stock. The Series H preferred stock was redeemed in the
first quarter of 2016; accordingly, United did not accrue any dividends for the third quarter of 2016. The preferred stock dividends
were subtracted from net income in order to arrive at net income available to common shareholders. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, United accrued dividends of $25,000 and $42,000, respectively, on its Series H preferred stock. 

26   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table sets forth the computation
of basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods indicated  (in thousands, except per share data) . 

At September 30, 2016, United had the following
potentially dilutive stock options and warrants outstanding: a warrant to purchase 219,909 shares of common stock at $61.40 per
share; 185,688 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options granted to employees with a weighted average exercise
price of $77.63; and 674,862 shares of common stock issuable upon completion of vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 

At September 30, 2015, United had the following
potentially dilutive stock options and warrants outstanding: a warrant to purchase 219,909 shares of common stock at $61.40 per
share; 255,229 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options granted to employees with a weighted average exercise
price of $90.10; and 735,280 shares of common stock issuable upon completion of vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 

Note 9   Derivatives and Hedging Activities  

Risk Management Objective of Using
Derivatives   

United is exposed to certain risks arising
from both its business operations and economic conditions. United principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business
and operational risks through management of its core business activities. United manages interest rate risk primarily by managing
the amount, sources, and duration of its investment securities portfolio and wholesale funding and through the use of derivative
financial instruments. Specifically, United enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business
activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined
by interest rates. Derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of known
or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to loans, investment securities, wholesale
borrowings and deposits. 

In conjunction with the FASB s fair
value measurement guidance, United made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments
that are subject to master netting agreements on a gross basis. 

27   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The table below presents the fair value
of derivative financial instruments as of the dates indicated as well as their classification on the consolidated balance sheet
 (in thousands) . 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments under ASC
815   

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under
ASC 815   

Customer swap positions are between United
and certain commercial loan customers with offsetting positions to dealers under a back-to-back swap program. United also has three
interest rate swap contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments but are economic hedges of market linked brokered certificates
of deposit. The market linked brokered certificates of deposit contain embedded derivatives that are bifurcated from the host instruments
and marked to market through earnings. The marks on the market linked swaps and the bifurcated embedded derivatives tend to move
in opposite directions with changes in 90-day LIBOR and therefore provide an economic hedge. 

To accommodate customers, United occasionally
enters into credit risk participation agreements with counterparty banks to accept a portion of the credit risk related to interest
rate swaps. This allows customers to execute an interest rate swap with one bank while allowing for the distribution of the credit
risk among participating members. Credit risk participation agreements arise when United contracts with other financial institutions,
as a guarantor, to share credit risk associated with certain interest rate swaps. These agreements provide for reimbursement of
losses resulting from a third party default on the underlying swap. These transactions are typically executed in conjunction with
a participation in a loan with the same customer. Collateral used to support the credit risk for the underlying lending relationship
is also available to offset the risk of the credit risk participation. 

In addition, United originates certain residential mortgage
loans with the intention of selling these loans. Between the time United enters into an interest-rate lock commitment to originate
a residential mortgage loan that is to be held for sale and the time the loan is funded and eventually sold, the Company is subject
to the risk of variability in market prices. United also enters into forward sale agreements to mitigate risk and to protect the
expected gain on the eventual loan sale. Most of this activity is on a matched basis, with a loan sale commitment hedging a specific
loan. The commitments to originate residential mortgage loans and forward loan sales commitments are freestanding derivative instruments.
Beginning late in the third quarter of 2016 for newly originated mortgage loans, United began to account for the underlying loans
at fair value pursuant to the fair value option, and these loans are not reflected in the table above. Fair value adjustments on
these derivative instruments are recorded within mortgage loan and other related fee income in the consolidated statement of income. 

28   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 United did not have any active cash flow hedges. Changes in United s balance sheet composition and interest rate risk
position made cash flow hedges no longer necessary as protection against rising interest rates and as a result, United de-designated
its former cash flow hedges. The loss remaining in other comprehensive income on the de-designated swaps is being amortized into
earnings over the original term of the swaps as the forecasted transactions that the swaps were originally designated to hedge
are still expected to occur. United expects that $1.21 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense over the
next twelve months related to these cash flow hedges. 

The table below presents the effect of
cash flow hedges on the consolidated statement of income for the periods indicated  (in thousands) . 

Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk  

United is exposed to changes in the fair
value of certain of its fixed-rate obligations due to changes in interest rates. United uses interest rate swaps to manage its
exposure to changes in fair value on these instruments attributable to changes in interest rates. Interest rate swaps designated
as fair value hedges of brokered deposits involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for United
making variable rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest
rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of fixed-rate investments involve the receipt of variable-rate payments from a counterparty
in exchange for United making fixed-rate payments over the life of the instrument without the exchange of the underlying notional
amount. At September 30, 2016, United had one interest rate swap with a notional amount of $12.8 million that was designated as
a fair value hedge of interest rate risk and was a pay-variable / receive-fixed swap hedging the changes in the fair value of fixed-rate
brokered time deposits resulting from changes in interest rates. Also at September 30, 2016, United had one interest rate swap
with a notional of $30 million that was designated as a pay-fixed / receive-variable fair value hedge of changes in the fair value
of a fixed-rate corporate bond. At December 31, 2015, United had 13 interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $156
million that were designated as fair value hedges of interest rate risk. These contracts were pay-variable / receive-fixed swaps
hedging changes in the fair value of fixed-rate brokered time deposits resulting from changes in interest rates. Also at December
31, 2015, United had one interest rate swap with a notional of $30 million that was designated as a pay-fixed / receive-variable
fair value hedge of changes in the fair value of a fixed-rate corporate bond. 

For derivatives designated and that qualify
as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable
to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. United includes the gain or loss on the hedged items in the same income statement
line item as the offsetting loss or gain on the related derivatives. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
United recognized net gains of $1.51 million and $2.37 million, respectively, related to ineffectiveness in the fair value hedging
relationships. The ineffectiveness gains were almost entirely offset by the write-off of unamortized prepaid broker fees that were
incurred as part of the original brokered certificates of deposit.  The 2016 ineffectiveness gains mostly resulted from called
hedging transactions where United was short the call option in the swap and long the call option on the hedged items (brokered
certificates of deposit).  Since the instruments were called at par, the difference between the carrying amount of the swap
(fair value) and the carrying amount of the hedged item (fair value) on the call date created the ineffectiveness gains. 
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, United recognized net gains of $14,000 and $184,000, respectively, related
to ineffectiveness in the fair value hedging relationships. United also recognized net reductions of interest expense of $388,000
and $1.63 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and net reductions of interest expense
of $1.12 million and $3.39 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to United s
fair value hedges of brokered time deposits, which includes net settlements on the derivatives. United recognized reductions of
interest revenue on securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $262,000 and $508,000, respectively,
and reductions of interest revenue on securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $142,000 and $361,000,
respectively, related to fair value hedges of corporate bonds. 

29   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The table below presents the effect of
derivatives in fair value hedging relationships on the consolidated statement of operations for the periods indicated  (in thousands) . 

In certain cases, the estate of deceased
brokered certificate of deposit holders may put the certificate of deposit back to the issuing bank at par upon the death of the
holder. When these estate puts occur, a gain or loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value and the par amount
of the deposits put back. The change in the fair value of brokered time deposits that are being hedged in fair value hedging relationships
reported in the table above includes gains and losses from estate puts and such gains and losses are included in the amount of
reported ineffectiveness gains or losses. 

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features  

United manages its credit exposure on derivatives
transactions by entering into a bilateral credit support agreement with each counterparty. The credit support agreements require
collateralization of exposures beyond specified minimum threshold amounts. The details of these agreements, including the minimum
thresholds, vary by counterparty. As of September 30, 2016, collateral totaling $32.0 million was pledged toward derivatives in
a liability position. 

United s agreements with each of
its derivative counterparties contain a provision where if either party defaults on any of its indebtedness, then it could also
be declared in default on its derivative obligations. The agreements with derivatives counterparties also include provisions that
if not met, could result in United being declared in default. United has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties
that contain a provision where if United fails to maintain its status as a well-capitalized institution or is subject to a prompt
corrective action directive, the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and United would be required to settle its
obligations under the agreements. 

Note 10   Stock-Based Compensation  

United has an equity compensation plan
that allows for grants of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards
(also referred to as  nonvested stock  awards), stock awards, performance share awards or stock appreciation rights.
Options granted under the plan can have an exercise price no less than the fair market value of the underlying stock at the date
of grant. The general terms of the plan include a vesting period (usually four years) with an exercisable period not to exceed
ten years. Certain options, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change
in control (as defined in the plan). As of September 30, 2016, 2.12 million additional awards could be granted under the plan.
Through September 30, 2016, incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards,
base salary stock grants and performance share awards have been granted under the plan. 

30   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table shows stock option activity for the first
nine months of 2016. 

The fair value of each option is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model. No stock options were granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

Most of United s outstanding stock
options were granted prior to the economic downturn during which time United s stock price decreased sharply. The lower stock
price has rendered most of United s outstanding options severely out of the money and potentially worthless to the grantee.
Therefore, historical exercise patterns do not provide a reasonable basis for determining the expected life of new option grants.
United therefore uses the formula provided in ASC 718-10-S99 to determine the expected life of options. 

United recognized $23,000 and $28,000,
respectively, in compensation expense related to stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The amount
of compensation expense was determined based on the fair value of the options at the time of grant, multiplied by the number of
options granted that were expected to vest, which was then amortized over the vesting period. No options were exercised during
the first nine months of 2016 or 2015. 

The table below presents restricted stock units activity for
the first nine months of 2016. 

Compensation expense for restricted stock
units is based on the fair value of restricted stock unit awards at the time of grant, which is equal to the value of United s
common stock on the date of grant. The value of restricted stock unit awards that are expected to vest is amortized into expense
over the vesting period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, compensation expense of $3.16 million and $3.22
million, respectively, was recognized related to restricted stock unit awards. In addition, for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, $75,000 and $95,000, respectively, was recognized in other operating expense for restricted stock unit awards
granted to members of United s board of directors. The total intrinsic value of outstanding restricted stock unit awards
was $14.2 million at September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $9.39
million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options and restricted stock unit awards granted under the
plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.62 years. The aggregate grant date fair value
of options and restricted stock unit awards that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3.51 million. 

31   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 11   Common and Preferred
Stock Issued / Common Stock Issuable  

United sponsors a Dividend Reinvestment
and Share Purchase Plan ( DRIP ) that allows participants who already own United s common stock to purchase additional
shares directly from United. The DRIP also allows participants to automatically reinvest their quarterly dividends in additional
shares of common stock without a commission. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 2,938 shares and 1,564 shares,
respectively, were issued through the DRIP. 

In addition, United has an Employee Stock
Purchase Program ( ESPP ) that allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock at a 10% discount, with
no commission charges. During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, United issued 12,906 shares and 10,197 shares, respectively,
through the ESPP. 

United offers its common stock as an investment
option in its deferred compensation plan. United also allows for the deferral of restricted stock unit awards. The common stock
component of the deferred compensation plan is accounted for as an equity instrument and is reflected in the consolidated financial
statements as common stock issuable. The deferred compensation plan does not allow for diversification once an election is made
to invest in United s common stock and settlement must be accomplished in shares at the time the deferral period is completed.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 520,014 and 458,953 shares of common stock, respectively, were issuable under the
deferred compensation plan. 

In the first quarter of 2016, United redeemed
all of its outstanding Series H preferred stock. The preferred stock was redeemed at par and did not result in any gain or loss. 

In the second quarter of 2016, United amended
its articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 100 million to 150 million shares. 

On March 22, 2016, United announced that
its Board of Directors had authorized a new program to repurchase up to $50 million of United s outstanding common stock
through December 31, 2017. Under the program, the shares may be repurchased periodically in open market transactions at prevailing
market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The actual timing,
number and value of shares repurchased under the program depends on a number of factors, including the market price of United s
common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal requirements. During the first nine months of 2016,
United repurchased 764,000 shares under the program. As of September 30, 2016, $36.3 million of United s outstanding common
stock may be repurchased under the program. 

Note 12   Income Taxes  

The income tax provision for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $15.8 million and $44.7 million, respectively, which represents an effective tax rate
of 37.8% for both periods. The income tax provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $10.9 million and
$32.4 million, respectively, which represents an effective tax rate of 37.8% for both periods. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, United maintained a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax asset of $4.71 million and $4.28 million, respectively.
Management assesses the valuation allowance recorded against its net deferred tax asset at each reporting period. The determination
of whether a valuation allowance for its net deferred tax asset is appropriate is subject to considerable judgment and requires
an evaluation of all the positive and negative evidence. 

United evaluated the need for a valuation
allowance at September 30, 2016. Based on the assessment of all the positive and negative evidence, management concluded that it
is more likely than not that nearly all of its net deferred tax asset will be realized based upon future taxable income. The remaining
valuation allowance of $4.71 million is related to specific state income tax credits that have short carryforward periods and are
expected to expire unused. 

The valuation allowance could fluctuate
in future periods based on the assessment of the positive and negative evidence. Management's conclusion at September 30, 2016
that it was more likely than not that United s net deferred tax asset of $156 million will be realized is based upon management s
estimate of future taxable income. Management s estimate of future taxable income is based on internal forecasts that consider
historical performance, various internal estimates and assumptions, as well as certain external data all of which management believes
to be reasonable although inherently subject to significant judgment. If actual results differ significantly from the current estimates
of future taxable income, even if caused by adverse macro-economic conditions, the valuation allowance may need to be increased
for some or all of its net deferred tax asset. Such an increase to the net deferred tax asset valuation allowance could have a
material adverse effect on United s financial condition and results of operations. 

United is subject to income taxation in
the United States and various state jurisdictions. United s federal and state income tax returns are filed on a consolidated
basis. Currently, no years for which United filed a federal income tax return are under examination by the IRS, and there are no
state tax examinations currently in progress. United is no longer subject to income tax examinations from state and local income
tax authorities for years before 2013. Although it is not possible to know the ultimate outcome of future examinations, management
believes that the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions is appropriate. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, unrecognized
income tax benefits totaled $3.79 million and $3.98 million, respectively. 

32   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 13   Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value  

Fair value measurements are determined
based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market
participant assumptions in fair value measurements, United uses a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant
assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified
within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable
inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). United has processes in place to review the significant valuation inputs and
to reassess how the instruments are classified in the valuation framework. 

Fair Value Hierarchy  

Level 1  Valuation is
based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that United has the ability to access. 

Level 2  Valuation is
based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset
or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are observable at
commonly quoted intervals. 

Level 3  Valuation is
generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption based on unobservable inputs for the asset or
liability, which are typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. 

In instances where the determination of
the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy
within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
in its entirety. United s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety
requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. 

Securities Available-for-Sale  

Investment securities available-for-sale
are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices
are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as
the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors
such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange,
United States Department of Treasury ( Treasury ) securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter
markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities,
municipal bonds, corporate debt securities and asset-backed securities and are valued based on observable inputs that include:
quoted market prices for similar assets, quoted market prices that are not in an active market, or other inputs that are observable
in the market and can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the securities. Securities classified
as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid markets. Securities classified as Level 3 are valued based on estimates
obtained from broker-dealers and are not directly observable. 

Deferred Compensation Plan Assets and
Liabilities  

Included in other assets in the consolidated
balance sheet are assets related to employee deferred compensation plans. The assets associated with these plans are invested in
mutual funds and classified as Level 1. Deferred compensation liabilities, also classified as Level 1, are carried at the fair
value of the obligation to the employee, which mirrors the fair value of the invested assets and is included in other liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale  

 Beginning in the third quarter of 2016,
United elected the fair value option for newly originated mortgage loans held for sale. United elected the fair value option for
its portfolio of mortgage loans held for sale in order to reduce certain timing differences and better match changes in fair values
of the loans with changes in the value of derivative instruments used to economically hedge them. The fair value of mortgage loans
held for sale is determined using quoted prices for a similar asset, adjusted for specific attributes of that loan (Level 2). 

33   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Loans  

United does not record loans at fair value
on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses is established.
Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms
of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment
based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, except that as a practical
expedient, a creditor may measure impairment based on a loan's observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if
repayment of the loan is dependent upon the sale of the underlying collateral. 

Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance
represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans.
In accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measures and Disclosures , impaired loans where an allowance is established based
on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the collateral is based
on an observable market price or a current appraised value, United records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised
value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value
and there is no observable market price, United records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

United uses interest rate swaps and interest
rate floors to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is typically determined using widely accepted
valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects
the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including
interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard
methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts and the discounted expected variable cash payments. The variable
cash payments are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate
curves. United also uses best effort and mandatory delivery forward loan sale commitments to hedge risk in its mortgage lending
business. 

To comply with the provisions of ASC 820,
United incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s
nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance
risk, United has considered the effect of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds,
mutual puts, and guarantees. 

Although management has determined that
the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation
adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the
likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of September 30, 2016, management had assessed the significance
of the effect of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that
the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. Derivatives classified as Level
3 included structured derivatives for which broker quotes, used as a key valuation input, were not observable consistent with a
Level 2 disclosure. The fair value of risk participations incorporates Level 3 inputs to evaluate the likelihood of customer default.
The fair value of interest rate lock commitments, which is related to mortgage loan commitments, is categorized as Level 3 based
on unobservable inputs for commitments that United does not expect to fund. 

Servicing Rights for Government Guaranteed
Loans  

United recognizes servicing rights upon
the sale of government guaranteed loans sold with servicing retained. Management has elected to carry this asset at fair value.
Given the nature of the asset, the key valuation inputs are unobservable and management classifies this asset as Level 3. 

Pension Plan Assets  

For information on the fair value of pension
plan assets, see Note 17 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

34   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis  

The table below presents United s
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated, aggregated by the level in the fair
value hierarchy within which those measurements fall  (in thousands) . 

35   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table shows a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for the periods indicated for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs that are classified as Level 3 values  (in thousands) . 

The following table presents quantitative information about
Level 3 fair value measurements for fair value on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

Fair Value Option  

At September 30, 2016, mortgage loans held
for sale for which the fair value option was elected had an aggregate fair value and outstanding principal balance of $279,000
and $268,000, respectively. Interest income on these loans is calculated based on the note rate of the loan and is recorded in
interest revenue. During the third quarter of 2016, net gains resulting from changes in fair value of these loans of $11,000 were
recorded in mortgage loan and other related fees. These changes in fair value were mostly offset by hedging activities. An immaterial
portion of these amounts was attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk. 

36   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring
Basis  

United may be required, from time to time,
to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis,
but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances. These adjustments to fair value usually result from the application
of the lower of the amortized cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets due to impairment. The following
table presents the fair value hierarchy and carrying value of all assets that were still held as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during the year-to-date periods presented  (in thousands) . 

Loans that are reported above as being measured at fair value
on a nonrecurring basis are generally impaired loans that have either been partially charged off or have specific reserves assigned
to them. Nonaccrual impaired loans that are collateral dependent are generally written down to 80% of appraised value which considers
the estimated costs to sell. Specific reserves are established for impaired loans based on appraised value of collateral or discounted
cash flows, although only those specific reserves based on the fair value of collateral are considered nonrecurring fair value
adjustments. 

Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value  

For financial instruments that have quoted
market prices, those quotes are used to determine fair value. Financial instruments that have no defined maturity, have a remaining
maturity of 180 days or less, or reprice frequently to a market rate, are assumed to have a fair value that approximates reported
book value, after taking into consideration any applicable credit risk. If no market quotes are available, financial instruments
are valued by discounting the expected cash flows using an estimated current market interest rate for the financial instrument.
For off-balance sheet derivative instruments, fair value is estimated as the amount that United would receive or pay to terminate
the contracts at the reporting date, taking into account the current unrealized gains or losses on open contracts. 

United s cash and cash equivalents
and repurchase agreements have short maturities and therefore the carrying value approximates fair value. The fair value of securities
available-for-sale equals the balance sheet value. Due to the short-term settlement of accrued interest receivable and payable,
the carrying amount closely approximates fair value. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect
the premium or discount on any particular financial instrument that could result from the sale of United s entire holdings.
Because no ready market exists for a significant portion of United s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based
on many judgments. These estimates are inherently subjective in nature. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Fair value estimates are based on existing
on and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the
value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. Significant assets and liabilities that are not
considered financial instruments include the mortgage banking operation, brokerage network, deferred income taxes, premises and
equipment and goodwill. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have
a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in the estimates. 

Off-balance sheet instruments (commitments
to extend credit and standby letters of credit) for which draws can be reasonably predicted are generally short-term and at variable
rates. Therefore, both the carrying amount and the estimated fair value associated with these instruments are immaterial. 

37   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The carrying amount and fair values as
of the dates indicated for other financial instruments that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows
 (in thousands) . 

Note 14   Commitments and Contingencies  

United is party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments
include commitments to extend credit and letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk
in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The contract amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement
United has in particular classes of financial instruments.  The exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by
the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and letters of credit written is represented by the
contractual amount of these instruments. United uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations
as it uses for underwriting on-balance sheet instruments. In most cases, collateral or other security is required to support financial
instruments with credit risk. 

The following table summarizes the contractual
amount of off-balance sheet instruments as of the dates indicated  (in thousands) . 

United s wholly-owned bank subsidiary,
United Community Bank (the  Bank ) holds minor investments in certain limited partnerships for Community Reinvestment
Act purposes. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had invested $2.51 million in these limited partnerships and had committed to
fund an additional $1.99 million related to future capital calls. 

United, in the normal course of business,
is subject to various pending and threatened lawsuits in which claims for monetary damages are asserted.  Although it is not
possible to predict the outcome of these lawsuits, or the range of any possible loss, management, after consultation with legal
counsel, does not anticipate that the ultimate aggregate liability, if any, arising from these lawsuits will have a material adverse
effect on United s financial position or results of operations. 

38   

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 15   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  

The carrying amount of goodwill and other
intangible assets as of the dates indicated is summarized below  (in thousands) : 

The following is a summary of changes in
the carrying amounts of goodwill  (in thousands) : 

The amortization expense for intangibles
subject to amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.12 million and $3.12 million, respectively,
which was recognized in operating expenses. The amortization expense for intangibles subject to amortization for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $714,000 and $1.4 million, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense
for future periods is as follows  (in thousands) : 

39   

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-looking Statements  

This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ), about United and its subsidiaries. These forward-looking statements
are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, and can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology such as  believes ,  expects ,  may ,  will ,  could ,
 should ,  projects ,  plans ,  goal ,  targets ,  potential ,
 estimates ,  pro forma ,  seeks ,  intends , or  anticipates , the
negative thereof or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements include discussions of strategy, financial projections,
guidance and estimates (including their underlying assumptions), statements regarding plans, objectives, expectations or consequences
of various transactions or events, and statements about the future performance, operations, products and services of United and
its subsidiaries. We caution our shareholders and other readers not to place undue reliance on such statements. 

Our businesses and operations are and will
be subject to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Consequently, actual results and experiences may differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results
and experiences to differ from those projected include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as well as the following factors: 

the condition of the general business and economic environment;   

the results of our internal credit stress tests may not accurately predict the impact on our financial
condition if the economy were to deteriorate;   

our ability to maintain profitability;   

our ability to fully realize the balance of our net deferred tax asset, including net operating
loss carryforwards;   

the risk that we may be required to increase the valuation allowance on our net deferred tax asset
in future periods;   

the condition of the banking system and financial markets;   

our ability to raise capital;   

our ability to maintain liquidity or access other sources of funding;   

changes in the cost and availability of funding;   

the success of the local economies in which we operate;   

our lack of geographic diversification;   

our concentrations of residential and commercial construction and development loans and commercial
real estate loans are subject to unique risks that could adversely affect our earnings;   

changes in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect our net income and the value of our
assets and other interest rate risks;   

our accounting and reporting policies;   

if our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses;   

losses due to fraudulent and negligent conduct of our loan customers, third party service providers
or employees;   

risks related to our communications and information systems, including risks with respect to cybersecurity
breaches;   

our reliance on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure and services
required to operate our business;   

competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers;   

risks with respect to our ability to successfully expand and complete acquisitions and integrate
businesses and operations that are acquired;   

if the conditions in the stock market, the public debt market and other capital markets deteriorate;   

the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and related
regulations;   

changes in laws and regulations or failures to comply with such laws and regulations;   

changes in regulatory capital and other requirements;   

the costs and effects of litigation, examinations, investigations, or similar matters, or adverse
facts and developments related thereto;   

regulatory or judicial proceedings, board resolutions, informal memorandums of understanding or
formal enforcement actions imposed by regulators that may occur;   

changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our income tax provision;
and   

our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls
and procedures.   

Additional information with respect to
factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements may also
be included in other reports that United files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). United cautions
that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. United does
not intend to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed in this Form 10-Q.
The financial statements and information contained herein have not been reviewed, or confirmed for accuracy or relevance, by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

40   

Overview  

The following discussion is intended to
provide insight into the results of operations and financial condition of United Community Banks, Inc. ( United ) and
its subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with United s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 

United is a bank holding company registered
with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 that was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Georgia in 1987 and commenced operations in 1988. At September 30, 2016, United had total consolidated assets of
$10.3 billion, total loans of $6.73 billion, total deposits of $8.44 billion, and shareholders  equity of $1.08 billion. 

United conducts substantially all of its
operations through its wholly-owned Georgia bank subsidiary, United Community Bank (the  Bank ), which as of September
30, 2016, operated at 140 locations throughout the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, Georgia, and Gainesville, Georgia metropolitan
statistical areas, upstate and coastal South Carolina, north and coastal Georgia, western North Carolina, and east Tennessee. Also,
United has a commercial loan office in Charlotte, North Carolina. 

On July 1, 2016, United completed its previously
announced acquisition of Tidelands Bancshares, Inc. ( Tidelands ) and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Tidelands Bank.  On
September 1, 2015, United completed the acquisition of Palmetto Bancshares, Inc. ( Palmetto ) and its wholly-owned
bank subsidiary, The Palmetto Bank. On May 1, 2015, United completed the acquisition of MoneyTree Corporation ( MoneyTree )
and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, First National Bank. The acquired entities  results are included in United s
consolidated results beginning on their respective acquisition dates. 

United reported net income of $25.9 million,
or $.36 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2016, compared to net income of $17.9 million, or $.27 per diluted share, for
the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, United reported net income of $73.4 million, or $1.02
per diluted share, compared to $53.4 million, or $.84 per diluted share, for the first nine months of 2015. 

Net interest revenue increased to $79.0
million for the third quarter of 2016, compared to $65.4 million for the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to higher loan volume,
much of which resulted from United s acquisitions of Tidelands, Palmetto, and MoneyTree (the  Acquisitions ).
Net interest margin increased to 3.34% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.26% for the same period in 2015 due
to a higher yield on the investment securities portfolio and growth in the loan portfolio that led to a more favorable earning
asset mix. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net interest revenue was $229 million and the net interest margin was
3.36% compared to net interest revenue of $184 million and net interest margin of 3.29% for the same period in 2015 primarily due
to the same factors that affected the quarterly results. 

United s release of provision for
credit losses was $300,000 for the third quarter of 2016, compared to provision expense of $700,000 for the third quarter of 2015.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, United s release of provision for credit losses was $800,000, compared to provision
expense of $3.40 million for the same period in 2015. Net charge-offs for the third quarter of 2016 were $1.36 million, compared
to $1.42 million for the third quarter of 2015. Recoveries of previously charged-off amounts remained at elevated levels, with
third quarter 2016 being the sixth consecutive quarter of recoveries greater than $1 million. 

As of September 30, 2016, United s
allowance for loan losses was $63.0 million, or .94% of loans, compared to $68.4 million, or 1.14% of loans, at December 31, 2015
reflecting continued asset quality improvement. Nonperforming assets of $30.8 million were .30% of total assets at September 30,
2016, up from .29% at December 31, 2015 due to foreclosed properties resulting from the Tidelands acquisition. During the third
quarter of 2016, $6.68 million in loans were placed on nonaccrual compared with $8.92 million in the third quarter of 2015. 

Fee revenue of $26.4 million for the third
quarter of 2016 was up $8.06 million, or 44%, from the third quarter of 2015. Service charges and fees in the third quarter of
2016 were $10.8 million, up from $9.34 million in the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to higher deposit balances and related
fees resulting from the Acquisitions. In addition, gains from the sales of government guaranteed loans increased $833,000 in the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. Mortgage fees of $6.04 million for the third quarter of 2016 increased
from $3.84 million in the third quarter of 2015. The increase was due to United s emphasis on growing its mortgage business
by recruiting lenders in metropolitan markets and continued strong refinancing activity. For the first nine months of 2016, fee
revenue of $68.5 million increased $17.2 million, or 34%, from the same period in 2015, primarily due to the same factors that
affected the quarterly results. 

For the third quarter of 2016, operating expenses of $64.0 million
were up $9.75 million from the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to the addition of Tidelands and Palmetto operating expenses
since acquisition. Salaries and benefits expense increased $7.14 million from a year ago mostly due to the acquisitions of Tidelands
and Palmetto and investment in additional staff and new teams to expand the specialized lending area as well as higher incentive
compensation in connection with increased lending activities and improvement in earnings performance. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, operating expenses of $180 million were up $34.2 million from the same period in 2015, primarily due to the
same factors that affected the quarterly results as well as increases related to the MoneyTree acquisition. 

41   

Critical Accounting Policies  

The accounting and reporting policies of
United are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and conform to
general practices within the banking industry. The more critical accounting and reporting policies include United s accounting
for the allowance for loan losses, fair value measurements, and income taxes which involve the use of estimates and require significant
judgments to be made by management. Different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes
in United s consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. See  Asset Quality and Risk Elements 
herein for additional discussion of United s accounting methodologies related to the allowance for loan losses. 

GAAP Reconciliation and Explanation  

This Form 10-Q contains financial information
determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial information includes the following measures:
taxable equivalent interest revenue, taxable equivalent net interest revenue, tangible book value per share, tangible equity to
assets, tangible common equity to assets and tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets. In addition, management presents non-GAAP
operating performance measures, which exclude merger-related and other charges that are not part of United s ongoing business
operations. Operating performance measures include net income   operating, net income available to common shareholders  
operating, diluted net income per share   operating, return on common equity   operating, return on tangible common
equity   operating, return on assets   operating, dividend payout ratio   operating and efficiency ratio  
operating. Management has developed internal processes and procedures to accurately capture and account for merger-related and
other charges and those charges are reviewed with the audit committee of United s Board of Directors each quarter. Management
uses these non-GAAP measures because it believes they may provide useful supplemental information for evaluating United s
operations and performance over periods of time, as well as in managing and evaluating United s business and in discussions
about United s operations and performance. Management believes these non-GAAP measures may also provide users of United s
financial information with a meaningful measure for assessing United s financial results and credit trends, as well as a
comparison to financial results for prior periods. These non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative
to or substitute for, measures determined in accordance with GAAP and are not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled
measures used by other companies. To the extent applicable, reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable
measures as reported in accordance with GAAP are included in the table on page 44. 

Results of Operations  

United reported net income of $25.9 million
for the third quarter of 2016. This compared to net income of $17.9 million for the same period in 2015. For the third quarter
of 2016, diluted earnings per common share were $.36 compared to $.27 for the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended
June 30, 2016, United reported net income of $73.4 million compared to net income of $53.4 million for the same period in 2015. 

United reported operating net income of
$27.8 million and $77.8 million, respectively, for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, compared to $21.7 million and
$59.4 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. Operating net income excludes the effects of merger-related charges,
which, net of tax, totaled $1.96 million and $4.34 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Merger-related charges, net of tax, totaled $3.84 million and $6.02 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

42   

Table 1 - Financial Highlights    
 
       Selected Financial Information    

(1)  Excludes merger-related charges and fourth quarter
impairment losses on surplus bank property.  (2)  Net income available to common shareholders, which is net of preferred
stock dividends, divided by average realized common equity, which excludes accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  (3)  Excludes effect of acquisition related intangibles
and associated amortization.  (4)  Annualized. 

43   

44   

Net Interest Revenue   

Net interest revenue (the difference between
the interest earned on assets and the interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds) is the single largest component of total revenue.
United actively manages its balance sheet to provide optimal levels of revenue while balancing interest rate, credit and liquidity
risks. Net interest revenue for the third quarter of 2016 was $79.0 million. Taxable equivalent net interest revenue for the third
quarter of 2016 was $79.2 million, which represents an increase of $13.5 million from the same period in 2015. The combination
of the larger earning asset base from the acquisitions of Tidelands and Palmetto and growth in the loan portfolio were responsible
for the increase in net interest revenue. United continues to focus on loan and deposit pricing in an effort to maintain a steady
level of net interest revenue. The acquisition of Tidelands on July 1, 2016 and Palmetto on September 1, 2015 contributed to the
increase as the acquired entities  results are included in consolidated results beginning on the acquisition date. 

Average loans increased $1.22 billion,
or 22%, from the third quarter of last year, while the yield on loans decreased two basis points, reflecting ongoing pricing pressure
on new and renewed loans. 

Average interest-earning assets for the
third quarter of 2016 increased $1.43 billion, or 18%, from the third quarter of 2015, which was due primarily to the increase
in loans, including the acquisition of Tidelands and Palmetto loans. Average investment securities for the third quarter of 2016
increased $221 million from a year ago, partially due to the Tidelands and Palmetto acquisitions. The average yield on the taxable
investment portfolio increased 23 basis points from a year ago, primarily due to the impact of higher short-term interest rates
on the floating rate portion of United s securities portfolio as well as accelerated discount accretion on called agency
bonds and higher yields on fixed rate investments. 

Average interest-bearing liabilities of
$6.62 billion for the third quarter of 2016 increased $951 million from the third quarter of 2015. Average noninterest bearing
deposits increased $518 million from the third quarter of 2015 to $2.49 billion for the third quarter of 2016. The average cost
of interest-bearing liabilities for the third quarter of 2016 was .39% compared to .38% for the same period in 2015, reflecting
greater use of borrowed funds to fund balance sheet growth. Also contributing to the overall higher rate on interest-bearing liabilities
was a higher average rate on money market deposits and a higher average rate on brokered time deposits. 

The banking industry uses two ratios to
measure relative profitability of net interest revenue. The net interest spread measures the difference between the average yield
on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The interest rate spread eliminates the effect
of non-interest-bearing deposits and gives a direct perspective on the effect of market interest rate movements. The net interest
margin is an indication of the profitability of a company s balance sheet, and is defined as net interest revenue as a percent
of average total interest-earning assets, which includes the positive effect of funding a portion of interest-earning assets with
non-interest-bearing deposits and stockholders  equity. 

For the third quarters of 2016 and 2015,
the net interest spread was 3.22% and 3.15%, respectively, while the net interest margin was 3.34% and 3.26%, respectively. The
increase in both ratios reflects the impact of higher short-term interest rates on floating-rate loans and securities, while deposit
pricing increased slightly from the prior year. Additionally, United was able to improve its overall yield on interest-earning
assets through growth in the loan portfolio, which had a positive impact on the composition of interest-earning assets, and higher
yields on fixed rate investments. 

For the first nine months of 2016, net
interest revenue was $229 million, an increase of $45.2 million, or 25%, from the first nine months of 2015. Similarly, fully taxable
equivalent net interest revenue for the first nine months of 2016 was $230 million, an increase of $45.0 million, or 24%, from
the first nine months of 2015. Average earning assets increased $1.61 billion, or 21%, during the first nine months of 2016 compared
to the same period a year ago, primarily due to loan growth, both organic and acquisition-related. The yield on earning assets
increased seven basis points to 3.63% in the first nine months of 2016 despite a four basis point decrease in loan yield. The lower
loan portfolio yield reflects competitive pricing pressure on new and renewed loans and a shift in loan mix to more floating rate
loans. Investment yield increased 24 basis points for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, which
helped offset some of the decrease in loan yield. The rate on interest-bearing liabilities over the same period remained flat.
The higher yield on interest-earning assets combined with the unchanged cost of interest-bearing liabilities resulted in a seven
basis point increase in the net interest margin from the first nine months of 2015 to the first nine months of 2016. 

45   

The following tables show the relationship
between interest revenue and expense, and the average amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the
periods indicated. 

(1)   Interest revenue on tax-exempt securities and loans has
been increased to reflect comparable interest on taxable securities and loans. The rate used was 39%, reflecting the statutory
federal income tax rate and the federal tax adjusted state income tax rate. 

(2)   Included in the average balance of loans outstanding are
loans where the accrual of interest has been discontinued and loans that are held for sale. 

(3)   Securities available for sale are shown at amortized cost.
Pretax unrealized gains of $30.4 million in 2016 and $8.56 million in 2015 are included in other assets for purposes of this presentation. 

(4)   Net interest margin is taxable equivalent net-interest
revenue divided by average interest-earning assets. 

46   

(1)   Interest revenue on tax-exempt securities and loans has
been increased to reflect comparable interest on taxable securities and loans. The rate 
 used was 39%, reflecting the statutory federal income tax rate and the federal tax adjusted state income tax rate. 

(2)   Included in the average balance of loans outstanding are
loans where the accrual of interest has been discontinued and loans that are held for sale. 

(3)   Securities available for sale are shown at amortized cost.
Pretax unrealized gains of $15.1 million in 2016 and $12.7 million in 2015 are included in other assets for purposes of this presentation. 

(4)   Net interest margin is taxable equivalent net-interest
revenue divided by average interest-earning assets. 

47   

The following table shows the relative
effect on net interest revenue for changes in the average outstanding amounts (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities and the rates earned and paid on such assets and liabilities (rate). Variances resulting from a combination of changes
in rate and volume are allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each category. 

Provision for Credit Losses   

The provision for credit losses is based
on management s evaluation of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio and corresponding analysis of the allowance
for credit losses at quarter-end. The release of provision for credit losses was $300,000 for the third quarter of 2016, compared
to a release of $300,000 in the second quarter of 2016 and provision expense of $700,000 for the third quarter of 2015. The provision
for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was a release of provision of $800,000 and provision expense
of $3.40 million, respectively. The amount of provision recorded in each period was the amount required such that the total allowance
for loan losses reflected the appropriate balance, in the estimation of management, sufficient to cover incurred losses in the
loan portfolio. The third quarter 2016 release of provision was due to ongoing improvement in the historical loss experience factors
used to determine the amount of the required allowance for loan losses. The improvement for the year-to-date period reflects overall
improvement in a number of troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) as well as continued strong credit quality and a low
overall level of net charge-offs. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net loan charge-offs as an annualized percentage
of average outstanding loans were .08% compared to .10% for the same period in 2015. 

The allowance for unfunded commitments
represents probable incurred losses on unfunded loan commitments that are expected to result in outstanding loan balances. The
allowance for unfunded loan commitments was established through the provision for credit losses. 

Additional discussion on credit quality
and the allowance for loan losses is included in the  Asset Quality and Risk Elements  section of this report on page
53. 

48   

Fee Revenue   

Fee revenue for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $26.4 million and $68.5 million, respectively, an increase of $8.06 million, or 44%, compared to the
third quarter of 2015 and an increase of $17.2 million, or 34%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. The following table
presents the components of fee revenue for the periods indicated. 

Table 5 - Fee Revenue  

  (in thousands)  

Service charges and fees of $10.8 million
and $31.5 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were up $1.48 million, or 16%, from the third quarter of
2015 and $6.14 million, or 24%, from the first nine months of 2015. Overdraft, ATM and debit card, and other service charges
and fees increased year over year based on increased deposit balances driven primarily by the Acquisitions. 

Mortgage loan and related fees for the
third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were up $2.20 million, or 57%, and $3.47 million, or 34%, respectively, from the same
periods in 2015. The increase reflects United s focus on growing the mortgage business by recruiting new mortgage lenders
in key metropolitan markets and an increase in purchase and refinancing activity. In the third quarter of 2016, United closed 904
loans totaling $194 million compared with 711 loans totaling $141 million in the third quarter of 2015. Year-to-date mortgage production
in 2016 amounted to 2,407 loans totaling $522 million, compared to 1,849 loans totaling $357 million for the same period in 2015.
United had $99.7 million and $292 million, respectively, in home purchase mortgage originations in the third quarter and first
nine months of 2016, compared with $80.1 million and $191 million for the same periods a year ago. The volume of home purchase
mortgages in the third quarter of 2016 was 51% compared with 62% in the third quarter of 2015. 

Brokerage fees in the third quarter of
2016 were flat compared to the third quarter of 2015, while brokerage fees in the first nine months of 2016 were down $614,000,
or 15%, from the same period in 2015, reflecting weak market activity and changes in industry practices in advance of the United
States Department of Labor s new fiduciary rule that becomes effective in April 2017. 

In the third quarter and first nine months
of 2016, United realized $2.48 million and $6.52 million, respectively, in gains from the sales of the guaranteed portion of Small
Business Administration ( SBA ) and United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) loans, compared to
$1.65 million and $4.28 million, respectively, in the same periods of 2015. United s SBA/USDA lending strategy includes selling
a portion of the loan production each quarter. United retains the servicing rights on the sold loans and earns a fee for servicing
the loans. In the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, United sold the guaranteed portion of loans in the amount of $32.2
million and $78.6 million, respectively, compared to $17.8 million and $45.6 million, respectively, for the same periods a year
ago. The year over year increase also reflects the maturation of United s SBA construction portfolio that continues to expand. 

Customer derivative fees were up $1.03
million and $1.97 million, respectively, from the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 due to an increase in customer demand
for this product as commercial customers sought to lock in low fixed rates on their loans. 

United realized net securities gains of
$261,000 and $922,000, respectively, in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared with securities gains of $325,000
and $1.88 million, respectively, in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015. In the third quarter and first nine months
of 2015, United incurred $256,000 and $1.29 million, respectively, in charges from the prepayment of debt. The securities gains
and prepayment charges in 2015 were mostly offsetting and were part of the same overall balance sheet management activities that
were intended to lower the overall cost of wholesale borrowings going forward. 

Other fee revenue was up $2.33 million
and $3.68 million, respectively, for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015. The
increase reflects growth across all categories of miscellaneous fee revenue sources as well as a $638,000 vendor payment for disputed
trust fees in the second quarter of 2016. 

49   

Operating Expenses   

The following table presents the components
of operating expenses for the periods indicated. 

Table 6 - Operating Expenses  

  (in thousands)  

Operating expenses for the third quarter
of 2016 totaled $64.0 million, up $9.75 million, or 18%, from the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, operating expenses totaled $180 million, an increase of $34.2 million, or 23%, from the same period in 2015. The increase
mostly reflects the inclusion of the operating expenses of the Acquisitions, higher salaries and employee benefits expense resulting
from investing in specialized lending areas and other strategic hiring and merger-related charges. 

Salaries and employee benefits for the
third quarter of 2016 were $36.5 million, up $7.14 million, or 24%, from the third quarter of 2015. The increase was due to a number
of factors including investments in additional staff and new teams to expand specialized lending and other key areas and additional
staff resulting from the Tidelands and Palmetto acquisitions. For the first nine months of 2016, salaries and employee benefits
of $103 million were up $19.4 million, or 23%, from the same period in 2015. Full time equivalent headcount totaled 1,939 at September
30, 2016, up 63 from 1,876 at September 30, 2015, reflecting the addition of Tidelands personnel. 

Professional fees for the third quarter
of 2016 of $3.16 million were up $492,000, or 18%, from the third quarter of 2015. For the first nine months of 2016, professional
fees of $9.05 million were up $2.21 million, or 32%, from the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to compliance
projects and process improvement projects to improve operating efficiency. 

Amortization of intangibles of $1.12 million
and $3.12 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 increased relative to the same periods in 2015 due to the
addition of core deposit intangibles related to the Acquisitions. 

In the third quarter and first nine months
of 2016, merger-related charges of $3.15 million and $6.98 million, respectively, consisted primarily of severance, conversion
costs, and legal and professional fees. Merger-related charges of $5.74 million and $8.92 million, respectively, in the third quarter
and first nine months of 2015 related to the Palmetto and MoneyTree acquisitions and consisted primarily of severance, conversion
costs, and legal and professional fees. 

Other expense of $6.11 million for the
third quarter of 2016 increased $1.28 million, or 27%, from the third quarter of 2015. Year-to-date, other expenses of $18.0 million
increased $3.68 million, or 26%, from the first nine months of 2015. The increase for both periods was primarily due to higher
lending support costs due to increased lending activity, higher ATM and internet banking costs due to higher volume, and higher
servicing costs on United s indirect auto loan portfolio due to growth in that portfolio. The increase in the expense categories
not specifically mentioned is primarily due to the 2015 acquisitions. 

Income Taxes   

The income tax provision for the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016 were $15.8 million and $44.7 million, respectively, as compared with $10.9 million and $32.4
million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The income tax provision represents an effective tax rate of 37.8% for both
periods of 2016 and 37.8% for both periods of 2015. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, United maintained a valuation
allowance on its net deferred tax asset of $4.71 million and $4.28 million, respectively. Management assesses the valuation allowance
recorded against its net deferred tax asset at each reporting period. The determination of whether a valuation allowance for its
net deferred tax asset is appropriate is subject to considerable judgment and requires an evaluation of all the positive and negative
evidence. 

United evaluated the need for a valuation
allowance at September 30, 2016. Based on the assessment of all the positive and negative evidence, management concluded that it
is more likely than not that nearly all of its net deferred tax asset will be realized based upon future taxable income. The remaining
valuation allowance of $4.71 million is related to specific state income tax credits that have short carryforward periods and are
expected to expire unused. 

50   

The valuation allowance could fluctuate
in future periods based on the assessment of the positive and negative evidence. Management's conclusion at September 30, 2016
that it was more likely than not that United s net deferred tax asset of $156 million will be realized is based upon management s
estimate of future taxable income. Management s estimate of future taxable income is based on internal forecasts that consider
historical performance, various internal estimates and assumptions, as well as certain external data all of which management believes
to be reasonable although inherently subject to significant judgment. If actual results differ significantly from the current estimates
of future taxable income, the valuation allowance may need to be increased for some or all of its net deferred tax asset. Such
an increase to the net deferred tax asset valuation allowance could have a material adverse effect on United s financial
condition and results of operations. 

United is subject to income taxation in
the United States and various state jurisdictions. United s federal and state income tax returns are filed on a consolidated
basis. Currently, no years for which United filed a federal income tax return are under examination by the IRS, and there are no
state tax examinations currently in progress. United is no longer subject to income tax examinations from state and local income
tax authorities for years before 2013. Although it is not possible to know the ultimate outcome of future examinations, management
believes that the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions is appropriate. 

Additional information regarding income
taxes, including a reconciliation of the differences between the recorded income tax provision and the amount of income tax computed
by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes, can be found in Note 16 to the consolidated financial
statements filed with United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

51   

Balance Sheet Review  

Total assets at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 were $10.3 billion and $9.62 billion, respectively. Average total assets for the third quarter of 2016 were $10.3
billion, up from $8.63 billion in the third quarter of 2015. 

The following table presents a summary
of the loan portfolio. 

Table 7 - Loans Outstanding  

  (in thousands)  

Substantially all of United s loans
are to customers located in the immediate market areas of its community banks in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee,
including customers who have a seasonal residence in United s market areas, except for specific specialized lending strategies
such as SBA and franchise lending. More than 76% of the loans are secured by real estate. Total loans averaged $6.68 billion in
the third quarter of 2016, compared with $5.46 billion in the third quarter of 2015, an increase of 22% primarily due to the acquisitions
of Tidelands and Palmetto. At September 30, 2016, total loans were $6.73 billion, an increase of $730 million, or 12%, from December
31, 2015. 

United s home equity lines generally
require the payment of interest only for a set period after origination. After this initial period, the outstanding balance begins
amortizing and requires the payment of both principal and interest. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the funded portion
of home equity lines totaled $698 million and $598 million, respectively. Excluding Tidelands home equity lines for which this
data is not yet available, approximately 3% of the home equity lines at September 30, 2016 were amortizing. Of the $698 million
in balances outstanding at September 30, 2016, $423 million, or 61%, were secured by first liens. At September 30, 2016, 58% of
the total available home equity lines were drawn upon. 

52   

United monitors the performance of its
home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similar to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these
loans in determining the necessary allowance. United also receives notification when the first lien holder is in the process of
foreclosure and upon that notification, United reviews current valuations to determine if any charge-offs are warranted and whether it is in United s best interest to pay off the first lien creditor. 

Asset Quality and Risk Elements   

United manages asset quality and controls
credit risk through review and oversight of the loan portfolio as well as adherence to policies designed to promote sound underwriting
and loan monitoring practices. United s credit administration function is responsible for monitoring asset quality and Board
of Directors approved portfolio limits, establishing credit policies and procedures and enforcing the consistent application of
these policies and procedures among all lending units. Additional information on the credit administration function is included
in Item 1 under the heading  Loan Review and Nonperforming Assets  in United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. 

United classifies performing loans as  substandard 
when there is a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardizes the repayment by the borrower and there is a distinct possibility
that United could sustain some loss if the deficiency is not corrected. 

The table below presents performing classified
loans for the last five quarters. 

Table 8 - Performing Classified Loans  

  (in thousands)  

At September 30, 2016, performing classified
loans totaled $122 million and increased $3.11 million from the prior quarter-end, and decreased $14.4 million from a year ago.
Performing classified loans reflect a general downward trend, offset by the Acquisitions in 2016 and 2015. The increase in performing
classified loans in South Carolina in the third quarter of 2016 was attributable to the Tidelands acquisition. 

Reviews of classified performing and non-performing
loans, past due loans and larger credits are conducted on a regular basis and are designed to identify risk migration and potential
charges to the allowance for loan losses. These reviews are presented by the responsible lending officers and specific action plans
are discussed along with the financial strength of borrowers, the value of the applicable collateral, past loan loss experience,
anticipated loan losses, changes in risk profile, the effect of prevailing economic conditions on the borrower and other factors
specific to the borrower and its industry. In addition to internal loan review, United also uses external loan review to ensure
the objectivity of the loan review process. 

53   

The following table presents a summary
of the changes in the allowance for credit losses for the periods indicated. 

Table 9 - Allowance for Credit Losses  

  (in thousands)  

The provision for credit losses charged
to earnings is based upon management s judgment of the amount necessary to maintain the allowance at a level appropriate
to absorb probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The amount each quarter is dependent upon many
factors, including growth and changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, net charge-offs, delinquencies, management s
assessment of loan portfolio quality, the value of collateral, and other macro-economic factors and trends. The evaluation of these
factors is performed quarterly by management through an analysis of the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses. The decreases
in the provision and the declining level of the allowance for loan losses compared to the previous periods reflects stabilizing
trends in substandard and nonperforming loans as well as charge-off levels. Further, the declining balance of the allowance for
loan losses over the last several quarters reflects an overall improving trend in the historical loss experience factors used in
management s analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 

54   

The allowance for credit losses, which
includes a portion related to unfunded commitments, totaled $65.0 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $71.0 million at
December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses was $63.0 million, or .94% of loans, compared with $68.4
million, or 1.14% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. 

Management believes that the allowance
for credit losses at September 30, 2016 reflects the probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded loan commitments.
This assessment involves uncertainty and judgment and is subject to change in future periods. The amount of any changes could be
significant if management s assessment of loan quality or collateral values change substantially with respect to one or more
loan relationships or portfolios. In addition, bank regulatory authorities, as part of their periodic examination of the Bank,
may require adjustments to the provision for credit losses in future periods if, in their opinion, the results of their review
warrant such additions. See the  Critical Accounting Policies  section for additional information on the allowance
for loan losses. 

Nonperforming Assets   

The table below summarizes nonperforming
assets. 

Table 10 - Nonperforming Assets  

  (in thousands)  

At September 30, 2016, nonperforming loans
were $21.6 million compared to $22.7 million at December 31, 2015. Nonperforming assets, which include nonperforming loans and
foreclosed real estate, totaled $30.8 million at September 30, 2016 and $27.5 million at December 31, 2015. United sold $6.55 million
of foreclosed properties and added $2.34 million in new foreclosures during the third quarter of 2016. 

United s policy is to place loans
on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of management, the principal and interest on a loan is not likely to be repaid in full
or when the loan becomes 90 days past due. When a loan is classified on nonaccrual status, interest previously accrued but not
collected is reversed against current interest revenue. Principal and interest payments received on a nonaccrual loan are applied
to reduce the loan s recorded investment. 

Purchased credit impaired ( PCI )
loans are considered past due or delinquent when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the
loan agreement remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. However, these loans are considered as performing, even
though they may be contractually past due, as any non-payment of contractual principal or interest is considered in the periodic
re-estimation of expected cash flows and is included in the resulting recognition of current period covered loan loss provision
or future period yield adjustments. The accrual of interest is discontinued on PCI loans if management can no longer reliably estimate
future cash flows on the loan. No PCI loans were classified as nonaccrual at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 as the carrying
value of the respective loan or pool of loans cash flows were considered estimable and probable of collection. Therefore, interest
revenue, through accretion of the difference between the carrying value of the loans and the expected cash flows, is being recognized
on all PCI loans. 

55   

The following table summarizes nonperforming
assets by category and market as of the dates indicated. 

Table 11 - Nonperforming Assets by Category and Market  

  (in thousands)  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, United had $75.4 million and $86.6 million, respectively, in loans with terms that have been modified in TDRs. Included therein
were $5.27 million and $3.58 million, respectively, of TDRs that were classified as nonaccrual and were included in nonperforming
loans. The remaining TDRs with an aggregate balance of $70.1 million and $83.0 million, respectively, were performing according
to their modified terms and are therefore not considered to be nonperforming assets. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, there were $93.6 million and $104 million, respectively,   of loans classified as impaired under the definition outlined
in the Accounting Standards Codification, including TDRs which are by definition considered impaired. Included in impaired loans
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $33.5 million and $32.7 million, respectively, that did not require specific reserves
or had previously been charged down to net realizable value. The balance of impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 of $60.1 million and $71.3 million, respectively, had specific reserves that totaled $5.80 million and $6.80 million, respectively.
The average recorded investment in impaired loans for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 was $93.0 million and $108 million, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the average recorded investment in impaired loans was $92.0 million and
$108 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, United recognized $1.13 million and $3.26 million,
respectively, in interest revenue on impaired loans compared to $1.28 million and $3.76 million, respectively, for the same periods
of the prior year. 

56   

The table below summarizes activity in nonperforming assets
for the periods indicated. 

Table 12 - Activity in Nonperforming Assets  

  (in thousands)  

Foreclosed property is initially recorded
at fair value, less estimated costs to sell. If the fair value, less estimated costs to sell at the time of foreclosure is less
than the loan balance, the deficiency is charged against the allowance for loan losses. If the lesser of fair value, less estimated
costs to sell or the listed selling price, less the costs to sell, of the foreclosed property decreases during the holding period,
a valuation allowance is established with a charge to foreclosed property expense. When the foreclosed property is sold, a gain
or loss is recognized on the sale for the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the property. Financed
sales of foreclosed property are accounted for in accordance with ASC 360-20,  Real Estate Sales . For the third quarter of
2016, United transferred $2.34 million of loans into foreclosed property through foreclosures. During the same period, proceeds
from sales of foreclosed property were $6.55 million. 

Investment Securities   

The composition of the investment securities
portfolio reflects United s investment strategy of maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity while providing a relatively
stable source of revenue. The investment securities portfolio also provides a balance to interest rate risk and credit risk in
other categories of the balance sheet while providing a vehicle for the investment of available funds, furnishing liquidity, and
supplying securities to pledge as required collateral for certain deposits and borrowings, including repurchase agreements. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, United had securities held-to-maturity with a carrying amount of $345 million and $365 million, respectively, and securities
available-for-sale totaling $2.21 billion and $2.29 billion, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the securities
portfolio represented approximately 25% and 28%, respectively, of total assets. 

57   

The investment securities portfolio primarily
consists of Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, U.S. government sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities,
non-agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate securities, municipal securities and asset-backed securities. Mortgage-backed
securities rely on the underlying pools of mortgage loans to provide a cash flow of principal and interest. The actual maturities
of these securities will usually differ from contractual maturities because loans underlying the securities can prepay. Decreases
in interest rates will generally cause an acceleration of prepayment levels. In a declining or prolonged low interest rate environment,
United may not be able to reinvest the proceeds from these prepayments in assets that have comparable yields. In a rising rate
environment, the opposite occurs - prepayments tend to slow and the weighted average life extends. This is referred to as extension
risk which can lead to lower levels of liquidity due to the delay of cash receipts and can result in the holding of a below market
yielding asset for a longer period of time. United s asset-backed securities include collateralized loan obligations and
securities backed by student loans. 

Management evaluates its securities portfolio
each quarter to determine if any security is considered to be other than temporarily impaired. In making this evaluation, management
considers its ability and intent to hold securities to recover current market losses. Losses on United s fixed income securities
at June 30, 2016 primarily reflect the effect of changes in interest rates. United did not recognize any other than temporary impairment
losses on its investment securities during the third quarter of 2016 or 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, 25% and 24%, respectively, of the securities portfolio was invested in floating-rate securities or fixed-rate securities
that were swapped to floating rates in order to manage exposure to rising interest rates. 

Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles   

Goodwill represents the premium paid for
acquired companies above the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including separately identifiable intangible
assets. 

Core deposit intangibles, representing
the value of acquired deposit relationships, are amortizing intangible assets that are required to be tested for impairment only
when events or circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. There were no events or circumstances that led management to believe
that any impairment exists in goodwill or other intangible assets. 

Deposits   

United has initiated several programs to
improve core earnings by growing customer transaction deposit accounts and lowering overall pricing on deposit accounts. The programs
were successful in increasing core transaction deposit accounts and allowing for the reduction of more costly time deposit balances.
United s high level of service, as evidenced by its strong customer satisfaction scores, has been instrumental in attracting
and retaining deposits. 

Total customer deposits, excluding brokered
deposits, as of September 30, 2016 were $8.08 billion, compared to $7.53 billion at December 31, 2015. Total core transaction deposits
(demand, NOW, money market and savings deposits, excluding public funds deposits) of $5.85 billion at September 30, 2016 increased
$601 million since December 31, 2015 due to the Tidelands acquisition and the success of core deposit incentive programs. 

Total time deposits, excluding brokered
deposits, as of September 30, 2016 were $1.35 billion, up $66.7 million from December 31, 2015 due to the Tidelands acquisition.
United continued to offer low rates on certificates of deposit, allowing organic balances to decline and shift to lower cost transaction
account deposits. 

Brokered deposits totaled $359 million
as of September 30, 2016, an increase of $20.4 million from December 31, 2015 due to an increase in the balance of lower-cost brokered
money market deposits. 

Borrowing Activities   

The Bank is a shareholder in the Federal
Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ). Through this affiliation, FHLB secured advances totaled $449 million and $430 million,
respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. United anticipates continued use of this short and long-term source
of funds. Additional information regarding FHLB advances is provided in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included
in United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Contractual Obligations   

There have not been any material changes
to United s contractual obligations since December 31, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

United is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of customers. These financial instruments
include commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and financial guarantees. 

A commitment to extend credit is an agreement
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Letters of credit and financial guarantees
are conditional commitments issued to guarantee a customer s performance to a third party and have essentially the same credit
risk as extending loan facilities to customers. Those commitments are primarily issued to local businesses. 

58   

The exposure to credit loss in the event
of nonperformance by the other party to the commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and financial guarantees is represented
by the contractual amount of these instruments. United uses the same credit underwriting procedures for making commitments, letters
of credit and financial guarantees, as it uses for underwriting on-balance sheet instruments. United evaluates each customer s
creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis and the amount of the collateral, if deemed necessary, is based on the credit evaluation.
Collateral held varies, but may include unimproved and improved real estate, certificates of deposit, personal property or other
acceptable collateral. 

All of these instruments involve, to varying
degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The total amount of these instruments
does not necessarily represent future cash requirements because a significant portion of these instruments expire without being
used. United is not involved in off-balance sheet contractual relationships, other than those disclosed in this report, that could
result in liquidity needs or other commitments, or that could significantly affect earnings. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial
statements for additional information on off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity Management  

The absolute level and volatility of interest
rates can have a significant effect on United s profitability. The objective of interest rate risk management is to identify
and manage the sensitivity of net interest revenue to changing interest rates, consistent with United s overall financial
goals. Based on economic conditions, asset quality and various other considerations, management establishes tolerance ranges for
interest rate sensitivity and manages within these ranges. 

United s net interest revenue, and
the fair value of its financial instruments, are influenced by changes in the level of interest rates. United limits its exposure
to fluctuations in interest rates through policies developed by the Asset/Liability Management Committee ( ALCO ) and
approved by the Board of Directors. ALCO meets periodically and has responsibility for formulating and recommending asset/liability
management policies to the Board of Directors, formulating and implementing strategies to improve balance sheet positioning and/or
earnings, and reviewing United s interest rate sensitivity. 

One of the tools management uses to estimate
and manage the sensitivity of net interest revenue to changes in interest rates is an asset/liability simulation model. Resulting
estimates are based upon a number of assumptions for each scenario, including loan and deposit re-pricing characteristics and the
rate of prepayments. ALCO periodically reviews the assumptions for reasonableness based on historical data and future expectations;
however, actual net interest revenue may differ from model results. The primary objective of the simulation model is to measure
the potential change in net interest revenue over time using multiple interest rate scenarios. The base scenario assumes rates
remain flat and is the scenario to which all others are compared in order to measure the change in net interest revenue. Policy
limits are based on immediate rate shock scenarios, as well as gradually rising and falling rate scenarios, which are all compared
to the base scenario. Another commonly analyzed scenario is a most-likely scenario that projects the expected change in rates based
on the slope of the forward yield curve. Other scenarios analyzed may include delayed rate shocks, yield curve steepening or flattening,
or other variations in rate movements. While the primary policy scenarios focus on a twelve month time frame, longer time horizons
are also modeled. 

United s policy is based on the 12-month
impact on net interest revenue of interest rate shocks and ramps that increase from 100 to 400 basis points or decrease 100 basis
points from the base scenario. In the shock scenarios, rates immediately change the full amount at the scenario onset. In the ramp
scenarios, rates change by 25 basis points per month. United s policy limits the projected change in net interest revenue
over the first 12 months to a 5% decrease for each 100 basis point change in the increasing and decreasing rate ramp and shock
scenarios. Historically low rates on September 30, 2016 and 2015 made use of the down scenarios irrelevant. The following table
presents United s interest sensitivity position at the dates indicated. 

Table 13 - Interest Sensitivity  

Interest rate sensitivity is a function
of the re-pricing characteristics of the portfolio of assets and liabilities. These re-pricing characteristics are the time frames
within which the interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are subject to change in interest rates either at replacement,
re-pricing or maturity. Interest rate sensitivity management focuses on the maturity structure of assets and liabilities and their
re-pricing characteristics during periods of changes in market interest rates. Effective interest rate sensitivity management seeks
to ensure that both assets and liabilities respond to changes in interest rates on a net basis within an acceptable timeframe,
thereby minimizing the potentially adverse effect of interest rate changes on net interest revenue. 

59   

United has some discretion in the extent
and timing of deposit re-pricing depending upon the competitive pressures in the markets in which it operates. Changes in the mix
of earning assets or supporting liabilities can either increase or decrease the net interest margin without affecting interest
rate sensitivity. The interest rate spread between an asset and its supporting liability can vary significantly even when the timing
of re-pricing for both the asset and the liability remains the same, due to the two instruments re-pricing according to different
indices. This is commonly referred to as basis risk. 

In order to manage interest rate sensitivity,
United periodically enters into off-balance sheet contracts that are considered derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial
instruments can be a cost-effective and capital-effective means of modifying the re-pricing characteristics of on-balance sheet
assets and liabilities. These contracts generally consist of interest rate swaps under which United pays a variable rate (or fixed
rate, as the case may be) and receives a fixed rate (or variable rate, as the case may be). 

United s derivative financial instruments
that are designated as accounting hedges are classified as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The change in fair value of cash
flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income. Fair value hedges recognize in earnings both the effect of the change
in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument and the offsetting effect of the change in fair value of the hedged asset
or liability associated with the particular risk of that asset or liability being hedged. United has other derivative financial
instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges but are used for interest rate risk management purposes and as effective
economic hedges. Derivative financial instruments that are not accounted for as accounting hedges are marked to market through
earnings. 

In addition to derivative instruments,
United uses a variety of balance sheet instruments to manage interest rate risk such as investment securities, wholesale funding,
and bank-issued deposits. 

From time to time, United will terminate
derivative positions when conditions change and the position is no longer necessary to manage United s overall sensitivity
to changes in interest rates. In those situations where the terminated contract was in an effective hedging relationship at the
time of termination and the hedging relationship is expected to remain effective throughout the original term of the contract,
the resulting gain or loss is amortized over the remaining life of the original contract. For swap contracts, the gain or loss
is amortized over the remaining original contract term using the straight line method of amortization. United expects that $1.21
million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense from other comprehensive income over the next twelve months related
to these terminated cash flow hedges. 

United s policy requires all non-customer
facing derivative financial instruments be used only for asset/liability management through the hedging of specific transactions
or positions, and not for trading or speculative purposes. Management believes that the risk associated with using derivative financial
instruments to mitigate interest rate risk sensitivity is appropriately monitored and controlled and will not have any material
adverse effect on financial condition or results of operations. In order to mitigate potential credit risk, from time to time United
may require the counterparties to derivative contracts to pledge cash and/or securities as collateral to cover the net exposure. 

Liquidity Management  

The objective of liquidity management is
to ensure that sufficient funding is available, at a reasonable cost, to meet ongoing operational cash needs and to take advantage
of revenue producing opportunities as they arise. While the desired level of liquidity will vary depending upon a variety of factors,
it is the primary goal of United to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity in all expected economic environments. To assist in
determining the adequacy of its liquidity, United performs a variety of liquidity stress tests including idiosyncratic, systemic
and combined scenarios for both moderate and severe events. Liquidity is defined as the ability to convert assets into cash or
cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves
maintaining the ability to meet the daily cash flow requirements of customers, both depositors and borrowers. United maintains
an unencumbered liquid asset reserve to help ensure its ability to meet its obligations. The size of the reserve is determined
through short-term severe liquidity stress testing which covers a 30 day period. 

The asset portion of the balance sheet
provides liquidity primarily through loan principal repayments and the maturities and sales of securities, as well as the ability
to use these as collateral for borrowings on a secured basis. The Bank also maintain excess funds in short-term interest-bearing
assets that provide additional liquidity. 

The liability section of the balance sheet
provides liquidity through interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposit accounts. Federal funds purchased, Federal Reserve
short-term borrowings, FHLB advances and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are additional sources of liquidity and
represent United s incremental borrowing capacity. These sources of liquidity are generally short-term in nature and are
used as necessary to fund asset growth and meet other short-term liquidity needs. 

At September 30, 2016, United had cash
and cash equivalent balances of $226 million and had sufficient qualifying collateral to increase FHLB advances by $703 million
and Federal Reserve discount window borrowing capacity of $1.10 billion. United also has the ability to raise substantial funds
through brokered deposits. In addition to these wholesale sources, United has the ability to attract retail deposits by competing
more aggressively on pricing. 

60   

As disclosed in the consolidated statement
of cash flows, net cash provided by operating activities was $84.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net income
of $73.4 million for the nine month period included deferred income tax expense of $45.3 million, and non-cash expenses for the
following: depreciation, amortization and accretion of $22.6 million and stock-based compensation expense of $3.26 million. These
sources of cash from operating activities were offset by an increase in other assets and accrued interest receivable of $41.9 million
and an increase in mortgage loans held for sale of $6.44 million. Net cash used in investing activities of $249 million consisted
primarily of a $454 million net increase in loans, purchases of investment securities available-for-sale totaling $309 million
and purchases of investment securities held-to-maturity of $20.7 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by $50.0 million
in proceeds from maturities and calls of investment securities held-to-maturity, $189 million in proceeds from the sale of investment
securities available-for-sale and $292 million in proceeds from maturities and calls of investment securities available-for-sale.
Net cash provided by financing activities of $150 million consisted primarily of a net increase in deposits of $169 million, partially
offset by $9.99 million for the retirement of preferred stock, $13.7 million for the repurchase of common shares, and $10.1 million
in dividends to common shareholders. In the opinion of management, United s liquidity position at September 30, 2016, was
sufficient to meet its expected cash flow requirements. 

In addition, because United s holding
company is a separate entity and apart from the Bank, it must provide for its own liquidity. United s holding company is
responsible for the payment of dividends declared for its common shareholders, and interest and principal on any outstanding debt
or trust preferred securities. United s holding company currently has internal capital resources to meet these obligations.
While United s holding company has access to the capital markets, the ultimate source of holding company liquidity is subsidiary
service fees and dividends from the Bank, which are limited by applicable law and regulations. 

Capital Resources and Dividends  

Shareholders  equity at September
30, 2016 was $1.08 billion, an increase of $61 million from December 31, 2015 due to year-to-date earnings less dividends declared
and an increase in the value of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by common stock repurchases and the redemption
of Series H preferred stock. Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which includes unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale,
the unrealized gains and losses on derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges and unamortized prior service cost and actuarial
gains and losses on United s modified retirement plan, is excluded in the calculation of regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

The following table shows United s
capital ratios, as calculated under applicable regulatory guidelines, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As of September
30, 2016, United s capital levels remained characterized as  well-capitalized  under the Basel III Capital Rules
in effect at the time. 

Table 14 - Capital Ratios  

  (dollars in thousands)  

United s common stock trades on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol  UCBI . Below is a quarterly schedule of high, low and closing stock prices
and average daily volume for 2016 and 2015. 

Table 15 - Stock Price Information  

61   

Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices  

A bank s asset and liability structure
is substantially different from that of an industrial firm in that primarily all assets and liabilities of a bank are monetary
in nature with relatively little investment in fixed assets or inventories. Inflation has an important effect on the growth of
total assets and the resulting need to increase equity capital at higher than normal rates in order to maintain an appropriate
equity to assets ratio. 

Management believes the effect of inflation
on financial results depends on United's ability to react to changes in interest rates, and by such reaction, reduce the inflationary
effect on performance. United has an asset/liability management program to manage interest rate sensitivity. In addition, periodic
reviews of banking services and products are conducted to adjust pricing in view of current and expected costs. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk  

There have been no material changes in
United s market risk as of September 30, 2016 from that presented in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. The interest rate sensitivity position at September 30, 2016 is included in management s discussion and analysis
on page 59 of this report. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

United s management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, supervised and participated in an evaluation of United s disclosure
controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on, and as of the date of that evaluation, United s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective in accumulating and
communicating information to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures of that information under the SEC s rules and forms and that the disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted
by United under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. 

There were no significant changes in the
internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation. 

62   

Part II.    Other Information  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings  

In the ordinary course of operations, United
and the Bank are defendants in various legal proceedings. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, United and the Bank
are subject to regulatory examinations and investigations. Based on our current knowledge and advice of counsel, in the opinion
of management there is no such pending or threatened legal matter which would result in a material adverse change in the consolidated
financial condition or results of operations of United. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes from
the risk factors previously disclosed in United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

On March 22, 2016, United announced that
its Board of Directors had authorized a program to repurchase up to $50 million of United s outstanding common stock through
December 31, 2017. Under the program, the shares may be repurchased periodically in open market transactions at prevailing market
prices, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The actual timing,
number and value of shares repurchased under the program depends on a number of factors, including the market price of United s
common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal requirements. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining
authorization was $36.3 million. 

The following table contains information
for shares repurchased during the third quarter of 2016. 

Item 3.    Defaults upon Senior Securities   None  

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures   None  

Item 5.    Other Information   None  

63   

Item 6.    Exhibits  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

31.1  
       
      Certification by Jimmy C. Tallent, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Community Banks, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
       
      Certification by Rex S. Schuette, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Community Banks, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32  
       
      Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

64   

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.     

/s/ Jimmy C. Tallent     

Jimmy C. Tallent   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ Rex S. Schuette     

Rex S. Schuette   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

/s/ Alan H. Kumler     

Alan H. Kumler   

Senior Vice President and 
         Chief Accounting Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date:  November 4, 2016  

65   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600695_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

I, Jimmy C. Tallent, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of United Community Banks, Inc. (the  Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d -
15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter  (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report)  that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

By:  
        /s/ Jimmy C. Tallent     

Jimmy C. Tallent 
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant   

Date:   November 4, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600695_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

I, Rex S. Schuette, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of United Community Banks, Inc. (the  Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d -
15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter  (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report)  that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

By:  
        /s/ Rex S. Schuette     

Rex S. Schuette 
         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant   

Date:   November 4, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1600695_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of United Community Banks, Inc. ( United ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jimmy C. Tallent, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of United, and I, Rex S. Schuette, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of United.   

By:  
        /s/ Jimmy C. Tallent     

Jimmy C. Tallent   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

By:  
        /s/ Rex S. Schuette     

Rex S. Schuette   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

Date:   November 4, 2016   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ucbi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ucbi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ucbi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ucbi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ucbi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ucbi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

