<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-Q_edgar_data_1040470_0001654954-16-002857_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2841471</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94141</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>168276</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>878028</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>966655</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>662171</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-002857.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014160921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-002857
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AEHR TEST SYSTEMS
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001040470
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				942424084
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22893
		FILM NUMBER:		161937187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 KATO TERRACE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94539
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5106239400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 KATO TERRACE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94539

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-002857.txt : 20161014

10-Q
 1
 aehr_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

FORM
10-Q 

/X/
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016 

OR 

/ /
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to __________ 

Commission file
number: 000-22893 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(510)
623-9400 

(Registrant's
telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports  
 required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of    1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period as the  
 registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
 such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

Yes
 X   
   No ___ 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). 

Yes
 X   
   No ___ 

1 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large
accelerated filer     ---                                
Accelerated filer    ---  

Non-accelerated
filer  ---                                   
Smaller reporting company  X  

(Do not
check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 
___    No
 X  

Number
of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value,
outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was 16,356,481. 

2 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

FORM
10-Q 

FOR THE
QUARTER ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016 

INDEX 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016 

4  

Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2016
and 2015 

5  

Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Three Months
Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 

6  

Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2016
and 2015 

7  

Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

8  

ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

18  

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risks. 

23  

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 

23  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 

24  

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

24  

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds 

31  

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

31  

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

31  

ITEM 5. Other Information 

31  

ITEM 6. Exhibits 

31  

SIGNATURES 

32  

Index to Exhibits 

33  

3 

PART I.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1 .  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in
thousands, except per share data) 

(unaudited) 

(1) 

  The condensed
consolidated balance sheet at May 31, 2016 has been derived 
 from
the audited consolidated financial statements at that
date. 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these 

condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

4 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in
thousands, except per share data) 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these  

  condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

5 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

(in
thousands, unaudited) 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these  

  condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

6 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in
thousands) 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these  

  condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

7 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

1.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The
accompanying financial information has been prepared by Aehr Test
Systems, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Certain information
and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (GAAP) have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. 

In
the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements for the interim periods presented have been
prepared on a basis consistent with the May 31, 2016 audited
consolidated financial statements and reflect all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair
presentation of the condensed consolidated financial position and
results of operations as of and for such periods indicated. These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto should be read in conjunction with the condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May
31, 2016. Results for the interim periods presented herein are not
necessarily indicative of results which may be reported for any
other interim period or for the entire fiscal year. 

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION. The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Aehr Test Systems and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the "Company," "we," "us," and "our"). All
significant intercompany balances have been eliminated in
consolidation. For our majority owned subsidiary, Aehr Test Systems
Japan K.K., we reflected the noncontrolling interest of the portion
we do not own on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in
Shareholders  Deficit and in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

ACCOUNTING
ESTIMATES. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Estimates are used to account
for sales and revenue allowances, the allowance for doubtful
accounts, inventory valuations, income taxes, stock-based
compensation expenses, and product warranties, among others. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those
estimates. 

SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES. The Company s significant accounting
policies are disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016.   There have been no
changes in our significant accounting policies during the three
months ended August 31, 2016. 

2.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

Stock-based
compensation expense consists of expenses for stock options,
restricted stock units, or RSUs, and employee stock purchase plan,
or ESPP, purchase rights. Stock-based compensation cost for stock
options and ESPP purchase rights are measured at each grant date,
based on the fair value of the award using the Black-Scholes option
valuation model, and is recognized as expense over the
employee s requisite service period. This model was developed
for use in estimating the value of publicly traded options that
have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. The
Company s employee stock options have characteristics
significantly different from those of publicly traded options. For
RSUs, stock-based compensation cost is based on the fair value of
the Company s common stock at the grant date. All of the
Company s stock-based compensation is accounted for as an
equity instrument. See Notes 10 and 11 in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 filed on August 29, 2016
for further information regarding the stock option plan and the
ESPP. 

8 

The
following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense
related to the Company s stock-based incentive plans for the
three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in
thousands): 

As
of August 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no stock-based compensation
costs capitalized as part of inventory. 

During
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recorded stock-based compensation related to stock options and RSUs
of $279,000 and $286,000, respectively. 

As
of August 31, 2016, the total compensation cost related to unvested
stock-based awards under the Company s 1996 Stock Option Plan
and 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, but not yet recognized, was
approximately $1,258,000, which is net of estimated forfeitures of
$3,000. This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a
weighted average period of approximately 2.5 years. 

During
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recorded stock-based compensation related to the ESPP of $40,000
and $33,000, respectively. 

As
of August 31, 2016, the total compensation cost related to purchase
rights under the ESPP but not yet recognized was approximately
$98,000. This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over
a weighted average period of approximately 1.1 years. 

Valuation Assumptions 

Valuation
and Amortization Method. The Company estimates the fair value of
stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option valuation
model and a single option award approach. The fair value under the
single option approach is amortized on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the
vesting period. 

Expected
Term. The Company s expected term represents the period that
the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be
outstanding and was determined based on historical experience,
giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based
awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee
behavior as evidenced by changes to the terms of its stock-based
awards. 

Expected
Volatility. Volatility is a measure of the amounts by which a
financial variable such as stock price has fluctuated (historical
volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility)
during a period. The Company uses the historical volatility for the
past four or five years, which matches the expected term of most of
the option grants, to estimate expected volatility. Volatility for
each of the ESPP s four time periods of six months, twelve
months, eighteen months, and twenty-four months is calculated
separately and included in the overall stock-based compensation
cost recorded. 

9 

Dividends.
The Company has never paid any cash dividends on its common stock
and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. Consequently, the Company uses an expected
dividend yield of zero in the Black-Scholes option valuation
model. 

Risk-Free
Interest Rate. The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used
in the Black-Scholes option valuation model on the implied yield in
effect at the time of option grant on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
issues with a remaining term equivalent to the expected term of the
stock awards including the ESPP. 

Estimated
Forfeitures. When estimating forfeitures, the Company considers
voluntary termination behavior as well as analysis of actual option
forfeitures. 

Fair
Value. The fair value of the Company s stock options granted
to employees for the three months ended August 31, 2016 were
estimated using the following weighted average assumptions in the
Black-Scholes option valuation model: 

There
were no stock options granted to employees for the three months
ended August 31, 2015. 

During
the three months ended August 31, 2016, RSUs were granted for
138,000 shares. The market value on the date of the grant was $1.68
per share. 

There were no ESPP purchase rights granted
to employees for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and
2015 . 

The
following tables summarize the Company s stock option and RSU
transactions during three months ended August 31, 2016 (in
thousands): 

10 

The following table summarizes the stock option
transactions during the three months ended August 31, 2016 (in
thousands, except per share data): 

The
options outstanding and exercisable at August 31, 2016 were in the
following exercise price ranges (in thousands, except per share
data): 

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during the three months
ended August 31, 2016 was $52,000. The total intrinsic value of
options exercised during the three months ended August 31, 2015 was
$60,000. The weighted average remaining contractual life of the
options exercisable and expected to be exercisable at August 31,
2016 was 4.21 years. 

3.
EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic
earnings per share is determined using the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is determined using the weighted average number of common
shares and potential common shares (representing the dilutive
effect of stock options, RSUs, and employee stock purchase plan
shares) outstanding during the period using the treasury stock
method. 

The
following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net
loss per share attributable to Aehr Test Systems common
shareholders (in thousands, except per share data): 

11 

For
the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share, the weighted
average number of potential common shares does not include stock
options with an exercise price greater than the average fair value
of the Company s common stock for the period, as the effect
would be anti-dilutive. In the three months ended August 31, 2016,
potential common shares have not been included in the calculation
of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive.
As such, the numerator and the denominator used in computing both
basic and diluted net loss per share for this period are the same.
Stock options to purchase 3,382,000 shares of common stock, RSUs
for 74,000 shares and ESPP rights to purchase 304,000 ESPP shares
were outstanding as of August 31, 2016 but were not included in the
computation of diluted net loss per share, because the inclusion of
such shares would be anti-dilutive. Stock options to purchase
1,371,000 shares of common stock and ESPP rights to purchase
175,000 ESPP shares were outstanding as of August 31, 2015, but
were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share,
because the inclusion of such shares would be
anti-dilutive. 

4. FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The
Company s financial instruments are measured at fair value
consistent with authoritative guidance. This authoritative guidance
defines fair value, establishes a framework for using fair value to
measure assets and liabilities, and disclosures required related to
fair value measurements. 

The
guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy based on inputs to
valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value that are
either observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect
assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability based on market data obtained from independent sources
while unobservable inputs reflect a reporting entity s
pricing based upon their own market assumptions. The fair value
hierarchy consists of the following three levels: 

Level 1
- instrument valuations are obtained from real-time quotes for
transactions in active exchange markets involving identical
assets. 

Level 2
- instrument valuations are obtained from readily-available pricing
sources for comparable instruments. 

Level 3
- instrument valuations are obtained without observable market
values and require a high level of judgment to determine the fair
value. 

12 

The
following table summarizes the Company s financial assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of August 31, 2016
(in thousands): 

The
following table summarizes the Company s financial assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of May 31, 2016 (in
thousands): 

There
were no financial liabilities measured at fair value as of August
31, 2016 and May 31, 2016. 

There
were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value
measurements during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and May
31, 2016. 

The
carrying amounts of financial instruments including cash, cash
equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and certain other
accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due to their short
maturities. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the
Company for loans with similar terms, the carrying value of the
debt approximates the fair value. 

The
Company has, at times, invested in debt and equity of private
companies, and may do so again in the future, as part of its
business strategy. 

5.
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET 

Accounts receivable
represents customer trade receivables and is presented net of
allowance for doubtful accounts of $28,000 at August 31, 2016 and
$8,000 at May 31, 2016. Accounts receivable are derived from
the sale of products throughout the world to semiconductor
manufacturers, semiconductor contract assemblers, electronics
manufacturers and burn-in and test service companies. The
Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon
historical experience and review of trade receivables by aging
category to identify specific customers with known disputes or
collection issues. Uncollectible receivables are recorded as bad
debt expense when all efforts to collect have been exhausted and
recoveries are recognized when they are received. 

6.
INVENTORIES 

Inventories
are comprised of the following (in thousands): 

13 

7.
SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The
Company operates in one reportable segment: the design, manufacture
and marketing of advanced test and burn-in products to the
semiconductor manufacturing industry. 

The
following presents information about the Company s operations
in different geographic areas. Net sales are based upon ship-to
location (in thousands). 

The
Company s Japanese and German subsidiaries primarily comprise
the foreign operations. Substantially all of the sales of the
subsidiaries are made to unaffiliated Japanese or European
customers. Net sales from outside the United States include those
of Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K. and Aehr Test Systems
GmbH. 

Sales
to the Company s five largest customers accounted for
approximately 93% and 96% of its net sales for the three months
ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Three customers
accounted for approximately 42%, 27% and 17% of the Company s
net sales in the three months ended August 31, 2016. Two customers
accounted for approximately 67% and 11% of the Company s net
sales in the three months ended August 31, 2015. No other customers
represented more than 10% of the Company's net sales for either of
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

8.
PRODUCT WARRANTIES 

The
Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at
the time revenues are recognized on the products shipped. While the
Company engages in extensive product quality programs and
processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality
of its component suppliers, the Company s warranty obligation
is affected by product failure rates, material usage and service
delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure. Should
actual product failure rates, material usage or service delivery
costs differ from the Company s estimates, revisions to the
estimated warranty liability would be required. 

The
standard warranty period is one year for systems and ninety days
for parts and service. 

14 

The
following is a summary of changes in the Company's liability for
product warranties during the three months ended August 31, 2016
and 2015 (in thousands): 

The
accrued warranty balance is included in accrued expenses on the
accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

9.
INCOME TAXES 

Income
taxes have been provided using the liability method whereby
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
effect when the differences are expected to reverse or the
carryforwards are utilized. Valuation allowances are established
when it is determined that it is more likely than not that such
assets will not be realized. 

Since
fiscal 2009, a full valuation allowance was established against all
deferred tax assets as management determined that it is more likely
than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be
realized. 

The
Company accounts for uncertain tax positions consistent with
authoritative guidance. The guidance prescribes a  more
likely than not  recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
The Company does not expect any material change in its unrecognized
tax benefits over the next twelve months. The Company recognizes
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a
component of income taxes. 

Although the
Company files U.S. federal, various state, and foreign tax returns,
the Company s only major tax jurisdictions are the United
States, California, Germany and Japan. Tax years 1997 - 2016 remain
subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies due
to tax loss carryovers from those years. 

10.
CUSTOMER DEPOSITS AND DEFERRED REVENUE, SHORT-TERM 

Customer
deposits and deferred revenue, short-term (in
thousands): 

15 

11.
LONG-TERM DEBT 

On
April 10, 2015, the Company entered into a Convertible Note
Purchase and Credit Facility Agreement (the  Purchase
Agreement ) with QVT Fund LP and Quintessence Fund L.P. (the
 Purchasers ) providing for (a) the Company s
sale to the Purchasers of $4,110,000 in aggregate principal amount
of 9.0% Convertible Secured Notes due 2017 (the  Convertible
Notes ) and (b) a secured revolving loan facility (the
 Credit Facility ) in an aggregate principal amount of
up to $2,000,000. On August 22, 2016 the Purchase Agreement was
amended to extend the maturity date of the Convertible Notes to
April 10, 2019, decrease the conversion price from $2.65 per share
to $2.30 per share, decrease the forced conversion price from $7.50
per share to $6.51 per share, and allow for additional equity
awards. 

The
Convertible Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 9.0% and will
mature on April 10, 2019 unless repurchased or converted prior to
that date. Interest is payable quarterly on March 1, June 1,
September 1 and December 1 of each year. Debt issuance costs of
$356,000, which is being accreted over the term of the original
loan using the effective interest rate method, were offset against
the loan balance. During three months ended August 31, 2016,
$44,000 of amortization costs was recognized as interest expense.
Unamortized debt issuance costs of $104,000 were offset against the
loan balance at August 31, 2016. 

The
conversion price for the Convertible Notes is $2.30 per share of
the Company s common stock and is subject to adjustment upon
the occurrence of certain specified events (as adjusted, the
 Conversion Price ). Holders may convert all or any
part of the principal amount of their Convertible Notes in
integrals of $10,000 at any time prior to the maturity date. Upon
conversion, the Company will deliver shares of its common stock to
the holder of Convertible Notes electing such conversion. The
Company may not redeem the Convertible Notes prior to
maturity. 

On
April 14, 2016, $900,000 drawn against the Credit Facility was
converted to Convertible Notes. On July 17, 2016, $1,100,000 drawn
against the Credit Facility was converted to Convertible Notes. At
August 31, 2016 there was no remaining balance on the Credit
Facility. 

The
Company s obligations under the Purchase Agreement are
secured by substantially all of the assets of the
Company. 

Long-term
debt, net of debt issuance costs (in thousands): 

12.
EQUITY 

On August 8, 2016 the Company issued
200,000 shares of its common stock to Semics Inc., a semiconductor
test equipment provider that produces fully automatic wafer probe
systems, in consideration for cancellation of an outstanding
invoice of $323,000 for capital equipment. 

13.
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In
May 2014, as part of its ongoing efforts to assist in the
convergence of US GAAP and International Financial Reporting
Standards ( IFRS ), the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606).  The new guidance sets forth a new
five-step revenue recognition model which replaces the prior
revenue recognition guidance in its entirety and is intended to
eliminate numerous industry-specific pieces of revenue recognition
guidance that have historically existed in US GAAP. The underlying
principle of the new standard is that a business or other
organization will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. The standard
also requires more detailed disclosures and provides additional
guidance for transactions that were not addressed completely in the
prior accounting guidance. The ASU provides alternative methods of
initial adoption and will become effective for us beginning in the
first quarter of fiscal 2019. The FASB has issued several updates
to the standard which i) defer the original effective date from
January 1, 2017 to January 1, 2018, while allowing for early
adoption as of January 1, 2017 (ASU 2015-14). ii) clarify the
application of the principal versus agent guidance (ASU 2016-08).
and iii) clarify the guidance on inconsequential and perfunctory
promises and licensing (ASU 2016-10). In May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , to
address certain narrow aspects of the guidance including
collectibility criterion, collection of sales taxes from customers,
noncash consideration, contract modifications and completed
contracts. This issuance does not change the core principle of the
guidance in the initial topic issued in May 2014. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new guidance on
its consolidated financial statements. 

16 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Going
Concern. This standard requires management to evaluate the
conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the
entity s ability to continue as a going concern and whether
or not it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its
obligations as they become due within one year after the date the
financial statements are issued. The new standard will apply to all
entities and will be effective for us in fiscal year 2017, with
early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting this new guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory. This
standard requires management to measure inventory at the lower of
cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated
selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. This
new standard will be effective for us in fiscal year 2018, with
early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting this new guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
November 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes. This
standard simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes to be
classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. This
new standard will be effective for us in fiscal year 2018, with
early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting this new guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. This standard
requires management to present all leases greater than one year on
the balance sheet as a liability to make payments and an asset as
the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. This new
standard will be effective for us in fiscal year 2020, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this new guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
January 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. This
standard changes accounting for equity investments, financial
liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and
disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition, it
clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment
when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized
losses on available-for-sale debt securities. ASU 2016-01 is
effective for us in fiscal year 2020. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance
on its consolidated financial statements. 

17 

In
March 2016, FASB released ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock
Compensation. The standard simplifies several aspects of the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the
income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement
of cash flows. The accounting standard will be effective for the
Company beginning the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this new guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

14.
SUBSEQUENT EVENT: 

On
September 28, 2016, the Company sold 2,721,540 shares of its common
stock in a private placement transaction with certain institutional
and accredited investors. The purchase price per share of the
common stock sold in the private placement was $2.15, resulting in
gross proceeds to the Company of $5,851,000, before offering
expenses. The net proceeds after offering expenses were
$5,389,000. 

Item 2.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the
related notes that appear elsewhere in this report and with our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016
and the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto. 

In
addition to historical information, this report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements in this
report, including those made by the management of Aehr Test
Systems, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements. These statements typically may be
identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as
"believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "should," "planned,"
"estimated," and "potential," among others and include, but are not
limited to, statements concerning our expectations regarding our
operations, business, strategies, prospects, revenues, expenses,
costs and resources. These forward-looking statements are subject
to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated results or
other expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in this report and other
factors beyond our control, and in particular, the risks discussed
in  Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors  and those discussed
in other documents we file with the SEC. All forward-looking
statements included in this document are based on our current
expectations, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly
release the results of any revision to these forward-looking
statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements. 

OVERVIEW 

The
Company was founded in 1977 to develop and manufacture burn-in and
test equipment for the semiconductor industry. Since its inception,
the Company has sold more than 2,500 systems to semiconductor
manufacturers, semiconductor contract assemblers and burn-in and
test service companies worldwide. The Company s principal
products currently are the Advanced Burn-in and Test System, or
ABTS, the FOX full wafer contact parallel test and burn-in system,
the MAX burn-in system, WaferPak contactors, the DiePak carrier and
test fixtures. 

18 

The
Company s net sales consist primarily of sales of systems,
WaferPak contactors, test fixtures, die carriers, upgrades and
spare parts, revenues from service contracts, and engineering
development charges. The Company's selling arrangements may include
contractual customer acceptance provisions, which are mostly deemed
perfunctory or inconsequential, and installation of the product
occurs after shipment and transfer of title. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

The
Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition
and results of operations are based upon the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
condensed consolidated financial statements requires the Company to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to
customer programs and incentives, product returns, bad debts,
inventories, income taxes, financing operations, warranty
obligations, and long-term service contracts. The Company s
estimates are derived from historical experience and on various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Those results form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a
discussion of the critical accounting policies, see  Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016. 

There
have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies
and estimates during the three months ended August 31, 2016
compared to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016. 

19 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The
following table sets forth items in the Company s unaudited
condensed consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of
net sales for the periods indicated. 

THREE
MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016 COMPARED TO THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST
31, 2015 

NET
SALES. Net sales decreased to $5.3 million for the three months
ended August 31, 2016 from $6.6 million for the three months ended
August 31, 2015, a decrease of 19.8%. The decrease in net sales for
the three months ended August 31, 2016 was primarily due to the
decrease in net sales of the Company s wafer-level products,
partially offset by an increase in net sales of the Company s
Test During Burn-in (TDBI) products. Net sales of the
Company s wafer-level products for the three months ended
August 31, 2016 were $2.7 million, and decreased approximately $2.5
million from the three months ended August 31, 2015. Net sales of
the TDBI products for the three months ended August 31, 2016 were
$2.6 million, and increased approximately $1.2 million from the
three months ended August 31, 2015. 

GROSS
PROFIT. Gross profit consists of net sales less cost of sales. Cost
of sales consists primarily of the cost of materials, assembly and
test costs, and overhead from operations. Gross profit decreased to
$2.2 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016 from $3.4
million for the three months ended August 31, 2015, a decrease of
approximately 34.8%. Gross profit margin, the percentage of gross
profit to net sales, decreased to 41.5% for the three months ended
August 31, 2016 from 51.0% for the three months ended August 31,
2015. The higher gross profit margin for the three months ended
August 31, 2015 was primarily due to sales of certain systems which
included previously written-down material. 

20 

SELLING,
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE. Selling, general and administrative, or
SG A, expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs
of employees, commission expenses to independent sales
representatives, product promotion and other professional services.
SG A expenses decreased to $1.7 million for the three months
ended August 31, 2016 from $1.8 million for the three months ended
August 31, 2015, a decrease of 7.0%. The decrease in SG A
expenses was primarily due to the decrease in sales commission to
outside sales representatives. 

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT. Research and development, or R D, expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related costs of employees
engaged in ongoing research, design and development activities,
costs of engineering materials and supplies, and professional
consulting expenses. R D expenses stayed flat at $1.1 million
for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

INTEREST
EXPENSE. Interest expense was $178,000 for the three months ended
August 31, 2016 compared with $135,000 for the three months ended
August 31, 2015. The increase in interest expense in the three
months ended August 31, 2016 was primarily due to expenses related
to the convertible debt financing. 

OTHER
EXPENSE, NET. Other expense, net was $3,000 for the three months
ended August 31, 2016, compared with other expense, net of $24,000
for the three months ended August 31, 2015. The change in other
expense was primarily due to losses realized in connection with the
fluctuation in the value of the dollar compared to foreign
currencies during the referenced periods. 

INCOME
TAX EXPENSE. Income tax expense was $4,000 for the three months
ended August 31, 2016, compared with an income tax expense of
$23,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2015. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 million for the
three months ended August 31, 2016 and cash used in operating
activities was $2.1 million for the three months ended August 31,
2015. For the three months ended August 31, 2016, net cash provided
by operating activities was primarily the result of increases in
customer deposits and deferred revenue of $0.9 million and accounts
payable of $0.7 million and decrease in inventories of $1.4
million. This was partially offset by an increase in accounts
receivable of $1.3 million and the net loss of $0.8 million as
adjusted to exclude the effect of non-cash charges of stock-based
compensation expense of $0.3 million. The increase in customer
deposits and deferred revenue was primarily due to the receipt of
additional down payments from certain customers. The increase in
accounts payable was primarily due to higher expenditures
associated with higher revenue. The decrease in inventories is
primarily due to the sales of systems on-hand at the beginning of
the period. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due
to an increase in sales. For the three months ended August 31,
2015, net cash used in operating activities was primarily the
result of a decrease in customer deposits and deferred revenue of
$2.8 million, and an increase in accounts receivable of $1.3
million. This was partially offset by an increase in accounts
payables of $1.1 million, accrued liabilities of $0.5 million, and
net income of $0.3 million, as adjusted to exclude the effect of
non-cash charge of stock-based compensation expense of $0.3
million. The decrease in customer deposits and deferred revenue was
primarily due to the shipments of customer orders with down
payments. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to
an increase in sales. The increase in accounts payable was
primarily due to higher expenditures associated with higher
revenue. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was $21,000 each for the three
months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. Net cash used in investing
activities was due to purchases of property and
equipment. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $94,000 and $223,000 for
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net
cash provided by financing activities during the three months ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to proceeds from the
exercise of stock options. 

21 

The
effect of fluctuation in exchange rates provided cash of $86,000
and $20,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The change in cash provided was due to the
fluctuation in the value of the dollar compared to foreign
currencies. 

As
of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the Company had working
capital of $4.5 million and $4.1 million, respectively. Working
capital consists of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
inventory and other current assets, less current
liabilities. 

The
Company leases its manufacturing and office space under operating
leases. The Company entered into a non-cancelable operating lease
agreement for its United States manufacturing and office
facilities, which was renewed in November 2014 and expires in June
2018. Under the lease agreement, the Company is responsible for
payments of utilities, taxes and insurance. 

From
time to time, the Company evaluates potential acquisitions of
businesses, products or technologies that complement the
Company s business. If consummated, any such transactions may
use a portion of the Company s working capital or require the
issuance of equity. The Company has no present understandings,
commitments or agreements with respect to any material
acquisitions. 

The
Company anticipates that the existing cash balance together with
income from operations, collections of existing accounts
receivable, revenue from our existing backlog of products, the sale
of inventory on hand, and deposits and down payments against
significant orders will be adequate to meet its short-term working
capital and capital equipment requirements. On August 22, 2016, the
Company extended the maturity date of its 9.0% Convertible Secured
Notes due 2017 (the  Convertible Notes ) to April 10,
2019 which improves our ability to meet current liabilities for
fiscal 2017. On September 28, 2016, the Company sold 2,721,540
shares of its common stock in a private placement transaction
resulting in net proceeds after offering expenses of $5,389,000 to
the Company. Refer to Note 14,  SUBSEQUENT EVENT .
Depending on our rate of growth and profitability, and our ability
to obtain significant orders with down payments, the Company may
require additional equity or debt financing to meet its working
capital requirements or capital equipment needs. There can be no
assurance that additional financing will be available when
required, or if available, that such financing can be obtained on
terms satisfactory to the Company. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

The
Company has not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements and has not established any variable interest
entities. 

OVERVIEW
OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

On
April 10, 2015, the Company entered into a Convertible Note
Purchase and Credit Facility Agreement providing for the
Company s sale of the Convertible Notes and a secured
revolving loan facility. On August 22, 2016, the Company entered
into an amendment to the Convertible Note Purchase and Credit
Facility Agreement and the Convertible Notes to extend the maturity
date of the Convertible Notes to April 10, 2019. See Note 11,
 LONG-TERM DEBT , for a description of the Convertible
Note Purchase and Credit Facility Agreement and the Convertible
Notes. 

There
have been no additional material changes in the composition,
magnitude or other key characteristics of the Company's contractual
obligations or other commitments as disclosed in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,
2016. 

22 

Item 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISKS 

The
Company had no holdings of derivative financial or commodity
instruments as of August 31, 2016 or May 31, 2016. 

The
Company is exposed to financial market risks, including changes in
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
only invests its short-term excess cash in government-backed
securities with maturities of 18 months or less. The Company does
not use any financial instruments for speculative or trading
purposes. Fluctuations in interest rates would not have a material
effect on the Company s financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. 

A
majority of the Company s revenue and capital spending is
transacted in U.S. Dollars. The Company, however, enters into
transactions in other currencies, primarily Euros and Japanese Yen.
Since the price is determined at the time a purchase order is
accepted, the Company is exposed to the risks of fluctuations in
the foreign currency-U.S. Dollar exchange rates during the lengthy
period from purchase order to ultimate payment. This exchange rate
risk is partially offset to the extent that the Company s
subsidiaries incur expenses payable in their local currency. To
date, the Company has not invested in instruments designed to hedge
currency risks. In addition, the Company s subsidiaries
typically carry debt or other obligations due to the Company that
may be denominated in either their local currency or U.S. Dollars.
Since the Company s subsidiaries  financial statements
are based in their local currency and the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements are based in U.S. Dollars, the
Company s subsidiaries and the Company recognize foreign
exchange gains or losses in any period in which the value of the
local currency rises or falls in relation to the U.S. Dollar. A 10%
decrease in the value of the subsidiaries  local currency as
compared with the U.S. Dollar would not be expected to result in a
significant change to the Company s net income or loss. There
have been no material changes in our risk exposure since the end of
the last fiscal year, nor are any material changes to our risk
exposure anticipated. 

Item 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

EVALUATION
OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Our management evaluated,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or
submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management as
appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING. There was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that occurred
during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

INHERENT
LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL CONTROLS. Our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not
expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within us have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by
management override of the control. The design of any system of
controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all
potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected. 

23 

PART II
- OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below. These risks
are not the only risks that we may face. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently deem
immaterial, also may become important factors that affect us. If
any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition
or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected
which could cause our actual operating results to differ materially
from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements
made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in other documents
we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
including without limitation our most recently filed Annual Report
on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to
time. 

If we are not able to reduce our operating expenses sufficiently
during periods of weak revenue, or if we utilize significant
amounts of cash to support operating losses, we may erode our cash
resources and may not have sufficient cash to operate our
business. 

In
recent years, in the face of a downturn in our business and a
decline in our net sales, we implemented a variety of cost controls
and restructured our operations with the goal of reducing our
operating costs to position ourselves to more effectively meet the
needs of the then weak market for test and burn-in equipment. While
we took significant steps to minimize our expense levels and to
increase the likelihood that we would have sufficient cash to
support operations during the downturn, from fiscal 2009 through
fiscal 2016, with the exception of fiscal 2014, we experienced
operating losses. The Company anticipates that the existing cash
balance together with income from operations, collections of
existing accounts receivable, revenue from our existing backlog of
products, the sale of inventory on hand, and deposits and down
payments against significant orders will be adequate to meet its
short-term working capital and capital equipment requirements. The
Company extended the maturity date of its 9.0% Convertible Secured
Notes due 2017 (the  Convertible Notes ) to April 10,
2019 which improves our ability to meet current liabilities for
fiscal 2017. Refer to Note 11 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements,  LONG-TERM DEBT  for further
discussion of the Convertible Notes. Depending on our rate of
growth and profitability, and our ability to obtain significant
orders with down payments, we may require additional equity or debt
financing to meet our working capital requirements or capital
equipment needs. There can be no assurance that additional
financing will be available when required, or if available, that
such financing can be obtained on terms satisfactory to the
Company. 

Our common stock may be delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market if
we cannot maintain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing
requirements. 

In
order to maintain our listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market, we are
required to maintain compliance with NASDAQ s continued
listing requirements. The continued listing requirements include,
among others, a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share and any of:
(i) a minimum stockholders  equity of $2.5 million; (ii) a
market value of listed securities of at least $35 million; or (iii)
net income from continuing operations of $500,000 in the most
recently completed fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal
years. There are no assurances that we will be able to sustain
long-term compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing
requirements. On April 19, 2016 the Company was notified by NASDAQ
that it was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ s continued
listing requirements as we did not have a minimum
stockholders  equity of $2.5 million. On October 3, 2016, the
Company was notified by NASDAQ that the Company had regained
compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements. If
we fail to maintain compliance with the applicable NASDAQ continued
listing requirements, our stock may be delisted. 

24 

If
we are delisted, we would expect our common stock to be traded in
the over-the-counter market, which could make trading our common
stock more difficult for investors, potentially leading to declines
in our share price and liquidity. Delisting from The NASDAQ Capital
Market would also constitute an event of default under our
Convertible Notes. In addition, delisting could result in negative
publicity and make it more difficult for us to raise additional
capital. 

We rely on increasing market acceptance for our FOX system, and we
may not be successful in attracting new customers or maintaining
our existing customers. 

A
principal element of our business strategy is to increase our
presence in the test equipment market through system sales in our
FOX wafer-level test and burn-in product family. The FOX system is
designed to simultaneously functionally test and burn-in all of the
die on a wafer on a single touchdown. The market for the FOX
systems is in the early stages of development. Market acceptance of
the FOX system is subject to a number of risks. Before a customer
will incorporate the FOX system into a production line, lengthy
qualification and correlation tests must be performed. We
anticipate that potential customers may be reluctant to change
their procedures in order to transfer burn-in and test functions to
the FOX system. Initial purchases are expected to be limited to
systems used for these qualifications and for engineering studies.
Market acceptance of the FOX system also may be affected by a
reluctance of IC manufacturers to rely on relatively small
suppliers such as us. As is common with new complex products
incorporating leading-edge technologies, we may encounter
reliability, design and manufacturing issues as we begin volume
production and initial installations of FOX systems at customer
sites. The failure of the FOX system to achieve increased market
acceptance would have a material adverse effect on our future
operating results, long-term prospects and our stock
price. 

The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive. In
each of the markets it serves, the Company faces competition from
established competitors and potential new entrants, many of which
have greater financial, engineering, manufacturing and marketing
resources than the Company. 

The
Company s FOX full wafer contact systems face competition
from larger systems manufacturers that have significant
technological know-how and manufacturing capability. The
Company s ABTS Test During Burn-in (TDBI) systems have faced
and are expected to continue to face increasingly severe
competition, especially from several regional, low-cost
manufacturers and from systems manufacturers that offer higher
power dissipation per device under test. Some users of such
systems, such as independent test labs, build their own burn-in
systems, while others, particularly large IC manufacturers in Asia,
acquire burn-in systems from captive or affiliated suppliers. The
Company s WaferPak products are facing and are expected to
face increasing competition. Several companies have developed or
are developing full-wafer and single-touchdown probe
cards. 

The
Company expects its competitors to continue to improve the
performance of their current products and to introduce new products
with improved price and performance characteristics. New product
introductions by the Company s competitors or by new market
entrants could cause a decline in sales or loss of market
acceptance of the Company s products. The Company has
observed price competition in the systems market, particularly with
respect to its less advanced products. Increased competitive
pressure could also lead to intensified price-based competition,
resulting in lower prices which could adversely affect the
Company s operating margins and results. The Company believes
that to remain competitive it must invest significant financial
resources in new product development and expand its customer
service and support worldwide. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to compete successfully in the
future. 

25 

We rely on continued market acceptance of our ABTS system and our
ability to complete certain enhancements. 

Continued
market acceptance of the ABTS family, first introduced in fiscal
2008, is subject to a number of risks. It is important that we
achieve customer acceptance, customer satisfaction and increased
market acceptance as we add new features and enhancements to the
ABTS product. To date, the Company has shipped ABTS systems to
customers worldwide for use in both reliability and production
applications. The Company has recognized a weakening of ABTS
product sales over the past few quarters. The failure of the ABTS
family to increase revenues above current levels would have a
material adverse effect on our future operating
results. 

We generate a large portion of our sales from a small number of
customers. If we were to lose one or more of our large customers,
operating results could suffer dramatically. 

The
semiconductor manufacturing industry is highly concentrated, with a
relatively small number of large semiconductor manufacturers and
contract assemblers accounting for a substantial portion of the
purchases of semiconductor equipment. Sales to the Company s
five largest customers accounted for approximately 94%, 79%, and
90% of its net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
During fiscal 2016, Apple and Texas Instruments accounted for
approximately 47% and 32%, respectively, of the Company s net
sales. During fiscal 2015, Texas Instruments and Micronas accounted
for approximately 45% and 11%, respectively, of the Company s
net sales. During fiscal 2014, Texas Instruments, Spansion and
Micronas accounted for approximately 40%, 30% and 12%,
respectively, of the Company s net sales. No other customers
accounted for more than 10% of the Company s net sales for
any of these periods. 

We
expect that sales of our products to a limited number of customers
will continue to account for a high percentage of net sales for the
foreseeable future. In addition, sales to particular customers may
fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. The loss of,
reduction or delay in an order, or orders from a significant
customer, or a delay in collecting or failure to collect accounts
receivable from a significant customer could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

A substantial portion of our net sales is generated by relatively
small volume, high value transactions. 

We derive a substantial portion of
our net sales from the sale of a relatively small number of systems
which typically range in purchase price from approximately $300,000
to well over $1 million per system. As a result, the loss or
deferral of a limited number of system sales could have a material
adverse effect on our net sales and operating results in a
particular period. Most customer purchase orders are subject to
cancellation or rescheduling by the customer with limited
penalties, and, therefore, backlog at any particular date is not
necessarily indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period.
From time to time, cancellations and rescheduling of customer
orders have occurred, and delays by our suppliers in providing
components or subassemblies to us have caused delays in our
shipments of our own products. There can be no assurance that we
will not be materially adversely affected by future cancellations
or rescheduling. For non-standard products where we have not
effectively demonstrated the ability to meet specifications in the
customer environment, we defer revenue until we have met such
customer specifications. Any delay in meeting customer
specifications could have a material adverse effect on our
operating results. A substantial portion of net sales typically are
realized near the end of each quarter. A delay or reduction in
shipments near the end of a particular quarter, due, for example,
to unanticipated shipment rescheduling, cancellations or deferrals
by customers, customer credit issues, unexpected manufacturing
difficulties experienced by us or delays in deliveries by
suppliers, could cause net sales in a particular quarter to fall
significantly below our expectations. 

26 

We may experience increased costs associated with new product
introductions. 

As
is common with new complex products incorporating leading-edge
technologies, we have encountered reliability, design and
manufacturing issues as we began volume production and initial
installations of certain products at customer sites. Some of these
issues in the past have been related to components and subsystems
supplied to us by third parties who have in some cases limited the
ability of us to address such issues promptly. This process in the
past required and in the future is likely to require us to incur
un-reimbursed engineering expenses and to experience larger than
anticipated warranty claims which could result in product returns.
In the early stages of product development there can be no
assurance that we will discover any reliability, design and
manufacturing issues or, that if such issues arise, that they can
be resolved to the customers  satisfaction or that the
resolution of such problems will not cause us to incur significant
development costs or warranty expenses or to lose significant sales
opportunities. 

Periodic economic and semiconductor industry downturns could
negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Periodic
global economic and semiconductor industry downturns have
negatively affected and could continue to negatively affect our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. Financial
turmoil in the banking system and financial markets has resulted,
and may result in the future, in a tightening of the credit
markets, disruption in the financial markets and global economy
downturn. These events may contribute to significant slowdowns in
the industry in which we operate. Difficulties in obtaining capital
and deteriorating market conditions can pose the risk that some of
our customers may not be able to obtain necessary financing on
reasonable terms, which could result in lower sales for the
Company. Customers with liquidity issues may lead to additional bad
debt expense for the Company. 

Turmoil
in the international financial markets has resulted, and may result
in the future, in dramatic currency devaluations, stock market
declines, restriction of available credit and general financial
weakness. In addition, flash, DRAM and other memory device prices
have historically declined, and will likely do so again in the
future. These developments may affect us in several ways. The
market for semiconductors and semiconductor capital equipment has
historically been cyclical, and we expect this to continue in the
future. The uncertainty of the semiconductor market may cause some
manufacturers in the future to further delay capital spending
plans. Economic conditions may also affect the ability of our
customers to meet their payment obligations, resulting in
cancellations or deferrals of existing orders and limiting
additional orders. In addition, some governments have subsidized
portions of fabrication facility construction, and financial
turmoil may reduce these governments  willingness to continue
such subsidies. Such developments could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

The
recent economic conditions and uncertainty about future economic
conditions make it challenging for us to forecast our operating
results, make business decisions, and identify the risks that may
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If such conditions recur, and we are not able to timely and
appropriately adapt to changes resulting from the difficult
macroeconomic environment, our business, financial condition or
results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. 

27 

We sell our products and services worldwide, and our business is
subject to risks inherent in conducting business activities in
geographic regions outside of the United States. 

Approximately
80%, 64%, and 56% of our net sales for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, were attributable to sales to customers for delivery
outside of the United States. We operate a sales, service and
limited manufacturing organization in Germany and sales and service
organizations in Japan and Taiwan. We expect that sales of products
for delivery outside of the United States will continue to
represent a substantial portion of our future net sales. Our future
performance will depend, in significant part, upon our ability to
continue to compete in foreign markets which in turn will depend,
in part, upon a continuation of current trade relations between the
United States and foreign countries in which semiconductor
manufacturers or assemblers have operations. A change toward more
protectionist trade legislation in either the United States or such
foreign countries, such as a change in the current tariff
structures, export compliance or other trade policies, could
adversely affect our ability to sell our products in foreign
markets. In addition, we are subject to other risks associated with
doing business internationally, including longer receivable
collection periods and greater difficulty in accounts receivable
collection, the burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws,
difficulty in staffing and managing global operations, risks of
civil disturbance or other events which may limit or disrupt
markets, international exchange restrictions, changing political
conditions and monetary policies of foreign
governments. 

Approximately
97%, 2% and 1% of our net sales for fiscal 2016 were denominated in
U.S. Dollars, Euros and Japanese Yen, respectively. Although the
percentages of net sales denominated in Euros and Japanese Yen were
small in fiscal 2016, they have been larger in the past and could
become significant again in the future. A large percentage of net
sales to European customers are denominated in U.S. Dollars, but
sales to many Japanese customers are denominated in Japanese Yen.
Because a substantial portion of our net sales is from sales of
products for delivery outside the United States, an increase in the
value of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies would
increase the cost of our products compared to products sold by
local companies in such markets. In addition, since the price is
determined at the time a purchase order is accepted, we are exposed
to the risks of fluctuations in the U.S. Dollar exchange rate
during the lengthy period from the date a purchase order is
received until payment is made. This exchange rate risk is
partially offset to the extent our foreign operations incur
expenses in the local currency. To date, we have not invested in
any instruments designed to hedge currency risks. Our operating
results could be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of
the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies. 

Our industry is subject to rapid technological change and our
ability to remain competitive depends on our ability to introduce
new products in a timely manner. 

The
semiconductor equipment industry is subject to rapid technological
change and new product introductions and enhancements. Our ability
to remain competitive depends in part upon our ability to develop
new products and to introduce them at competitive prices and on a
timely and cost-effective basis. Our success in developing new and
enhanced products depends upon a variety of factors, including
product selection, timely and efficient completion of product
design, timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and
assembly processes, product performance in the field and effective
sales and marketing. Because new product development commitments
must be made well in advance of sales, new product decisions must
anticipate both future demand and the technology that will be
available to supply that demand. Furthermore, introductions of new
and complex products typically involve a period in which design,
engineering and reliability issues are identified and addressed by
our suppliers and by us. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in selecting, developing, manufacturing and marketing
new products that satisfy market demand. Any such failure would
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

28 

Because
of the complexity of our products, significant delays can occur
between a product s introduction and the commencement of the
volume production of such product. We have experienced, from time
to time, significant delays in the introduction of, and technical
and manufacturing difficulties with, certain of our products and
may experience delays and technical and manufacturing difficulties
in future introductions or volume production of our new products.
Our inability to complete new product development, or to
manufacture and ship products in time to meet customer requirements
would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our dependence on subcontractors and sole source suppliers may
prevent us from delivering our products on a timely basis and
expose us to intellectual property infringement. 

We
rely on subcontractors to manufacture many of the components or
subassemblies used in our products. Our FOX and ABTS systems and
WaferPak contactors contain several components, including
environmental chambers, power supplies, high-density interconnects,
wafer contactors, signal distribution substrates, WaferPak Aligners
and certain ICs that are currently supplied by only one or a
limited number of suppliers. Our reliance on subcontractors and
single source suppliers involves a number of significant risks,
including the loss of control over the manufacturing process, the
potential absence of adequate capacity and reduced control over
delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, quality and costs. In the
event that any significant subcontractor or single source supplier
is unable or unwilling to continue to manufacture subassemblies,
components or parts in required volumes, we would have to identify
and qualify acceptable replacements. The process of qualifying
subcontractors and suppliers could be lengthy, and no assurance can
be given that any additional sources would be available to us on a
timely basis. Any delay, interruption or termination of a supplier
relationship could adversely affect our ability to deliver
products, which would harm our operating results. 

Our
suppliers manufacture components, tooling, and provide engineering
services. During this process, our suppliers are allowed access to
intellectual property of the Company. While the Company maintains
patents to protect from intellectual property infringement, there
can be no assurance that technological information gained in the
manufacture of our products will not be used to develop a new
product, improve processes or techniques which compete against our
products. Litigation may be necessary to enforce or determine the
validity and scope of our proprietary rights, and there can be no
assurance that our intellectual property rights, if challenged,
will be upheld as valid. 

Future changes in semiconductor technologies may make our products
obsolete. 

Future
improvements in semiconductor design and manufacturing technology
may reduce or eliminate the need for our products. For example,
improvements in semiconductor process technology and improvements
in conventional test systems, such as reduced cost or increased
throughput, may significantly reduce or eliminate the market for
one or more of our products. If we are not able to improve our
products or develop new products or technologies quickly enough to
maintain a competitive position in our markets, our business may
decline. 

Our stock price may fluctuate. 

The
price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past and may
fluctuate significantly in the future. We believe that factors such
as announcements of developments related to our business,
fluctuations in our operating results, general conditions in the
semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries as well as the
worldwide economy, announcement of technological innovations, new
systems or product enhancements by us or our competitors,
fluctuations in the level of cooperative development funding,
acquisitions, changes in governmental regulations, developments in
patents or other intellectual property rights and changes in our
relationships with customers and suppliers could cause the price of
our common stock to fluctuate substantially. In addition, in recent
years the stock market in general, and the market for small
capitalization and high technology stocks in particular, have
experienced extreme price fluctuations which have often been
unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies.
Such fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our
common stock. 

29 

We depend on our key personnel and our success depends on our
ability to attract and retain talented employees. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service
of Gayn Erickson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, as
well as other executive officers and key employees. We do not
maintain key person life insurance for our benefit on any of our
personnel, and none of our employees are subject to a
non-competition agreement with us. The loss of the services of any
of our executive officers or a group of key employees could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. Our future success will depend in significant
part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
technical, management, sales and marketing personnel. There is a
limited number of personnel with the requisite skills to serve in
these positions, and it has become increasingly difficult for us to
hire such personnel. Competition for such personnel in the
semiconductor equipment industry is intense, and there can be no
assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining
such personnel. Changes in management could disrupt our operations
and adversely affect our operating results. 

We may be subject to litigation relating to intellectual property
infringement which would be time-consuming, expensive and a
distraction from our business. 

If we do not adequately protect our
intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our
proprietary information to erode our competitive advantage, which
could harm our business and operating results. Litigation may be
necessary to enforce or determine the validity and scope of our
proprietary rights, and there can be no assurance that our
intellectual property rights, if challenged, will be upheld as
valid. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and
diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on
our operating results, regardless of the outcome of the litigation.
In addition, there can be no assurance that any of the patents
issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or
that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive
advantages to us. 

There
are no pending claims against us regarding infringement of any
patents or other intellectual property rights of others. However,
in the future we may receive communications from third parties
asserting intellectual property claims against us. Such claims
could include assertions that our products infringe, or may
infringe, the proprietary rights of third parties, requests for
indemnification against such infringement or suggestions that we
may be interested in acquiring a license from such third parties.
There can be no assurance that any such claim will not result in
litigation, which could involve significant expense to us, and, if
we are required or deem it appropriate to obtain a license relating
to one or more products or technologies, there can be no assurance
that we would be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all. 

While we believe we have complied with all applicable environmental
laws, our failure to do so could adversely affect our business as a
result of having to pay substantial amounts in damages or
fees. 

Federal,
state and local regulations impose various controls on the use,
storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation, manufacture and
disposal of toxic and other hazardous substances used in our
operations. We believe that our activities conform in all material
respects to current environmental and land use regulations
applicable to our operations and our current facilities, and that
we have obtained environmental permits necessary to conduct our
business. Nevertheless, failure to comply with current or future
regulations could result in substantial fines, suspension of
production, alteration of our manufacturing processes or cessation
of operations. Such regulations could require us to acquire
expensive remediation equipment or to incur substantial expenses to
comply with environmental regulations. Any failure to control the
use, disposal or storage of or adequately restrict the discharge
of, hazardous or toxic substances could subject us to significant
liabilities. 

30 

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial
reporting may be adversely affected. 

We
are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. The provisions of the act require, among other things,
that we maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Preparing our
financial statements involves a number of complex processes, many
of which are done manually and are dependent upon individual data
input or review. These processes include, but are not limited to,
calculating revenue, deferred revenue and inventory costs. While we
continue to automate our processes and enhance our review and put
in place controls to reduce the likelihood for errors, we expect
that for the foreseeable future, many of our processes will remain
manually intensive and thus subject to human error. 

Item 2.
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS 

On August 8, 2016 the Company issued
200,000 shares of its common stock to Semics Inc., a semiconductor
test equipment provider that produces fully automatic wafer probe
systems, in consideration for cancellation of an outstanding
invoice of $323,000 for capital equipment. These shares were issued
without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as such the shares may not
be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under
such act and applicable state securities laws or an applicable
exemption from those registration requirements. 

Item 3.
DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

Item 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable 

Item 5.
OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 6.
EXHIBITS 

The
Exhibits listed on the accompanying "Index to Exhibits" are filed
as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this
report. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the    registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the  
 undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Aehr Test
Systems 

  (Registrant) 

Date: October 14,
2016 

/s/  
 GAYN
ERICKSON  

Gayn
Erickson  

President
and Chief Executive   Officer 

Date: October 14,
2016 

/s/  
 KENNETH
B. SPINK 

Kenneth B.
Spink 

Vice
President of Finance and   Chief Financial
Officer 

32 

AEHR
TEST SYSTEMS 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No.    

Description  

10.1(1) 

Amendment to the
Aehr Test Systems Convertible Note Purchase and Credit Facility
Agreement and 9.0% Notes. 

31.1  

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302(a) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302(a) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1  

Certification of
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 

101.INS  

XBRL  Instance Document 

101.SCH  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document 

101.DEF  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document 

101.LAB  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
Document 

(1)     Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 previously filed with the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2016
(File No. 000-22893). 

*This
exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise
subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filings under the Securities Act
of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before
or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general
incorporation language in any filings. 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT 

I, Gayn
Erickson, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aehr Test
Systems; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date:
October 14, 2016 

/s/
GAYN ERICKSON 

-------------------------------------  

Gayn
Erickson    

President and
Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
31.2  

CERTIFICATIO  N
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT 

I,
Kenneth B. Spink, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aehr Test
Systems; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 14, 2016 

/s/ KENNETH
B. SPINK 

---------------------------------------------------- 

Kenneth
B. Spink 

Vice
President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
32.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Gayn Erickson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that the Quarterly Report of Aehr Test Systems on Form 10-Q for the
period ended August 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial
condition and results of operations of Aehr Test
Systems. 

Date:
October 14, 2016 

By: /s/
GAYN ERICKSON 

------------------------------------- 

Gayn
Erickson 

President and Chief
Executive Officer 

I,
Kenneth B. Spink, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that the Quarterly Report of Aehr Test Systems on Form 10-Q for the
period ended August 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial
condition and results of operations of Aehr Test
Systems. 

Date:
October 14, 2016 

By: /s/
KENNETH B. SPINK 

---------------------------------- 

Kenneth B.
Spink 

Vice President of Finance
and  

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 aehr-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aehr-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aehr-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aehr-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aehr-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aehr-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

