<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1515673_0001564590-16-030091_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6280262</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>964768</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>21468</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5178478</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-030091.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209180852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-030091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001515673
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				272546083
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36276
		FILM NUMBER:		162044936

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 LEVERONI COURT
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94949
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-483-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 LEVERONI COURT
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94949

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-030091.txt : 20161212

10-Q/A
 1
 rare-10qa_20160630.htm
 10-Q/A

rare-10qa_20160630.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549  
   
 FORM  10-Q/A  
 Amendment No. 1 
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 
 OR  

For the transition period from                        to                        .  
 Commission File No. 001-36276  
   
 ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

27-2546083  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

60 Leveroni Court Novato, California  

94949  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(415) 483-8800  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
   
 Indicate     by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES          NO         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (    232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES     NO      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of    large accelerated filer,       accelerated filer    and    smaller reporting company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES     NO      
 As of August 3, 2016, the registrant had 39,435,593 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  

EXPLANATORY NOTE  
 Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (the Company) is filing this Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment) to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 (the Form 10-Q) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 9, 2016, solely to refile Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the Form 10-Q in response to communications with the SEC s staff regarding a request for confidential treatment made by the Company with respect to portions of these exhibits. Certain information that previously was redacted within Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 as filed with the Form 10-Q has been disclosed in such exhibits as refiled with this Amendment.  
 This Amendment is an exhibits-only filing solely for the purpose of filing revised versions of Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2. This Amendment does not affect any other parts of, or exhibits to, the Form 10-Q, and those unaffected parts or exhibits are not included in this Amendment. Except as expressly stated in this Amendment, the Form 10-Q continues to speak as of the date of the original filing of the Form 10-Q, and the Company has not updated the disclosure contained in this Amendment to reflect events that have occurred since the filing of the Form 10-Q. Accordingly, this Amendment must be read in conjunction with the Company s other filings made with the SEC subsequent to the filing of the Form 10-Q, including amendments to those filings, if any.  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
   Item 6. EXHIBITS  

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment, and this exhibit has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL INC.     

Date: December 9, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Shalini Sharp  

Shalini Sharp  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 rare-ex101_6.htm
 EX-10.1

rare-ex101_6.htm

Exhibit 10.1 

LICENSE AND COLLABORATION   AGREEMENT 

BY AND   BETWEEN 
   
 TAKEDA PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY   LIMITED AND 
 ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL   INC. JUNE 6,   2016 

1 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

LICENSE AND COLLABORATION   AGREEMENT 
   
 This   License   and   Collaboration   Agreement    (this        Agreement   )     is     made     as     of     the     6th day     of     June,     2016     (the        Execution     Date   )     by     and     between    Takeda   Pharmaceutical   Company Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Japan having its principal place of     business at 1-1, Doshomachi 4-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 540-8645, Japan (   Takeda   ), and  Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. , a company incorporated under the laws of California, having its     principal place of business at 60 Leveroni Court, Novato, CA 94949, United States     (   Ultragenyx   ). Ultragenyx and Takeda are sometimes referred to herein individually as a    Party        and collectively as the        Parties  .   
   
 RECITALS 
   
 WHEREAS , Takeda has developed certain compounds and products     potentially applicable to rare genetic disease     indications;  
   
 WHEREAS , Ultragenyx is a pharmaceutical company with significant experience     with the development of products for rare genetic disease indications;     and  
   
 WHEREAS ,     Ultragenyx     and     Takeda     desire     to     establish     a     collaboration     for     the     further development and commercialization of certain products potentially applicable to rare     genetic disease and other     indications.  
   
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements     set forth below, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which     are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as     follows:  
   
       ARTICLE 1        DEFINITIONS 
   
 1.1      [***] Development Plans    has the meaning set forth in Section     4.3(b).  
   
 1.2      [***] License Negotiation Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.1(a).  
   
 1.3      [***] Option    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.1(a).  
   
 1.4      [***] Option Term    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.1(a).  
   
 1.5      [***] Patent Prosecution    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.3(a).  
   
   1.6      [***] Compound        means     [***].  
   
 2 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.7      [***] Product    means any pharmaceutical product that contains a [***] Compound, including     all     forms,     presentations,     strengths,     doses     and     formulations     (including     any     method     of delivery).  
   
 1.8      [***] Research Plan    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.3(a).  
   
 1.9      Accounting     Standards        mean     GAAP     in     the     case     of     Ultragenyx     and     IFRS     in     the     case     of Takeda.  
   
 1.10      Affiliate    means, with respect to a particular Party, a person, corporation, partnership,     or other     entity     that     controls,     is     controlled     by     or     is     under     common     control     with     such     Party.     For     the purposes of this definition, the word  control  (including, with correlative meaning, the     terms  controlled     by      or      under     the     common     control     with )     means     the     actual     power,     either     directly     or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, to direct or cause the direction of the     management and     policies     of     such     entity,     whether     by     the     ownership     of     fifty     percent     (50%)     or     more     of     the voting stock of such entity, or by contract or     otherwise.  
   
 1.11      Agreement    has the meaning set forth in the     preamble.  
   
 1.12      Alliance Manager    means the person appointed by each Party from within     their respective organization to coordinate and facilitate the communication, interaction     and cooperation of the Parties pursuant to this     Agreement.  
   
 1.13      Applicable Laws    means all applicable statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules, or     orders of     any     kind     whatsoever     of     any     Governmental     Authority,     including     the     U.S.     Food,     Drug     and Cosmetic     Act,     (21     U.S.C.      301     et     seq.)     (the        FFDCA   ),     Prescription     Drug     Marketing     Act,     the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992 (21 U.S.C.  335a et seq.), U.S. Patent Act (35 U.S.C.      1 et seq.), Federal Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C.  3729 et seq.), and the Anti-Kickback     Statute (42     U.S.C.      1320a-7b     et     seq.),     all     as     amended     from     time     to     time,     together     with     any     rules, regulations, and compliance guidance promulgated     thereunder.  
   
 1.14      Bankruptcy Laws    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.6(b).  
   
 1.15      Bayh-Doyle     Act        means     the     Patent     and     Trademark     Law     Amendments     Act     of     1980,     as amended,     codified     at     35     U.S.C.            200-212,     as     well     as     any     regulations     promulgated     pursuant thereto, including 37 C.F.R. Part 401, and any successor statutes or     regulations.  
   
 1.16      [***] License Agreement    means the License Agreement by and between     Ultragenyx and [***].  
   
 1.17      Breaching Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.2(a).  
   
 1.18      Bulk Drug Product    means a Product that has been Manufactured into a     final pharmaceutical product, including drug substance (e.g., tablets or granules) for administration     to humans     in     accordance     with     Applicable     Laws,     but     has     not     been     Packaged     for     use     in     Clinical Trials or for     Commercialization.  
 3 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.19      Business Day    means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on     which commercial     banks     located     in     the     State     of     New     York,     U.S.,     or     Japan,     are     authorized     or     obligated by Applicable Laws to     close.  
   
 1.20      Calendar Quarter    means the respective periods of three (3) consecutive  calendar months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; provided, however,     that  
 (a)   the     first     Calendar     Quarter     of     the     Term     shall     extend     from     the     Effective     Date     to     the     end     of     the first     complete     Calendar     Quarter     thereafter;     and     (b)     the     last     Calendar     Quarter     of     the     Term     shall end upon the expiration or termination of this     Agreement.  
   
 1.21      Calendar Year    means the twelve-month period ending on December 31;     provided however, that (a) the first Calendar Year of the Term, shall begin on the Effective Date and     end on     December     31,     2016;     and     (b)     the     last     Calendar     Year     of     the     Term     shall     end     on     the     date     of expiration or termination of this     Agreement.  
   
 1.22      Candidate Product    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.2(a).  
   
 1.23      Change     of     Control        of Ultragenyx means if: (a) any Third Party acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of any voting security of Ultragenyx, or if the percentage ownership of such person or entity in the voting securities of Ultragenyx is increased through stock redemption, cancellation or other recapitalization, and immediately after such  acquisition or increase such Third Party is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of all of the then- outstanding voting securities of Ultragenyx; (b) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, or reorganization of Ultragenyx, other than any such transaction, which would result in stockholders or equity holders of Ultragenyx, or an Affiliate of Ultragenyx, immediately prior to such transaction owning at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding securities of the surviving entity (or its parent entity) immediately following such transaction;  (c) the stockholders or equity holders of Ultragenyx approve a plan of complete liquidation of Ultragenyx, or an agreement for the sale or disposition by Ultragenyx of all or a substantial portion of Ultragenyx s assets, other than pursuant to the transaction as described above or to an Affiliate; or (d) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of Ultragenyx s assets which relate to this Agreement.  
   
 1.24      Claim    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.1.  
   
 1.25      Clinical     Trial        means     any     human     clinical     study     or     trial     of     a     pharmaceutical     product     in the Licensed Field in the Territory, including Phase I Trials, Phase II Trials, Phase III Trials     and Phase IV     Trials.  
   
 1.26      Collaboration Activities    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.2(a).  
   
 1.27    Collaboration Term    means (a) with respect to [***] Products, twenty-four (24) months from     the     Effective     Date     and     (b)     other     than     with     respect     to     [***] Products, five (5) years from the Effective Date, unless, in case of each of the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), (i) extended by     mutual agreement of the Parties, or (ii) terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of     this  
 4 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Agreement;   provided   that   if   at   the   expiration   of   the   foregoing   period,   an   Option   Negotiation Period is then ongoing, the Collaboration Term with respect to such Option Product   will automatically extend until the earlier of (A) expiration of such Option Negotiation Period or   (B) execution of the applicable Option Product License   Agreement. 
   
 1.28      Combination Product    means a Product that is comprised of or contains a Compound     as an active ingredient together with one (1) or more other active ingredients and is sold by a     Party, or     any     of     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees,     either     as     a     fixed     dose     or     as     separate     doses     as     one     (1) product.  
   
 1.29      Commercialization    means all activities undertaken in support of the     promotion, marketing, sale and distribution (including importing, exporting, transporting, customs     clearance, warehousing,     invoicing,     handling     and     delivering     the     applicable     Product     to     customers)     of     the applicable     Product,     including     Manufacturing     Product     for     commercial     sale,     sales     force     efforts, detailing, advertising, marketing, the creation and approval of Promotional Materials, sales     and distribution, pricing, customer and government contracting, and medical affairs,     including medical education, medical information, clinical science liaison activities, health economics     and outcomes research, publications and investigator initiated research studies.        Commercialize    means to engage in Commercialization     activities.  
   
 1.30      Commercialization Plan    means, as applicable, (a) a plan prepared by     Ultragenyx pursuant     to     Section     5.3     containing     an     overview     of     the     general     strategy     and     a     high-level     budget for the promoting and marketing of the Licensed Products in the Ultragenyx Field in     the Territory or (b) a plan prepared by Takeda pursuant to Section 5.3 containing an overview of     the general strategy for the promoting and marketing of the Licensed [***] Product in the      Takeda Field in the     Territory.  
   
 1.31      Commercially Reasonable Efforts    means with respect to the efforts to be expended,     or considerations to be undertaken, by a Party or its Affiliates with respect to any objective,     activity or     decision     to     be     undertaken     under     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     the     Compounds     or     Products, the commercially reasonable efforts, expertise, and resources commonly used by such Party for     a product     owned     by     it     or     to     which     it     has     exclusive     rights     in     the     applicable     territory,     which,     as compared     with     a     Product,     is     of     similar     market     potential,     at     a     similar     stage     in     its     development     or product     life,     and     involves     similar     risks,     all     as     measured     based     upon     the     facts     and     circumstances at the time such efforts are due, taking into account issues of: efficacy and safety,     the competitiveness     of     alternative     products     sold     by     Third     Parties,     the     product     profile     (including Labeling), the proprietary protection and regulatory exclusivity, the expected and actual profitability and return on investment, and all other similar relevant     factors.  
   
 1.32      Committee    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.3(a).  
   
 1.33      Common     Stock     Purchase     Agreement        means     the     common     stock     purchase     agreement entered into on even date hereof by and between Ultragenyx and Takeda (or one of its     Affiliates) providing for Takeda s (or one of its Affiliate s) purchase of common stock of     Ultragenyx.  
   
 5 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.34      Competing     Product        means     [***].  
   
 1.35      Compound        means     the     Licensed     [***]     Compound,     a     Licensed     Analog     Compound,     [***] Compound, Candidate Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Compound, as     applicable.  
   
 1.36      Confidential Information    means all non-public or proprietary Information disclosed     by a Party to the other Party under this Agreement, which may include ideas,     inventions, discoveries, concepts, compounds, compositions, formulations, formulas, practices,     procedures, processes, methods, knowledge, know-how, trade secrets, technology, inventories,     machines, techniques, development and commercialization plans and related information,     designs, drawings, computer programs, skill, experience, documents, apparatus, results, clinical     and regulatory strategies, regulatory documentation, information and submissions pertaining to,     or made in association with, filings with any Regulatory Authority, data,     including pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data, analytical and quality control     data, manufacturing data and descriptions, Patent and legal data, market data, financial data     or descriptions,     devices,     assays,     chemical     formulations,     specifications,     material,     product     samples and     other     samples,     physical,     chemical     and     biological     materials     and     compounds,     and     the     like, without     regard     as     to     whether     any     of     the     foregoing     is     marked      confidential      or      proprietary,      or disclosed in oral, written, graphic, or electronic form. Confidential Information shall include:     (a) the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (b) Confidential Information disclosed by     either Party pursuant to the Confidentiality     Agreement.  
   
 1.37      Confidentiality Agreement    means the Mutual Confidential Disclosure Agreement dated March 13, 2015 by and between Takeda Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. and     Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical     Inc.  
   
 1.38      Control    means, with respect to any Information, Patent, trademark or other     intellectual property right, ownership or possession by a Party, including its Affiliates, of the ability     (without taking     into     account     any     rights     granted     by     one     Party     to     the     other     Party     under     the     terms     of     this Agreement)     to     grant     access,     a     license     or     a     sublicense     to     such     Information,     Patent,     trademark     or other intellectual property right without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement     with,     or     necessitating     the     consent     of,     any     Third     Party,     at     such     time     that     the     Party would     be     first     required     under     this     Agreement     to     grant     the     other     Party     such     access,     license     or sublicense.  
   
 1.39      Cover   ,    Covering    or    Covered    means, with respect to a product, technology,     process or     method,     that,     in     the     absence     of     ownership     of     or     a     license     granted     under     a     Valid     Claim,     the practice     or     Exploitation     of     such     product,     technology,     process     or     method     would     infringe     such Valid     Claim     (or,     in     the     case     of     a     Valid     Claim     that     has     not     yet     issued,     would     infringe     such     Valid Claim if it were to     issue).  
   
 1.40      Cure Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.2(a).  
   
 1.41      Data Package    means the Final [***] Data Package, Final Phase II Data Package or     Final Phase III Data Package, as     applicable.  
 6 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.42      Development    means all non-clinical and clinical drug development activities,     including toxicology, pharmacology, and other non-clinical efforts, statistical analysis, the performance     of Clinical     Trials,     including     the     Manufacturing     of     the     applicable     Product     for     use     in     the     Clinical Trials, or other activities necessary to obtain or maintain, Regulatory Approval of the     applicable Products.      Development      shall     exclude     Commercialization     activities.     When     used     as     a     verb,    Develop    means to engage in Development     activities.  
   
 1.43      Disclosing Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     14.1.  
   
 1.44      Dispute    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.1.  
   
 1.45      Effective     Date        means     the     date     this     Agreement     becomes     effective,     as     determined     in accordance with Section     18.1.  
   
 1.46      EMA        means     the     European     Medicines     Agency     or     any     successor     agency     or     authority having substantially the same     function.  
   
 1.47      EU        means     all     of     the     European     Union     member     states     as     of     the     applicable     time     during the Term.  
   
 1.48      Execution Date    has the meaning set forth in the     preamble.  
   
 1.49      Exercised Countries    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(c).  
   
 1.50      Exercised Product License Agreement    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(d).  
   
 1.51      Exercised Products    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(c).  
   
 1.52      Expert    means a disinterested, conflict-of-interest-free individual who is neutral     and independent of both Parties and all of their respective Affiliates and sublicensees and who,     with respect to a dispute concerning a financial, commercial, scientific or regulatory matter,     possesses appropriate expertise to resolve such dispute. Neither the Expert (nor any of the Expert s     current or     former     employers)     shall     be     or     have     been     at     any     time,     to     the     Knowledge     of     the     Parties,     an employee,     officer,     director     or,     during     the     previous     five     (5)     years,     a     consultant     or     contractor     of either Party or any of its     Affiliates.  
   
 1.53      Exploit    or    Exploitation    means to research, import, Manufacture, have     Manufactured, export distribute, use, have used, sell, have sold, or offer for sale, including to     Develop, Commercialize, register, modify, enhance, improve or otherwise dispose     of.  
   
 1.54      FDA    means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency     thereto.  
   
 1.55      Final     [***]     Data     Package        means     all     information     the     Parties     agree     that     Ultragenyx     shall provide     to     or     give     access     to     Takeda     at     the     conclusion     of     the     activities     contemplated     under     the Initial [***] Development Plan for a given Licensed [***] Product as it relates to the Takeda     Field, but     which     will     include     at     a     minimum     (a)     validated     and     reproducible     tables,     listings     and     graphs, (b) all adverse event listings, safety narratives, CMC data and information, and     applicable  
 7 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Regulatory   Documentation,   (c)   preclinical   study   results   and   final,   if   possible,   or   preliminary toxicology   and   pharmacology   reports,   and   (d)   a   preliminary   Phase   I   report   and   all   Phase   I clinical   data. 
   
 1.56      Final Phase II Data Package    means on a Product-by-Product basis, all Information     the Parties agree that Ultragenyx shall provide to or give access to Takeda at the conclusion of     a Phase II Clinical Trial and after database lock, but which will include at a minimum (a)     validated and reproducible tables, listings and graphs, (b) all adverse event listings, safety narratives,     CMC data and information, and applicable Regulatory Documentation, (c) final, if possible,     or preliminary     toxicology     and     pharmacology     reports,     (d)     the     Phase     I     final     report     and     all     Phase     I clinical data, and (e) a preliminary Phase II report and all Phase II clinical     data.  
   
 1.57      Final Phase III Data Package    means, on a Product-by-Product basis, all Information     the Parties agree that Ultragenyx shall provide to or give access to Takeda at the conclusion of     a Phase III Clinical Trial and after database lock, but which will include at a minimum     (a) validated     and     reproducible     tables,     listings     and     graphs,     (b)     all     adverse     event     listings,     material safety narratives, CMC data and information, and applicable Regulatory Documentation,      (c) final, if possible, or preliminary toxicology and pharmacology reports, (d) the Phase I final     report and all Phase I clinical data to the extent not previously provided to Takeda, (e) the Phase II     final report     and     all     Phase     II     clinical     data     to     the     extent     not     previously     provided     to     Takeda,     and     (f)     the preliminary Phase III report and all Phase III clinical     data.  
   
 1.58      Finished Product    means Bulk Drug Product that has been Packaged into a form     suitable for use in Clinical Trials or for Commercial purposes (i.e., bottles or blisters), including     samples, in accordance with Applicable     Laws.  
   
 1.59      First Commercial Sale    means, on a country-by-country basis, the first sale of a     Product under this Agreement by a Party, its Affiliates or its sublicensees to an end user or prescriber     for use, consumption or resale of the Product in a country in the applicable territory in the     applicable field where Regulatory Approval of the Product has been obtained and where the sale results in     a recordable     Net     Sale.     Sale     of     a     Product     under     this     Agreement     by     a     Party     to     an     Affiliate     or     a sublicensee     of     such     Party     shall     not     constitute     a     First     Commercial     Sale     unless     such     Affiliate     or such     sublicensee     is     the     end     user     of     such     Product.     Also,     sale     of     a     Product     under     this     Agreement by     a     Party,     its     Affiliates     or     its     sublicensees     in     a     jurisdiction     where     Regulatory     Approval     for     that Product has not yet been attained shall not constitute a First Commercial Sale under     this Agreement.  
   
 1.60   Force     Majeure        means     any     event     beyond     the     reasonable     control     of     the     affected     Party including: embargoes; war or acts of war, including terrorism; insurrections, riots, or civil     unrest; strikes, lockouts or other labor disturbances; epidemics, fire, floods, earthquakes or other acts     of nature; or acts, omissions or delays in acting by any governmental authority (including      the refusal     of     the     competent     government     agencies     to     issue     required     Regulatory     Approvals     due     to reasons other than the affected Party s negligence or willful misconduct or  any other     cause within     the     reasonable     control     of     the     affected     Party),     and     failure     of     plant     or     machinery     (provided that such failure could not have been prevented by the exercise of skill, diligence, and     prudence  
   
 8 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

that would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from a skilled and experienced person   engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same or similar   circumstances). 
   
 1.61      FTE    means eighteen hundred (1800) hours of work per full Calendar Year     (or equivalent     pro-rata     portion     thereof     for     a     period     less     than     twelve     (12)     months)     devoted     to     or     in support of the Development of the applicable Products in accordance with the Research Plans     or the Manufacturing of a Product or the provision of Research Support (but excluding, for     clarity, time spent travelling to and attending meetings under this Agreement and scientific and     medical conferences), that is carried out by one or more qualified scientific or technical employees     or contract     personnel     of     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     as     such     hours     are     measured     in     accordance     with Takeda s     normal     time     allocation     practices.     For     the     avoidance     of     doubt,     FTE     only     applies     to employees of a Party, and does not apply to contractors of     Takeda.  
   
 1.62      FTE     Cost        means,     for     any     period,     the     FTE     Rate     multiplied     by     the     number     of     FTEs     in such     period.  
   
 1.63      FTE Rate    means a rate of [***] per FTE per Calendar Year (pro-rated for the period beginning on the Effective     Date and ending at the end of the first Calendar Year) for personnel engaged in     Development activities.     Such     rate     shall     be     adjusted     annually,     with     each     annual     adjustment     effective     as     of January     1     of     each     calendar     year     (with     the     first     such     annual     adjustment     to     be     made     as     of     January 1,     2018)     to     correspond     with     the     total     percentage     change     in     the     Consumer     Price     Index     for     All Urban     Consumers     (CPI-U)     for     the     U.S.     City     Average,     1982-84     =     100,     calculated     by     the     U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics over the twelve (12)-month period preceding each such January     1.  
   
 1.64      GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles current in the     U.S.  
   
 1.65      Generic Competition Percentage    means, with respect to any Product in a given     country in     the     Territory     or     Takeda     Territory     (as     applicable),     all     units     of     the     Generic     Product(s)     for     such Product, sold in the aggregate in such country divided by the sum of: (a) all units of the     Product sold     in     such     country,     and     (b)     all     units     of     the     Generic     Product(s)     sold     in     the     aggregate     in     such country,     where,     in     each     case,     the     number     of     units     of     a     Product     and     each     Generic     Product     sold shall     be     based     on     the     average     of     the     monthly     IMS     data     (or     IMS-equivalent     data     if     IMS     data     are not     available).  
   
 1.66      Generic Product    means, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis,     any pharmaceutical product sold by a Third Party, other than as a sublicensee to this Agreement     that:  
 (a) contains the same active ingredients as the applicable Product, in the same dosage form   (e.g., oral)   as   the   applicable   Product;   or   (b)   is   A/B   Rated   with   respect   to   such   Product   or   otherwise approved by the Regulatory Authority in such country as a substitutable generic for   such Product; or (c) is approved in the applicable field by a Regulatory Authority pursuant to an   NDA filed   by   a   Third   Party   under   Section   505(b)(2)   or   505(j)(2)   of   the   FFDCA   (or   an   equivalent Regulatory   Approval   Application   filed   outside   the   U.S.),   contains   the   active   ingredients   in   the Product,   and   relies   on   the   finding   of   safety   and/or   effectiveness   in   the   Regulatory   Approval   of the Product. For the purposes of this definition,  A/B Rated  means, inside the   U.S.,  therapeutically   equivalent    as    determined   by   the   FDA,   applying   the   definition        of 
 9 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

therapeutically equivalent  set forth in the preface to the then-current edition of the   FDA publication    Approved   Drug   Products   With   Therapeutic   Equivalence   Evaluations   and,   outside the U.S., such equivalent determination by the applicable Regulatory Authorities as is   necessary to permit pharmacists or other individuals authorized to dispense pharmaceuticals   under Applicable Law to substitute one product for another product in the absence of   specific instruction from a physician or other authorized prescriber under Applicable   Law.  
   
 1.67      Good Clinical Practices   ,    GCP    or    cGCP    means the then-current standards,     practices and procedures promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as set forth in the guidelines adopted by the International Conference on Harmonization (   ICH   ), titled  Guidance for Industry E6     Good Clinical Practice: Consolidated Guidance,  (or any successor document) including     related regulatory requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable regulatory standards, practices     and procedures     promulgated     by     the     EMA,     PMDA     or     other     Regulatory     Authority     applicable     to     the Territory, as they may be updated from time to     time.  
   
 1.68      Good Laboratory Practices   ,    GLP   , or    cGLP    means the then-current     standards, practices     and     procedures     promulgated     or     endorsed     by     the     FDA     as     set     forth     in     21     C.F.R.     Part     58 (or any successor statute or regulation), including related regulatory requirements imposed by     the FDA and comparable regulatory standards, practices and procedures promulgated by the     EMA, PMDA     or     other     Regulatory     Authority     applicable     to     the     Territory,     as     they     may     be     updated     from time to time, including applicable guidelines promulgated under the     ICH.  
   
 1.69      Good Manufacturing Practices   ,    GMP   , or    cGMP    means the then-current     good manufacturing     practices     required     by     the     FDA,     as     set     forth     in     the     FFDCA,     as     amended,     and     the regulations promulgated thereunder, for the manufacture and testing of pharmaceutical     materials, and comparable Applicable Law related to the manufacture and testing of     pharmaceutical materials     in     jurisdictions     outside     the     U.S.,     including     the     quality     guideline     promulgated     by     the ICH designated ICH Q7A, titled  Q7A Good Manufacturing Practice Guidance for     Active Pharmaceutical     Ingredients      and     the     regulations     promulgated     thereunder,     in     each     case     as     they may be updated from time to     time.  
   
 1.70      Governmental Authority    means any multi-national, federal, state, local, municipal     or other government authority of any nature (including any governmental division,     subdivision, department, agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council, court or other     tribunal).  
   
 1.71      Hatch-Waxman     Act        means     the     Drug     Price     Competition     and     Patent     Term     Restoration Act, 21 U.S.C. 355, as     amended  
   
 1.72      House Mark    means the trademark that a Party uses to identify its     commercial operations.  
   
 1.73      HSR Act    means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,     as amended, and the rules promulgated     thereunder.  
   
 1.74      HSR Conditions    means the following conditions, collectively: (a) the waiting     period under     the     HSR     Act     shall     have     expired     or     earlier     been     terminated;     (b)     no     injunction     (whether  
 10 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

temporary, preliminary or permanent) prohibiting consummation of the transaction   contemplated by this Agreement or any material portion hereof shall be in effect; (c) no judicial   or administrative proceeding opposing consummation of all or any part of this Agreement shall   be pending; and (d) no requirements or conditions shall have been imposed by the United   States Department of Justice or Federal Trade Commission (as applicable) in  connection  with   the filings by the Parties under the HSR Act, other than requirements or conditions that   are satisfactory to the Party on whom such requirements or conditions are   imposed. 
   
 1.75      HSR     Filing        means     filings     with     the     United     States     Federal     Trade     Commission     and     the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice of a Notification and Report     Form for Certain Mergers and Acquisitions (as that term is defined in the HSR Act) with respect to     the subject matter of this Agreement, together with all required documentary attachments     thereto.  
   
 1.76      IFRS    means the International Financial Reporting Standards as promulgated by     the International Standards Accounting Board and as they may be updated for time to     time.  
   
 1.77      IND        means     an     Investigational     New     Drug     application     as     defined     in     the     FFDCA,     as amended, and applicable regulations promulgated hereunder by the FDA, or a clinical     trial authorization application for a product filed with a Regulatory Authority in any other     regulatory jurisdiction     outside     the     U.S.,     the     filing     of     which     is     necessary     to     commence     or     conduct     clinical testing of a pharmaceutical product in humans in such     jurisdiction.  
   
 1.78      IND Date    means the date on which ownership of Product INDs is transferred or a     right of reference is granted pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(i), in the case of transfers or grants     to Ultragenyx, or pursuant to Section 9.2(b)(i), in the case of transfers to     Takeda..  
   
 1.79      Indemnifying Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.3(a).  
   
 1.80      Indemnitee    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.3(a).  
   
 1.81      Information    means information, Inventions, discoveries, compounds,     compositions, formulations, formulas, practices, procedures, processes, methods, knowledge, trade     secrets, technology, techniques, designs, drawings, correspondence, computer programs,     documents, apparatus, results, strategies, regulatory documentation, information and submissions     pertaining to,     or     made     in     association     with,     filings     with     any     Regulatory     Authority     or     patent     office,     data, including     pharmacological,     toxicological,     non-clinical     and     clinical     data,     analytical     and     quality control data, manufacturing data and descriptions, market data, financial data or     descriptions, devices, assays, chemical formulations, specifications, material, product samples and     other samples,     physical,     chemical     and     biological     materials     and     compounds,     and     the     like,     in     written, electronic, oral or other tangible or intangible form, now known or hereafter developed,     whether or not     patentable.  
   
   1.82      Initial [***] Development Plan    means the plan (including timeline and budget)     covering preliminary     Development     activities     to     be     completed     by     Ultragenyx     and     Takeda     (to     the     extent expressly     provided     in     such     plan)     for     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Licensed     Field     attached  
   
 11 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

hereto   as   Exhibit   1.82,   as   such   plan   may   be   amended   from   time   to   time   pursuant   to   Section 2.1(a)(v). 
   
 1.83      Inventions    means any and all inventions, discoveries and developments, whether or     not patentable, made, conceived or reduced to practice in the course of performance of     this Agreement,     whether     made,     conceived     or     reduced     to     practice     solely     by,     or     on     behalf     of,     Takeda, Ultragenyx, the Parties jointly, or any Affiliate of the     same.  
   
 1.84      Joint Know-How    means all Information included in the Joint     Inventions.  
   
 1.85      Joint Intellectual Property    means, collectively, Joint Know-How and Joint     Patents.  
   
 1.86      Joint Invention    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.1(b).  
   
 1.87      Joint Patents    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.3(c).  
   
 1.88      Joint Research Committee    or    JRC    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.2(a).  
   
 1.89      Joint Steering Committee    or    JSC    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.1(a).  
   
 1.90      Knowledge        means,     as     applied     to     a     Party,     that     such     Party     shall     be     deemed     to     have knowledge     of     a     particular     fact     or     other     matter     to     the     extent     that     a     person     within     the     Knowledge Group knew of such fact or other     matter.  
   
   1.91      Knowledge Group    means, with respect to each Party, the individuals holding     the positions listed on   Exhibit 1.91  ; provided that if one or more of the individuals listed on     Exhibit  
 1.191   no   longer   holds   the   same   position   or   title   set   forth   opposite   his/her   name,   (a)   such   person shall   continue   to   be   considered   part   of   the   Knowledge   Group,   and   (b)   his/her   replacement   shall also be considered part of the Knowledge   Group. 
   
 1.92      Labeling    means the healthcare professional information or patient information used     in the Territory that is part of the Product Regulatory Approval including the package     insert, medication guides, company core safety information (CCSI) and company core data     sheet (CCDS).  
   
 1.93      Lead Regulatory Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     9.1.  
   
   1.94      Licensed     [***]     Compound        means     [***] as further described on, and with the chemical structure set forth in,   Exhibit 1.94  .  
   
 1.95      Licensed [***] Know-How    means Information related to the (a) Licensed     [***] Compound, Controlled by Takeda as of the Execution Date or during the Term, and/or     (b) Licensed Analog Compound specified in the Agreement Controlled by Takeda as of     the Execution Date, in each case including data, reports, and materials related to preclinical     studies, regulatory     filings/correspondence,     and     chemistry,     manufacturing     and     controls     and     necessary     or  
   
 12 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

reasonably useful for the Exploitation of a Licensed [***] Compound or a Licensed   Analog Compound. 
   
 1.96      Licensed [***] Patent    means the Patent that is Controlled by Takeda as of the     Execution Date     identified     as     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     on     Exhibit     1.168  ,     and     all     Patents     Controlled     by Takeda during the Term that claim priority to such     Patent.  
   
 1.97      Licensed     [***]     Product        means     any     pharmaceutical     product     that     contains     the     Licensed [***] Compound, including all forms, presentations, strengths, doses and formulations     (including any method of     delivery).  
   
 1.98      Licensed     [***]     Technology        means     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     and     Licensed     [***]     Know- How.  
   
   1.99      Licensed Analog Compounds    means (a) the compounds with the chemical     structures listed     on     Exhibit     1.99     and     (b)     any     structures     defined     by [***]     where     approved     by     the     JSC     pursuant     to     Section     2.1(a)(iii))     [***], that are disclosed in the Licensed [***]     Patent and that are developed pursuant to, and as specified in, a mutually agreed research      plan conducted by Ultragenyx involving modifications to such structures.   Exhibit 1.99   shall     be updated from time to time to include those chemical structures described in the     foregoing subclause     (b).  
   
 1.100      Licensed Analog Product    means any pharmaceutical product that contains a     Licensed Analog Compound, including all forms, presentations, strengths, doses and     formulations (including any method of     delivery).  
   
 1.101      Licensed Field    means [***].  
   
 1.102      Licensed Option Product    means any Option Product for which the Parties     have executed an Option Product License     Agreement.  
   
 1.103      Licensed Product    means the Licensed [***] Products and Licensed Analog Products,     as applicable.  
   
   1.104      Licensed Product Improvement    means any Invention related to the Licensed     [***] Compound, Licensed Analog Compounds, or Licensed Products made (a) solely by, or on     behalf of,     Ultragenyx     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees     under     this     Agreement     or     (b)     solely     by     Takeda     or its     Affiliates     under     this     Agreement.     For     clarity,     (i)     employees     of     Ultragenyx     or     its     Affiliates     or sublicensees, or their respective agents or independent contractors receiving consideration     from Ultragenyx     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees     in     the     course     of     conducting     activities     under     this Agreement,     shall     be     considered      solely     by,     or     on     behalf     of      pursuant     to     this     Section     1.104,     and  
 (ii) neither Takeda nor any of its Affiliates shall, under any circumstances under this   Agreement, be considered an agent or independent contractor of Ultragenyx or any of its Affiliates   or sublicensees for purposes of this Section   1.104. 
   
 13 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.105      Licensed     Product     Improvement     Patents        means     Patents     that     Cover     Licensed     Product Improvements that do not claim priority (in accordance with Section 1.129) to the Licensed     [***] Patent.  
   
 1.106      Licensed Product Royalty Term    means, on a country-by-country and Licensed     Product- by-Licensed Product basis, the period commencing on the First Commercial Sale of     such Licensed Product in such country in the Territory and ending upon the later of (a) ten (10)     years after First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product in such country, (b) the expiration in     such country     of     the     last     Valid     Claim     from     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     that     Covers     the     composition,     or method of making or using, such Licensed Product, or (c) the expiration of the     applicable Regulatory Exclusivity of a Licensed     Product.  
   
 1.107      Listed Compounds    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.1.  
   
 1.108      Loss    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.1.  
   
 1.109      Marketing Authorization Application    or    MAA    means an application for     Regulatory Approval (but excluding Pricing Approval) in any particular jurisdiction other than the     U.S.  
   
 1.110      Manufacture    means all activities related to the manufacturing of a Finished Product     or Bulk     Drug     Product,     including     the     manufacture     of     any     ingredient     used     therein,     for     Development or     Commercialization     in     the     Territory,     packaging,     in-process     and     Product     testing,     validation, release of Product or any component or ingredient thereof, quality assurance activities related     to manufacturing     and     release     of     Product,     ongoing     stability     tests,     Packaging     of     Bulk     Drug     Product into Finished Product and regulatory activities related to any of the     foregoing.  
   
 1.111      NDA    means a New Drug Application or supplemental New Drug Application     as contemplated by Section 505(b) of the FFDCA, as amended, and the regulations     promulgated thereunder,     submitted     to     the     FDA     pursuant     to     Part     314     of     Title     21     of     the     U.S.     Code     of     Federal Regulations, including any amendments     thereto.  
   
 1.112      Net Sales    means, with respect to any Product and calculated in accordance     with Accounting     Standards     consistently     applied     across     Products,     the     gross     revenue     recognized     by     a Party, its Affiliates and sublicensees for sales of such Product to Third Parties, less the     following deductions, to the extent such deductions are paid, incurred or otherwise taken, reasonable     and customary, provided to Third Parties, and actually allowed with respect to such     sales:  
   
 (a)   reasonable     cash,     trade     or     quantity     discounts,     charge-back     payments,     and     rebates actually     granted     to     trade     customers,     managed     health     care     organizations,     pharmaceutical     benefit managers, group purchasing organizations and national, state, or local government;     and  
   
 (b)   credits, rebates or allowances actually allowed upon prompt payment or     on account of claims, damaged goods, rejections or returns of such Product, including in     connection with     recalls,     and     the     actual     amount     of     any     write-offs     for     bad     debt     (not     to     exceed     one     percent (1%)) (provided that an amount subsequently recovered will be treated as Net     Sales)  
   
 14 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   inventory management fees and costs of freight, carrier insurance, and     other transportation charges directly related to the distribution of such Product;     and  
   
 (d)   taxes, duties or other governmental charges (including (i) any tax such as a     value added     or     similar     tax,     other     than     any     taxes     based     on     income,     and     (ii)     any     payments     made     to     the Pharmaceutical     and     Medical     Device     Agency     (   Kiko   )     based     on     Section     19     or     22     of     the      Act     on Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (Act No.192 of 2002) ) directly levied on     or measured by the billing amount for such Product, as adjusted for rebates and     refunds.  
   
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received or invoiced by a Party, its Affiliates   or sublicensees   for   the   sale   of   such   Product   among   a   Party,   its   Affiliates   or   sublicensees   for   resale shall   not   be   included   in   the   computation   of   Net   Sales   hereunder.   In   any   event,   any   amounts received or invoiced by a Party, its Affiliates and sublicensees shall be accounted for only   once. For   purposes   of   determining   Net   Sales,   a   Product   shall   be   deemed   to   be   sold   when   the   revenue generated from such sale is recognized in accordance with the Accounting Standards. Each   Party shall record such Net Sales as the  principal  and not the  agent  as defined under   the Accounting Standards. For clarity, a particular deduction may only be accounted for once in   the calculation of Net Sales and no deductions may be made for the annual fee on prescription   drug manufacturers imposed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub.  L.  No.   111-148 (as amended). Net Sales shall exclude any samples of a Product transferred or disposed of at   no cost for promotional, Development or educational   purposes. 
   
 The Net Sales of any Combination   Product: 
   
 (i)   for which the Product(s) and other active ingredient(s) of     such Combination     Product     are     sold     separately     by     a     Party,     or     any     of     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees,     in such     country,     then     Net     Sales     for     such     Combination     Product     in     such     country     shall     be     calculated by     multiplying     actual     Net     Sales     of     such     Combination     Product     in     such     country     by     the     fraction A/(A+B), where A is the average Net Sales price of the Product as the only active     ingredient(s), as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such country, and B is     the average     net     sales     (calculated     in     a     manner     analogous     to     the     manner     in     which     Net     Sales     are calculated     as     set     forth     above)     price     of     the     other     active     ingredient(s)     in     the     Combination     Product as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such     country;  
   
 (ii)   for     which     the     (A)     Licensed     Product     of     such     Combination     Product     is/are sold     separately     by     a     Party     or     any     of     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees     in     such     country     and     (B)     the other active ingredient(s) in the Combination Product is/are not sold separately by a Party or     any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such country, then Net Sales for such Combination Product     in such country shall be calculated by multiplying actual Net Sales of such Combination Product     in such country by the fraction A/D, where A is the average Net Sales price of the Licensed     Product as the only active ingredient(s), as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates     or sublicensees in such country, and D is the average Net Sales price of the Combination Product     as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such country;     and  
   
 (iii)   for which neither clause (i) nor clause (ii) above is applicable, the     Parties shall     determine     Net     Sales     for     such     Combination     Product     in     such     country     by     mutual     agreement  
 15 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

based   on   the   relative   contribution   of   the   Licensed   Product   and   the   other   active   ingredient(s)   in the Combination   Product. 
   
 1.113      Neutral Expert    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.3(a).  
   
 1.114      Non-breaching Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.2(a).  
   
 1.115      Notice Date    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.3(a).  
   
 1.116      Option Negotiation Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.12(a).  
   
 1.117      Option Notice    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.12(a).  
   
 1.118      Option Product    means (a) a Candidate Product selected pursuant to Section 6.10 or     (b) a [***] Product, as     applicable.  
   
   1.119      Option Product Improvements    means any Invention related to a [***] Product or     another Research Product made (a) solely by, or on behalf of, Ultragenyx or its Affiliates or     sublicensees under this Agreement, or (b) solely by Takeda or its Affiliates under this Agreement. For     clarity,  
 (i) employees of Ultragenyx or its Affiliates or sublicensees, or their respective agents   or independent contractors receiving consideration from Ultragenyx or its Affiliates or   sublicensees in the course of conducting activities under this Agreement, shall be considered  solely by, or   on behalf   of    pursuant   to   this   Section   1.119,   and   (ii)   neither   Takeda   nor   any   of   its   Affiliates   shall, under any circumstances under this Agreement, be considered an agent or independent   contractor of Ultragenyx or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees for purposes of this Section   1.119. 
   
 1.120      Option Product Improvement Patents    means Patents Covering Option     Product Improvements.  
   
 1.121      Option Product Key Terms    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.10(a).  
   
 1.122      Option Product Know-How    means all Information Controlled by Takeda as of     the Execution Date and during the Term that is necessary or reasonably useful for, as applicable,     (a) Ultragenyx     to     evaluate     whether     to     exercise     the     Ultragenyx     Option     or     (b)     Ultragenyx     to     Exploit an     Option     Product     solely     in     accordance     with     the     activities     to     be     performed     by     Ultragenyx     or     its Affiliates or sublicensees under the Option Product Research     Plan.  
   
 1.123      Option Product License Agreement    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.12(a).  
   
 1.124      Option     Product     Patents        means     all     Patents     Controlled     by     Takeda     as     of     the     Execution Date and during the Term that are necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of     the Option Product(s) in the Ultragenyx Field in the     Territory.  
   
 1.125      Option Product Research Plan    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.10(a).  
   
 1.126      Option Product Technology    means the Option Product Patents and Option     Product Know-How.  
 16 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.127      Packaging        means     all     activities     related     to     the     preparation     of     Bulk     Drug     Product     into Finished Product, including application of the approved Labeling.  Packaged  means that     Bulk Drug Product has been subject to complete     Packaging.  
   
 1.128      Party    has the meaning set forth in the     preamble.  
   
   1.129      Patents    means all patents, including any utility or design patent, and all     applications thereof, including any provisional application, whether in the Territory or any other     jurisdiction; any other patent or patent application claiming priority to (a) any such specified patent or     patent application     or     (b)     any     patent     or     patent     application     from     which     such     specified     patent     or     patent application claim priority; and (c) all divisionals, continuations, continuations     in-part, registrations, reissues, re-examinations, renewals, supplemental protection certificates,     or extensions of (a) or     (b).  
   
 1.130      Patent Term Extension    means any term extensions, supplementary     protection certificates and equivalents thereof offering Patent protection beyond the initial term with     respect to any issued     Patents.  
   
 1.131      Person    means an individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited     partnership, limited     liability     partnership,     corporation,     limited     liability     company,     business     trust,     joint     stock company, trust, incorporated association, joint venture or similar entity or      organization, including a government or political subdivision, department or agency of a     government.  
   
 1.132      Phase I Trial    means a clinical trial of a Product with the endpoint of determining     initial tolerance, safety, pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic information in single dose,     single ascending dose, multiple dose and/or multiple ascending dose     regimens.  
   
 1.133      Phase II Trial    means a clinical trial of a Product on patients, including     possibly pharmacokinetic,     pharmacodynamic     and     dose-ranging     studies,     the     principal     purposes     of     which are     to     make     a     preliminary     determination     that     such     product     is     safe     for     its     intended     use     and     to obtain sufficient information about such product s efficacy or dose-response information     to permit the design of further clinical     trials.  
   
 1.134      Phase     III     Trial        means     a     pivotal     clinical     trial     of     a     Product     on     a     sufficient     number     of patients,     which     trial     is     designed     to     (a)     establish     that     a     product     is     safe     and     efficacious     for     its intended use; (b) define warnings, precautions and adverse reactions that are associated with     the product in the dosage range to be prescribed; and (c) pivotal to support submission of     a Regulatory Approval Application for such     product.  
   
 1.135      Phase     IV     Trial        means     a     clinical     trial     of     a     Product,     including     pharmacokinetic     studies, which     trial     (a)     is     not     required     in     order     to     obtain     Regulatory     Approval     of     an     indication;     and     (b) either     (i)     is     required     by     the     Regulatory     Authority     as     mandatory     to     be     conducted     on     or     after     the Regulatory     Approval     of     an     indication,     or     (ii)     is     conducted     voluntarily     to     enhance     marketing     or scientific     knowledge     of     the     product     (e.g.,     providing     additional     drug     profile,     outcomes     research, safety data or marketing support information, or supporting expansion of product     labeling).  
   
 17 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.136      PMDA    means Japan s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency and     any successor agency(ies) or authority having substantially the same     function.  
   
   1.137      Preexisting Third Party IP    means those intellectual property rights owned or     controlled by Third Parties as of the Execution Date that are necessary or reasonably useful for     the Exploitation of Licensed Products and which are set forth in   Exhibit     1.137  .  
   
 1.138      Pricing Approval    means governmental approval, agreement, determination or     decision establishing     prices     that     can     be     charged     and/or     reimbursed     for     a     Product     in     a     jurisdiction     where the applicable Governmental Authority or Regulatory Authority approves or determines     the pricing of pharmaceutical     products.  
   
 1.139      Product    means any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed     Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, as applicable.  
   
 1.140      Product     Complaint        means     all     data,     which     come     to     the     attention     of     either     Party,     its Affiliates or its sub-licensees, concerning any dissatisfaction regarding a Product of such a     nature and magnitude that it is required under Applicable Laws to be collected, maintained and     reported to a Regulatory Authority, including reports of actual or suspected product     tampering, contamination, mislabeling or inclusion of improper     ingredients.  
   
   1.141      Product     IND        means     any     IND     filed     in     the     Territory     related     to     a     Product,     whether     in existence as of the Effective Date or filed with the FDA during the Term, including     any supplements or amendments thereto. The Product INDs as of the Execution Date are set forth     on   Exhibit 1.141  .  
   
 1.142      Product Liabilities    means all losses, damages, fees, costs and other liabilities     incurred by     a     Party,     its     Affiliate     or     its     sublicensee     and     resulting     from     or     relating     to     the     any     use     of     a Compound and/or a Product in a human (including in Clinical Trials and/or pursuant     to Commercialization) in the Territory, other than any losses, damages, fees, costs and     other liabilities     that     are     a     result     of     a     Party s,     its     Affiliates      or     its     sublicensee s     negligence,     willful misconduct     or     breach     of     such     Party s     representations     and     warranties     made     hereunder.     For     the avoidance of doubt, Product Liabilities include, reasonable attorneys  and experts  fees and     costs relating     to     any     claim     or     potential     claim     against     a     Party,     its     Affiliate,     or     its     sublicensee     and     all losses, damages, fees, costs. Product Liabilities shall not include liabilities  associated     with recalls and/or the voluntary or involuntary withdrawal of the Compound and/or a     Product.  
   
 1.143      Promotional     Materials        means     all     written,     printed,     graphic,     electronic,     audio     or     video presentations of information, including journal advertisements, sales visual aids,     formulary binders, reprints, direct mail, direct-to-consumer advertising, disease awareness     materials, internet     postings,     broadcast     advertisements     and     sales     reminder     aides     (for     example,     note     pads, pens and other such items, if appropriate) intended for use or used by or on behalf of a Party,     its Affiliates or its sublicensees in connection with the Commercialization of a Product in     the Territory.  

18 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.144      Product Regulatory Approval    means any Regulatory Documentation filed in     the Territory     which     is     related     to     a     Product     in     the     Licensed     Field,     whether     in     existence     as     of     the Effective Date or filed with the applicable Regulatory Authority during the Term, including     any supplements or amendments     thereto.  
   
 1.145      Product Trademarks    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.5(a).  
   
 1.146      PVA    has the meaning set forth in Section     9.8(a)(i).  
   
 1.147      Receiving Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     14.1.  
   
 1.148      Regulatory Approval    means any approval or authorization, including     Pricing Approvals, of any Regulatory Authority that is necessary for the Manufacture, use,     storage, import, transport and/or sale of a Product in accordance with Applicable     Laws.  
   
 1.149      Regulatory Approval Application    means an NDA or BLA, or any     corresponding application for Regulatory Approval in the Territory, including: (a) with respect to the     European Union, an MAA filed with the EMA pursuant to the Centralized Approval Procedure or with     the applicable Regulatory Authority of a country in Europe with respect to the     decentralized procedure,     mutual     recognition     or     any     national     approval     procedure;     and     (b)     an     MAA     filed     with the     PMDA,     including,     in     each     case,     all     supplements,     amendments,     variations,     extensions     and renewals     thereof.  
   
 1.150      Regulatory Authority    means any applicable Governmental Authority involved     in granting Regulatory Approval in a country or jurisdiction in the Territory, including in the     U.S., the FDA and any other applicable Governmental Authority in the U.S. having jurisdiction over     a Product;     in     the     EU,     the     EMA     or     any     competent     Government     Authority     in     the     EU;     in     Japan,     the PMDA; and any other applicable Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a     Product.  
   
 1.151      Regulatory Documentation    means, with respect to each Research Product or     Licensed Product,     all:     (a)     Regulatory     Materials,     including     all     data     contained     therein     and     all     supporting documents     created     for,     submitted     to     or     received     from     an     applicable     governmental     agency     or Regulatory Authority relating to such Regulatory Materials; and (b) other documentation     or Information     Controlled     by     a     Party     which     is     necessary     or     reasonably     useful     in     order     to     Exploit such     Product     in     the     applicable     Field     in     the     Territory,     including     any     registrations     and     licenses, regulatory drug lists, advertising and promotion documents shared with Regulatory     Authorities, adverse event files, complaint files and Manufacturing     records.  
   
 1.152      Regulatory Exclusivity    means any exclusive marketing rights or data protection      or other     exclusivity     rights     conferred     by     any     Regulatory     Authority     with     respect     to     a     Product     in     a country or jurisdiction in the Territory, other than a Patent right, including orphan     drug exclusivity,     pediatric     exclusivity,     rights     conferred     in     the     U.S.     under     the     Hatch     Waxman     Act,     in the EU under Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended, and Regulation (EC) No. 1901/2006,     as amended,     or     in     the     Biologics     Price     Competition     Act     as     set     forth     in     the     Patient     Protection       Affordable Care Act, or rights similar thereto in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions in     the Territory.  
 19 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.153      Regulatory Materials    means, with respect to each Product, all     documentation, correspondence, submissions and notifications submitted to or received from a     Regulatory Authority that are necessary or reasonably useful in order to Exploit such Product in     the applicable field in the Territory. For the avoidance of doubt, Regulatory Materials shall     include, with respect to each Product, all INDs, Regulatory Approval Applications,     Regulatory Approvals,     Pricing     Approvals     and     amendments     and     supplements     for     any     of     the     foregoing,     as well as the contents of any minutes from meetings (whether in person or by audio conference     or videoconference) with a Regulatory     Authority.  
   
 1.154      Representative Expert    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.3(b).  
   
 1.155      Research Materials    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.6(a).  
   
 1.156      Research Plan    means a [***] Research Plan or Option Product Research Plan,     as applicable.  
   
 1.157      Research Product    means a [***] Product, Candidate Product or Option Product,     as applicable.  
   
 1.158      Research Support    has the meaning set forth in Section     7.1.  
   
 1.159      Senior     Officer        means     the     Head     of     Research           Development     or     his     or     her     designee,     in the     case     of     Takeda     and,     the     Chief     Executive     Officer     or     his     or     her     designee,     in     the     case     of Ultragenyx.  
   
 1.160      Takeda [***] License    means the licenses granted to Takeda in Section     3.2.  
   
 1.161      Takeda Field    means [***].  
   
 1.162      Takeda Indemnitee    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.1.  
   
 1.163      Takeda Option    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.1.  
   
 1.164      Takeda Option Field    means all human indications other than the Takeda Field     for Licensed [***] Products, and all human indications for Licensed Analog Products,     Licensed Option Products and Ultragenyx Pipeline     Products.  
   
 1.165      Takeda Option Negotiation Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(d).  
   
 1.166      Takeda Option Notice    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(c).  
   
 1.167      Takeda Option Term    means the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending     on the     earlier     of     (a)     [***]     after     the     Effective     Date     or     (b)     with     respect     to     a     Licensed     [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed Option Product, or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product,     as  
 20 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

the case may be: (i) [***] after Takeda s receipt of the applicable   Final Phase   II   Data   Package   for   the   applicable   Licensed   [***]   Product,   Licensed   Analog   Product   or Licensed Option Product, (ii) [***] after Takeda s receipt of the   Final Phase II Data Package (or Final Phase III Data Package in the case of [***]) for the   applicable Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product   (other   than   [***])   and   (iii)   [***]   after   Takeda s   receipt   of the Final Phase II Data Package for [***]. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) in the event of   a [***]   of   Ultragenyx   [***],   the   Takeda   Option   Term   will   expire   with   respect   to   all   applicable   products   (i.e.,   any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed Option Product, or   Ultragenyx Pipeline Product) [***]; and (b) in   the event of a [***] of Ultragenyx at any time [***],   the   Takeda   Option   Term   will   expire with respect to all applicable products (i.e., any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog   Product, Licensed   Option   Product,   or   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product)   [***]   after   the   closing   of such [***]. 
   
   1.168      Takeda     Patents        means     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     and     any     Patent     that     claims     priority     (in accordance with Section 1.129) to the Licensed [***] Patent during the Term, and the     Ultragenyx Pipeline     Improvement     Patents     Controlled     by     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates.     The     Takeda     Patents     as     of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.168  .  
   
 1.169      Takeda Product Infringement    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.6(b)(i).  
   
 1.170      Takeda ROFN Territory    means     Japan.  
   
 1.171      Takeda Royalty Term    means, on a country-by-country and Exercised     Product-by- Exercised Product basis, the period commencing on the First Commercial Sale of such     Exercised Product in a country in the Takeda Territory by Takeda, its Affiliates, or sublicensees that     occurs after Takeda s exercise of the Takeda Option and ending upon the later of (a) ten (10) years     after First Commercial Sale of such Exercised Product, (b) the expiration of the last Valid Claim     that Covers the composition, or method of making or using, such Exercised Product and issued     from the     following,     as     applicable     to     the     particular     Exercised     Product:     a     (i)     Licensed     [***]     Patent,     (ii) Option Product Patent that Covers a Licensed Option Product that is subject to an active     Option Product License Agreement or (iii) Ultragenyx Pipeline Patent that Covers an     Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, or (c) the expiration of the applicable Regulatory Exclusivity for     such Exercised     Product.  
   
 1.172      Takeda Territory    means, (i) with respect to Licensed Products and Licensed     Option Products, Japan and Asia and (ii) with respect Ultragenyx Pipeline Products,     Japan.  
   
 1.173      Tax Conditions    means, with respect to the premium being paid by Takeda     to Ultragenyx under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, Ultragenyx s confirmation of     receipt of the tax residence certificate (IRS Form 6166) from the U.S. Internal Revenue     Service specified     in     Section     11.11(c)     and     appropriate     submission     of     such     certificate     and     required     forms and information with the Osaka Regional Taxation     Bureau.  
   
 21 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.174      Term    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.1.  
   
 1.175      Terminated Product    means any: (a) Option Product for which an Option     Product License     Agreement     has     not     been     executed     during     the     Option     Negotiation     Period     in     accordance with Section 6.12(a); (b) Research Product terminated pursuant to Section 6.7(d) or 18.5;     (c) Licensed     [***]     Compound     or     Licensed     [***]     Product     that     reverts     to     Takeda     pursuant     to     Section 4.3(f); or (d) Licensed Product or Research Product terminated pursuant to Section 15.2, 15.4     or 15.5.  
   
 1.176      Territory    means worldwide.  
   
 1.177      Third     Party        means     a     Person     other     than     Takeda     and     Ultragenyx     and     their     respective Affiliates.  
   
 1.178      Ultragenyx [***] Know-How    means all Information related to the Licensed     [***] Compound Controlled by Ultragenyx during the     Term.  
   
 1.179      Ultragenyx [***] License    means the licenses granted to Ultragenyx in Section     3.1.  
   
 1.180      Ultragenyx [***] Patents    means all Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates     as of the Execution Date or during the Term that are necessary or reasonably useful for     the Exploitation     of     the     Licensed     [***]     Compound     or     Licensed     Analog     Compound     in     the     Licensed Field in the Territory, but expressly excluding any Licensed Product Improvement Patents.     The Ultragenyx [***] Patents as of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.188  .  
   
 1.181      Ultragenyx     [***]     Technology        means     the     Ultragenyx     [***]     Patents     and     Ultragenyx     [***] Know-How.  
   
 1.182      Ultragenyx Field    means the Licensed Field, excluding the Takeda     Field.  
   
 1.183      Ultragenyx In-License Agreement    means [***] and     (g)     any other applicable agreement between Ultragenyx (or its Affiliates) and a Third Party under     which Takeda is granted a sublicense or other right under this     Agreement.  
   
 1.184      Ultragenyx Indemnitee    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.2.  
   
 1.185      Ultragenyx     Know-How        means     all     Information     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     during     the Term that is necessary or reasonably useful to Exploit a Compound or a Product in the     Licensed Field.  
   
 22 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.186      Ultragenyx Intellectual Property    means, collectively, Ultragenyx Know-How     and Ultragenyx     Patents.  
   
 1.187      Ultragenyx Option    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.11.  
   
   1.188      Ultragenyx Patents    means all Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Licensed Product     Improvement Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates, Option Product Improvement     Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates and Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents. The     Ultragenyx Patents as of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.188  .  
   
 1.189      Ultragenyx Pipeline Compound    means the active ingredient in an Ultragenyx     Pipeline Product.  
   
   1.190      Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvements    means any Invention related to an     Ultragenyx Pipeline     Product     made     (a)     solely     by,     or     on     behalf     of,     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees under this Agreement or (b) solely by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates under this Agreement.     For clarity,     (i)     employees     of     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees,     or     their     respective     agents     or independent contractors receiving consideration from Takeda or its Affiliates or sublicensees     in the     course     of     conducting     activities     under     this     Agreement,     shall     be     considered      solely     by,     or     on behalf     of      pursuant     to     this     Section     1.190,     and     (ii)     neither     Ultragenyx     nor     any     of     its     Affiliates shall,     under     any     circumstances     under     this     Agreement,     be     considered     an     agent     or     independent contractor of Takeda or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees for purposes of this Section     1.190.  
   
   1.191      Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents    means Patents that Cover     Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvements.  
   
 1.192      Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents    means all Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx as of     the Execution Date and during the Term that: (a) claim the composition of matter of, or the     method of making or using an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product; or (b) are otherwise necessary or     reasonably useful to Exploit an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product in the Licensed Field. The Ultragenyx     Pipeline Patents for the Takeda Territory as of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.188  .  
   
   1.193      Ultragenyx Pipeline Products    means all products that have entered into Clinical     Trials and are Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates during the Collaboration Term and     that Ultragenyx or its Affiliates have rights to Commercialize in the Takeda ROFN     Territory, [***].     For     purposes     of     this Section 1.193,  Controlled  shall not include [***]  
   
 23 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

[***]. 
   
 1.194      Ultragenyx Product Infringement    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.6(b)(i).  
   
   1.195      UX[***]    means the compound having Ultragenyx reference number UX[***] as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.196      UX[***]    means the compound having Ultragenyx reference number UX[***] as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.197      UX[***]        means     the     compound     having     Ultragenyx     reference     number     UX[***]     as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.198      UX[***]    means the compound having Ultragenyx reference number UX[***] as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.199      UX[***]        means     the     compound     having     Ultragenyx     reference     number     UX[***]     as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.200      Valid     Claim        means     a     claim     of     an     issued     and     unexpired     Patent     included     within     the Takeda Patents, the Ultragenyx Patents or the Joint Patents, to the extent such claim has not     been revoked, held invalid or unenforceable by a patent office, court or other governmental agency     of competent     jurisdiction     in     a     final     order,     from     which     no     further     appeal     can     be     taken,     and     which claim has not been disclaimed, denied or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through     reissue, re-examination or     disclaimer.  
   
 1.201      Validation Research Plan    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.2(b).  
   
   ARTICLE 2    OVERVIEW;   MANAGEMENT 
   
 2.1   Joint Steering Committee for Licensed     Products.  
   
   (a)   Formation and Purpose  . Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date,     the Parties     shall     promptly     establish     and     convene     a     Joint     Steering     Committee     (the        Joint     Steering     Committee    or    JSC   ) in accordance with Section 2.3(c)(i) that will direct and oversee     activities relating to the Licensed Products under this Agreement. The JSC shall consist of     representatives and     operate     by     the     procedures     in     accordance     with     Section     2.3.     Except     as     otherwise     provided herein, the role of the Joint Steering Committee shall     be:  
   
 (i)   to encourage and facilitate ongoing communication and     cooperation between     the     Parties     with     respect     to     the     Exploitation     by     the     Parties     of     Licensed     Products     in     the Licensed Field;  

24 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(ii)   to serve as a forum for sharing discoveries and exchanging data and     results generated by each Party relating to additional compounds Covered by the Licensed [***]     Patent;  
   
   (iii)   to evaluate and approve the inclusion as Licensed Analog Compounds of additional     compounds     that     are     Covered     by     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     but     that     do     not     meet     the definition of Licensed Analog Compounds [***];  
   
   (iv)   to evaluate and approve the exclusion from the definition of     Licensed Analog     Compounds     of     additional     compounds     that     are     Covered     by     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     [***];  
   
   (v)   to review and discuss [***] Development Plans and any     proposed amendments or revisions to the [***] Development     Plans;  
   
 (vi)   to review and discuss Commercialization Plans including the review     and discussion of any amendments to such Commercialization     Plans;  
   
 (vii)   to review and discuss Licensed Product regulatory issues, including     those raised     by     the     joint     regulatory     affairs     working     group     established     pursuant     to     Section     2.1(a)(viii) and Section     9.4(a);  
   
 (viii)   to     establish     other     such     working     groups     or     subcommittees,     as     needed     to further     the     purposes     of     the     Agreement     relating     to     Licensed     Products,     as     mutually     agreed     by     the Parties in     writing;  
   
 (ix)   to resolve any disputes referred to the JSC;     and  
   
 (x)   to approve or decide such other matters as provided in this     Agreement.  

(b)   
 
    JSC Decisions; Final Decision     Authority.   

(i)   The JSC will make good faith efforts to make all decisions by     consensus. Except as set forth in Section 2.1(b)(ii), actions to be taken by the Joint Steering Committee     shall be     taken     only     following     unanimous     vote,     with     each     Party s     representatives     collectively     having one     (1)     vote.     If     the     Joint     Steering     Committee     fails     to     reach     unanimous     agreement     on     a     matter before     it     for     decision     for     a     period     in     excess     of     fifteen     (15)     days     from     the     date     first     presented     to the     JSC     in     writing,     either     Party     may     submit     such     matter     for     resolution     to     the     Senior     Officers     of the     Parties     for     attempted     resolution     by     good     faith     negotiation     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     such notice is received by the Senior     Officers.  
   
   (ii)   If the Senior Officers of the Parties are unable to resolve such     dispute within     such     thirty     (30)     day     period,     such     dispute     shall     be     resolved     during     the     Term     as     follows. For the avoidance of doubt, the right of a Party to make final decisions with respect to any     issue  

25 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

shall not otherwise diminish or eliminate such Party s obligations under this   Agreement, including its obligation to exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts where required   herein. 
   
 (A)   Subject to Sections 2.1(b)(ii)(D) and 2.1(b)(ii)(E) and     provided that such decision does not result in an increase in the scope of work or costs associated     with the performance of any activities by Takeda under this Agreement, Ultragenyx will have     final decision     making     authority     over     [***];     and  
   
 (B)   Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***].  
   
 (C)   Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***].  

26 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(D)   If     Ultragenyx     exercises     the     [***]     Option     within     the     [***]     Option Term     for     the     co-Development     and     co-Commercialization     of     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the Takeda Field in the Territory, Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***].  
   
   (E)   If     Ultragenyx     does     not     exercise     the     [***]     Option     within     the     [***] Option Term for the co-Development and co-Commercialization of Licensed [***] Products     in the     Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory,     (a)     Ultragenyx     will     continue     to     have     final     decision     making authority over [***],     and     (b)     Takeda     will     continue     to     have     final     decision     making     authority     over [***].  
   
 (F)   Takeda shall have final decision making authority over     [***];  
   
 (G)   Ultragenyx shall have final decision making authority     over [***].  
   
 (iii)   Neither Party shall have the final decision making authority for any     other matter under the purview of the JSC and not covered by subsections (A)-(G), and the status     quo shall persist with respect to such matter if the Parties are unable to agree. For clarity, the     Parties anticipate     that     Licensed     Option     Products     and     Exercised     Products     will     be     governed     by     separate committees     and     final     decision     making     authority     to     be     established     pursuant     to     the     applicable Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement,     respectively.  
 (c)   Discontinuation of JSC.   Upon the second (2 nd ) anniversary of the Effective Date or any time thereafter, Ultragenyx shall have the right, upon written notice to Takeda,     to  
   
 27 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

discontinue   its   participation   in   the   JSC.   Once   Ultragenyx   has   provided   such   notice   to   Takeda, the JSC shall have no further obligations under this Agreement and, thereafter, Takeda shall   have final decision making authority with respect to the topics that were otherwise determined by   the JSC, subject to the other terms and conditions of this   Agreement. 

2.2   
 
  Joint Research Committee for Collaboration     Activities  .     

(a)   Formation and Purpose  . Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties     shall     promptly     establish     and     convene     a     Joint     Research     Committee     (the        Joint     Research     Committee        or        JRC   )     in     accordance     with     Section     2.3(c)(i)     for     the     overall     coordination     and oversight of the Collaboration Activities.  The JRC shall consist of representatives and     operate by the procedures in accordance with Section 2.3. Except as otherwise provided herein, the     Joint Research Committee shall be responsible for supporting the [***] in assessing, prioritizing, and advancing Takeda s rare genetic disease     products, including the following specific activities (collectively,    Collaboration     Activities   ):  
   
 (i)   review and approve the Validation Research Plan and any amendments thereto;  
   
 (ii)   review and approve the Option Product Research Plans and any amendments thereto;  
   
 (iii)   review and approve any amendments to the [***] Research Plan;  
   
 (iv)   evaluate and prioritize [***];  
   
 (v)   support the overall direction of Candidate Product and Option Product strategy;  
   
 (vi)   identify, define, and support collaborations with key experts and investigators and other third parties in support of the prioritized Candidate Products, Option Products and related indications;  
   
 (vii)   identify and implement opportunities [***];  
   
 (viii)   determine the [***]; and  
   
 (ix)   oversee and manage the secondee program provided for in Section 2.6.  
   
 (b)   Termination of Responsibilities.   Upon execution of an Option Product     License Agreement for an Option Product, the JRC will no longer have any responsibility  over     or decision making authority relating to such Option     Product.  
   
 28 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   
 
  JRC Decisions; Final Decision     Authority  .   

(i)   The     JRC     will     make     good     faith     efforts     to     make     all     decisions     by     consensus Except     as     set     forth     in     Section     2.2(c)(ii),     actions     to     be     taken     by     the     Joint     Research     Committee shall     be     taken     only     following     unanimous     vote,     with     each     Party s     representatives     collectively having one (1) vote. If the Joint Research Committee fails to reach unanimous agreement on     a matter     before     it     for     decision     for     a     period     in     excess     of     fifteen     (15)     days     from     the     date     first presented to the JRC in writing, either Party may submit such matter for resolution to the     Senior Officers of the Parties for attempted resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty (30)     days after such notice is received among the Senior     Officers.  
   
   (ii)   If the Senior Officers of the Parties are unable to resolve such     dispute within such thirty (30) day period, such dispute shall be resolved during the Collaboration     Term as follows. For the avoidance of doubt, the right of a Party to make final decisions with      respect to any issue shall not otherwise diminish or eliminate such Party s obligations under     this Agreement, including its obligation to exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts where     required herein.  
   
 (A)   Ultragenyx will have final decision making authority     over [***];  
   
 (B)   The Parties must mutually agree on the scope of     Research Support     to     be     provided     by     Takeda.     If     the     Parties     are     unable     to     unanimously     agree     on     the scope of the Research Support to be provided, then no Research Support shall be     provided;  
   
 (C)   Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***];     and  
   
 (D)   Neither Party shall have the final decision making authority for any     other     matter     under     the     purview     of     the     JRC     and     not     covered     by     subsections     (A)-(C),     and the status quo shall persist with respect to such matter if the Parties are unable to agree.     For clarity,     the     Parties     anticipate     that     Licensed     Option     Products     will     be     governed     by     a     separate committee and final decision making authority to be established pursuant to the     Option Product License     Agreement.  

2.3   
 
    Committee Membership and     Procedures  .   

(a)   Membership.   Takeda and Ultragenyx shall each designate an equal number     of representatives to serve on the JSC and the JRC (each, a    Committee   ) by written notices to     the other Party. Promptly after the Effective Date, each Party shall designate three     (3)  
 29 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

representatives for the JSC and three (3) representatives for the JRC. Each Committee may   elect to   vary   the   number   of   representatives   from   time   to   time   during   the   Term;   provided   that   each Committee shall maintain an equal number of representatives from each Party.   Each representative shall have the appropriate level of experience in the subject area of    the Committee, and at least one (1) representative shall have sufficient seniority within   the applicable Party s organization to have the necessary decision-making authority in order for   the Committee to fulfill its responsibilities. Either Party may designate substitutes for its   Committee representatives if one (1) or more of such Party s designated representatives is unable to   be present at a meeting. From time to time each Party may replace its Committee representatives   by written notice to the other Party specifying the prior representative(s) and their   replacement(s). 
   
 (b)   Chairperson  .     Each     Committee     will     have     two     chairpersons,     one     designated     by each     of     the     Parties.     The     chairpersons     shall     be     responsible     for     calling     and     convening     meetings, but     shall     have     no     special     authority     over     the     other     members     of     the     Committee,     and     shall     have     no additional voting rights. The chairpersons (or their designates) shall jointly: (i) prepare     and circulate an agenda reasonably in advance of each upcoming meeting; and (ii) prepare and     issue minutes of each Committee meeting within thirty (30) days thereafter. Such minutes shall not     be finalized     until     each     Committee     representative     reviews     and     approves     such     minutes     in     writing; provided that any minutes shall be deemed approved unless a member of such Committee     objects to the accuracy of such minutes within fifteen (15) days after the circulation of the     minutes.  

(c)   
 
  Meetings  .   

(i)   Committee     Meetings.     Each     Committee     shall     meet     at     least     once     each Calendar Quarter. Additional meetings of the Committees may be held with the consent of     each Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), as required     under this     Agreement.     In     the     case     of     any     dispute     referred     to     a     Committee,     such     meeting     shall     be     held within     five     (5)     Business     Days     following     referral     to     the     Committee,     or     as     soon     as     reasonably possible.  
   
 (ii)   General Requirements.   Meetings of a Committee shall be effective     only if a majority of representatives of each Party are present or participating. Other than the     initial meeting,     which     shall     be     held     in     person,     a     Committee     may     meet     either     (A)     in     person     at     either Party s facilities or at such locations as the Parties may otherwise agree; or (B) by audio or     video teleconference. Additional non-members of a Committee having relevant experience may     from time     to     time     be     invited     to     participate     in     a     Committee     meeting,     provided     that     such     participants shall have no voting rights or powers. Non-member participants who are not employees of     a Party or its Affiliates shall only be allowed to attend if: (i) the other Party s representatives     have consented to the attendance (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned     or delayed); and (ii) such non-member participant is subject to confidentiality and     non-use obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Agreement. Each Party shall     be responsible for all of its own expenses incurred in connection with participating in     the Committees     including     all     travel     and     all     expenses     associated     with     an     initial     alliance     kick-off meeting.     All     other     expenses     incurred     by     a     Committee     in     furtherance     of     a     meeting,     such     as expenses associated with off-site meetings, shall be shared equally by the     Parties.  
   
 30 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

2.4   Alliance Managers  .  Promptly following the Effective Date, each Party shall      designate in writing an Alliance Manager to serve as the primary point of contact for the Parties     regarding all collaboration and transition activities contemplated under this Agreement. Each     Alliance Manager     shall     facilitate     communication     and     coordination     of     the     Parties      activities     under     this Agreement relating to the Products and shall plan the Committee meetings. The     Alliance Managers shall be allowed to attend Committee meetings as non-voting     observers.  
   
 2.5   Authority  . The Parties agree that, in voting on matters as described in this ARTICLE      2, it shall be conclusively presumed that unless otherwise explicitly stated, each voting member      of a Committee has the authority and approval of such member s respective senior management     in casting     his     or     her     vote.     Each     Committee     shall     have     only     the     powers     assigned     expressly     to     it     in this     ARTICLE     2     and     elsewhere     in     this     Agreement,     and     shall     not     have     any     power     to     amend, modify or waive compliance with this     Agreement.  
   
   2.6   Takeda Secondee.   Takeda shall have the right, at its own expense, to place      one employee of Takeda or its Affiliates, who is reasonably acceptable to Ultragenyx, as a     secondee with     Ultragenyx     at     any     time     during     the     Collaboration     Term;     provided     that     such     secondee     shall enter into a confidentiality agreement with Ultragenyx prior to placement. Takeda may, one     or more     times     during     the     Collaboration     Term,     substitute     such     employee     with     another     employee     of Takeda or its     Affiliates.  
   
   ARTICLE 3      LICENSES FOR [***] AND   ANALOGS 
   
   3.1   Licenses from Takeda to Ultragenyx.   Subject to the terms and conditions of     this Agreement, Takeda hereby grants to Ultragenyx in the Territory during the     Term:  
   
   (a)   an exclusive (even as to Takeda and its Affiliates, subject to the retention of     rights to conduct activities under the [***] Development Plan) license, with the right to grant     sublicenses solely     in     accordance     with     Section     3.3,     under     the     Licensed     [***]     Technology,     Licensed     Product Improvements     Controlled     by     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     Licensed     Product     Improvement     Patents Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, and Joint Intellectual Property to Exploit the Licensed     [***] Products in the Ultragenyx     Field;  
   
 (b)   a co-exclusive license, without the right to grant sublicenses, under the     Licensed  
 [***] Technology, Licensed Product Improvements Controlled by Takeda or its   Affiliates, Licensed Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, and   Joint Intellectual Property to conduct activities under the [***] Development Plan in the Takeda Field   in the Territory;   and 
   
   (c)   an     exclusive     (even     as     to     Takeda     and     its     Affiliates)     license,     including     the     right     to grant     sublicenses     solely     in     accordance     with     Section     3.3,     under     the     Licensed     [***]     Technology, Licensed Product Improvements Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, Licensed     Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, and Joint Intellectual Property     to Exploit the Licensed Analog Compounds and Licensed Analog Products in the Licensed Field     in the Territory; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the licenses granted in this      Section 3.1(c),     at     any     time     during     the     Term     Ultragenyx     shall     not,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates     not     to     (i)  
 31 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

directly   or   indirectly   Exploit   any   Licensed   Analog   Product   in   the   Takeda   Field   or   (ii)   license, authorize,   appoint,   or   otherwise   enable   any   Third   Party   to,   directly   or   indirectly,   Exploit   any Licensed Analog Product in the Takeda   Field. 
   
   3.2   Licenses from Ultragenyx to Takeda.   Subject to the terms and conditions of     this Agreement, Ultragenyx hereby grants to Takeda in the Territory during the     Term:  
   
   (a)   an     exclusive     (even     as     to     Ultragenyx     and     its     Affiliates,     subject     to     the     retention     of rights     to     conduct     activities     under     the     [***]     Development     Plan)     license,     with     the     right     to     grant sublicenses under multiple tiers solely in accordance with Section 3.3, under the Ultragenyx     [***] Technology  ,   Licensed Product Improvements Controlled by Ultragenyx or its     Affiliates, Licensed Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates, and     Joint Intellectual Property to (i) Exploit the Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in     the Territory,     and     (ii)     Exploit     any     structures     Covered     by     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent,     other     than     with respect to Licensed Analog Compounds, in the Takeda Field in the     Territory.  
   
 (b)   a co-exclusive license, without the right to grant sublicenses,  under     the Ultragenyx     [***]     Technology  ,     Licensed     Product     Improvements     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     or     its Affiliates, Licensed Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates,     and Joint Intellectual Property to conduct activities under the [***] Development Plan in     the Ultragenyx Field in the Territory and to perform the activities under the [***] Development     Plan.  
   
   3.3   Sublicensing  . Each Party shall have the right to grant sublicenses, through multiple     tiers, of     the     rights     granted     to     such     Party     under     Sections     3.1(a)     and     3.1(c)     (in     the     case     of     Ultragenyx) and     Section     3.2(a)     (in     the     case     of     Takeda),     to     its     Affiliates     and     to     Third     Parties;     provided, however     that     (a)     subject     to     Section     5.2,     Ultragenyx     shall     not     grant     a     sublicense     of     the     rights granted to it under (i) Section 3.1(a) to a Third Party without the prior written consent of     Takeda (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or (ii) Section 3.1(c) in the     Takeda Field     and     (b)     Takeda     shall     not     grant     a     sublicense     of     the     rights     granted     to     it     under     Section     3.2(a) to a Third Party without the prior written consent of Ultragenyx (not to be      unreasonably withheld,     conditioned     or     delayed).     Each     sublicense     shall     refer     to     and     be     subordinate     to     this Agreement     and,     except     to     the     extent     the     Parties     otherwise     agree     in     writing,     any     sublicense     must be consistent in all material respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.     Upon termination     of     this     Agreement,     any     sublicense     granted     by     Ultragenyx     to     a     Third     Party     shall continue     and     be     transferred     to     Takeda     and     any     sublicense     granted     by     Takeda     to     a     Third     Party shall continue and be transferred to Ultragenyx; provided that such sublicenses comply with     the requirements of this Section 3.3. Each Party shall remain responsible for the performance of     this Agreement and the performance of its sublicensees hereunder.  
   
 3.4   No Implied Licenses  . No license or other right is or shall be created or granted     hereunder by     implication,     estoppel,     or     otherwise.     All     licenses     and     rights     are     or     shall     be     granted     only     as expressly     provided     in     this     Agreement.     All     rights     not     expressly     granted     by     a     Party     under     this Agreement are reserved by the Party and may not be used by the other Party for any     purpose.  

32 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

ARTICLE 4      LICENSED PRODUCT   DEVELOPMENT 
   
 4.1   Overview of Product Development  . The Parties desire and intend to collaborate     with respect to the Development of the Licensed Product in the Licensed Field in the Territory, to     the extent set forth in this Agreement. Takeda s Development of the Licensed [***] Products in     the Takeda     Field     and     Ultragenyx s     Development     of     the     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx Field     and     Licensed     Analog     Products     in     the     Licensed     Field     shall     be     conducted     in     a     manner consistent with the [***] Development Plans and using Commercially Reasonable     Efforts.  

4.2   
 
  Transition and Exchange of Know-How     

(a)   Transition from Takeda to Ultragenyx.   As soon as practicable after     the Effective     Date,     the     Parties     will     cooperate     and     act     in     good     faith     to     support     the     transition     of     the Licensed [***] Product from Takeda to Ultragenyx in the Ultragenyx Field and, solely     for purposes     of     Ultragenyx s     performance     of     its     obligations     under     Section     4.3(a)(ii),     in     the     Takeda Field,     at     no     additional     consideration     payable     to     Takeda,     including     the     (i)     transition     and,     to     the extent appropriate, assignment of Regulatory Materials and Regulatory Approvals covering     the Licensed [***] Product in the Ultragenyx Field and, solely for purposes of     Ultragenyx s performance     of     its     obligations     under     Section     4.3(a)(ii),     in     the     Takeda     Field,     from     Takeda     to Ultragenyx, (ii) sharing of the Licensed [***] Know-How with Ultragenyx to the extent     necessary or     reasonably     useful     for     the     use     of     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     and     the     Licensed     Analog     Products for and implementation of the Initial [***] Development Plan, and (iii) transferring to     Ultragenyx, at no cost to Ultragenyx, those biological materials or chemical compounds related to     the Licensed     [***]     Product     Controlled     by     Takeda     as     of     the     Execution     Date     as     are     necessary     for Ultragenyx to perform the activities allocated to it under the Initial [***] Development     Plan. Takeda will also use Commercially Reasonable Efforts, at Ultragenyx s sole cost and expense,     to assign     or     sublicense     to     Ultragenyx     any     existing     Third     Party     agreements     that     are     necessary     or reasonably     useful     for     the     Exploitation     of     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the Territory.     Within     forty-five     (45)     days     after     the     receipt     of     an     invoice     from     Takeda     reflecting     the costs and expenses of such assignment or sublicense, Ultragenyx shall pay the invoiced     amounts to     Takeda.  
   
 (b)   Know-How Sharing by Ultragenyx.   Ultragenyx shall provide to     Takeda, promptly after the Effective Date and during the Term upon Ultragenyx Know-How     being obtained or generated by Ultragenyx, at no additional cost or expense to Takeda, all     such Ultragenyx Know-How as is necessary or reasonably useful to enable Takeda: (a) to perform     its obligations     under     this     Agreement;     (b)     to     Exploit     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field, and (c) to Exploit any structures Covered by the Licensed [***] Patent, other than with respect     to Licensed Analog Compounds, in the Takeda Field in the     Territory.  

4.3   
 
  Development     Activities  .     

(a)   Throughout the Term, Ultragenyx will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts     to  
 (i)   Exploit   a   Licensed   [***]   Product   or   Licensed   Analog   Product   in   the   Ultragenyx   Field   in   the Territory and  (ii) complete Development  activities  for a  Licensed [***]  Product  in  the   Takeda 
   
 33 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Field,   in   each   case   at   Ultragenyx s   sole   expense   and   pursuant   to   the   Initial   [***]   Development Plan. 
   
   (b)   If the Parties mutually agree to conduct other Development activities with     respect to     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     other     than     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan,     then     the Parties shall prepare a plan (including timeline and budget) covering the Development     activities to     be     completed,     the     Party     responsible     for     completing     such     activities,     and     the     Party     responsible for the associated costs (together with the Initial [***] Development Plan, the    [***]     Development     Plans   ).  
   
   (c)   If Ultragenyx elects to pursue Development of a Licensed Analog     Product, Ultragenyx will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit such Licensed Analog     Product in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the     Territory     at     Ultragenyx s     sole     expense     and     pursuant     to     a     [***] Development Plan for such Licensed Analog Product.  
   
 (d)   At Ultragenyx s sole expense, Takeda, using Commercially Reasonable     Efforts, will (i) conduct initial manufacturing process development and scale-up activities for     the Licensed     Products     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan     and     in     accordance     with     the agreed     upon     budget     contained     therein,     (ii)     will     work     with     Ultragenyx     to     transfer     Licensed     [***] Know-How as necessary or reasonably useful for Development and for the purposes     of completing Regulatory Applications, initiating Clinical Trials and for      transitioning manufacturing activities to Ultragenyx, and (iii) conduct such other Development     and Manufacturing activities as may be mutually agreed by the     Parties.  
   
 (e)   Each     Party     shall     conduct     its     activities     under     this     Agreement     in     good     scientific manner     and     in     compliance     in     all     material     respects     with     all     Applicable     Laws,     including,     GCP, GLP, and     GMP.  
   
   (f)   If Ultragenyx breaches its obligations under Section 4.3(a) or 4.3(c) or     is otherwise no longer actively conducting Development of a Licensed [***] Compound     and Licensed [***] Product in any indication in the Ultragenyx Field, then [***] of the date Ultragenyx stopped actively conducting such Development,     the Ultragenyx [***] License for the Licensed [***] Compound and Licensed [***] Product     shall terminate and, [***] of such event, such license shall revert to     Takeda and the terms of Section 15.7(c) shall apply with respect to such Compound and     Product; provided, that, upon the reversion of rights to Takeda, Takeda shall not develop such Product     in the Ultragenyx Field except in accordance with Takeda s exercise of the Takeda Option or     right of     first     negotiation     pursuant     to     ARTICLE     8.     If,     prior     to     the     effective     date     of     such     reversion, Ultragenyx     determines     it     wishes     to     license     such     Compound     or     Product     from     Takeda     in     the Ultragenyx Field, Ultragenyx may provide written notice to Takeda. Following receipt of     such notice, Takeda and Ultragenyx will negotiate in good faith such license agreement for a period     of [***] thereafter, which period may be extended by mutual agreement. Any     resulting license     agreement     will     be     subject     to     Takeda s     exercise     of     the     Takeda     Option     or     right     of     first negotiation pursuant to ARTICLE     8.  

34 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(g)   Neither Party may Develop Licensed [***] Products in the Ultragenyx Field     except as     set     forth     in     the     [***]     Development     Plan.     Takeda     shall     have     the     sole     discretion     to     Develop Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda     Field.  

4.4   
 
    Clinical Trial Registry  .     

(a)   Ultragenyx shall be responsible for registering any Clinical Trial     performed pursuant     to     the     [***]     Development     Plans     in     the     appropriate     clinical     trial     registry     (e.g., clinicaltrials.gov) and posting the results of such Clinical Trials as required by Applicable     Laws.  
   
 (b)   The posting of any results to a clinical trial registry in accordance  with     this Section 4.4 shall be considered a  publication  and subject to the Parties  obligations set forth     in Section 14.9.  
   
   4.5   Records; Disclosure of Data and Results.   In   conformity with standard     pharmaceutical industry     practices     and     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement,     each     Party     shall     prepare     and maintain,     or     shall     cause     to     be     prepared     and     maintained,     complete     and     accurate     written     records, accounts, notes, reports and data with respect to activities conducted pursuant to the     [***] Development     Plans     for     a     minimum     of     three     (3)     years     following     the     end     of     the     Calendar     Year     to which they pertain (or such longer period as may be required by Applicable Laws) and, upon     the other     Party s     reasonable     written     request,     shall     send     legible     copies     (in     English     and     in     electronic format)     of     the     aforesaid     to     the     other     Party,     to     the     extent     not     already     provided,     throughout     the Term and for a minimum of twelve (12) months following the Term. Upon reasonable     advance notice, at the request of the JSC, each Party agrees to make its employees and     consultants reasonably     available     at     their     respective     places     of     employment     to     consult     with     the     other     Party     on issues arising in connection with the [***] Development Plans.   In   accordance with the     reporting format     and     schedule     approved     by     the     JSC,     each     Party     shall     promptly     and     fully     disclose     to     the other Party in writing all data, including preclinical data, Clinical Trial data, formulation      data and     manufacturing     data,     generated     by     or     on     behalf     of     such     Party     with     respect     to     the     Products     in the     Licensed     Field.     Without     limiting     the     foregoing:     (a)     Ultragenyx     shall     keep     Takeda     regularly and     fully     informed     by     reporting     to     the     JSC     on     a     quarterly     basis     regarding     the     Development     of Licensed     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the     Territory     by     Ultragenyx,     its     Affiliates     and sublicensees,     including     information     regarding     the     status     of     Clinical     Trials,     filing     of     Regulatory Materials     and     receipt     of     Regulatory     Approval     with     respect     to     the     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx Field in the Territory; (b) on at least an annual basis (but in any event, no later than December     1 of each Calendar Year), each Party, as applicable, shall submit to the JSC proposed updates     and amendments, as appropriate, to the [***] Development Plans; and (c) Takeda shall     keep Ultragenyx regularly informed by reporting to the JSC on a quarterly basis regarding     the Development of Licensed Products in the Takeda Field by Takeda, its  Affiliates and sublicensees, including information regarding the status of any Clinical Trials, filing     of Regulatory     Materials     and     receipt     of     Regulatory     Approval     with     respect     to     the     Products     in     the Takeda Field in the     Territory.  
   
 ARTICLE 5    [***] CO-DEVELOPMENT AND   CO-COMMERCIALIZATION 
   
   5.1   Co-Development and Co-Commercialization Negotiation for Takeda     Field  .  
 35 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   As     soon     as     practicable,     but     no     later     than     [***],     Ultragenyx     shall     deliver     to     Takeda     the     Final [***]     Data     Package     for     such     Licensed     Product.     For     a     period     of     [***]     following     the deadline     for     delivery     of     such     Final     [***]     Data     Package     for     the     first     Licensed     [***]     Product     or Takeda s     earlier     receipt     of     such     Final     [***]     Data     Package     (the        [***]     Option     Term   ),     Ultragenyx will have the right to exercise an exclusive option to co-Develop and co-Commercialize     the Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in the Territory (the    [***] Option   ). Upon exercise     of the [***] Option prior to the expiration of the [***] Option Term, the Parties will negotiate in     good faith, for a period of up to [***] (the    [***] License     Negotiation     Period   ),     the     terms     relating     to     the     co-Development     and     co-Commercialization     of     the     Licensed [***]     Products     in     the     Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory     (other     than     the     rights     regarding     final     decision making authority of the Parties, which will be as set forth in Section     2.1(b)(ii)(D)).  
   
 (b)   If Ultragenyx exercises the [***] Option within the [***] Option Term  and     the Parties reach agreement regarding the co-Development and co-Commercialization of     the Licensed [***] Product in the Takeda Field within the [***] License Negotiation Period,     such agreement,     including     any     needed     modification     to     the     Ultragenyx     [***]     License     and     Takeda     [***] License,     will     be     entered     into     by     the     Parties     or     their     designated     Affiliates.     Such     agreement     shall provide that, if Ultragenyx terminates the Development of Licensed [***] Products in     the Ultragenyx Field, then Ultragenyx shall have the right to terminate such co-Development and co- Commercialization     of     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the     Takeda     Field     upon     providing     Takeda     with the     following     prior     written     notice:     (i)     if     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     is     in     Development     at     the     time of termination, [***], and (ii) if the Licensed [***] Product is being Commercialized     at the time of termination, [***].  
   
 (c)   If Ultragenyx exercises the [***] Option within the [***] Option Term  and     the Parties     fail     to     reach     an     agreement     regarding     the     co-Development     and     co-Commercialization     of the     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field     within     the     [***]     License     Negotiation     Period,     then Takeda and Ultragenyx shall have the right to submit their proposed terms for such     co-   Development and co-Commercialization of the Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in     the Territory     to     binding     arbitration     as     set     forth     in     Section     16.3;     provided,     however,     that     the     rights regarding     the     final     decision     making     authority     of     the     Parties     as     set     forth     in     Section     2.1(b)(ii)(D) will not be subject to modification in such     arbitration.  
   
   5.2   Takeda Right of First Negotiation for the Ultragenyx Field.     Notwithstanding Ultragenyx s     right     to     sublicense     under     Section     3.3,     Ultragenyx     does     not     have     the     right     to     enter into an agreement with any Third Party for the co-Development and/or     co-Commercialization (including co-promotion) of the Licensed Product in the Ultragenyx Field except in     accordance with the terms of this Section 5.2. If Ultragenyx intends to co-Develop and/or     co-Commercialize (including co-promote) with a Third Party a Licensed Product in the Ultragenyx     Field, Ultragenyx     will     provide     Takeda     with     prior     written     notice     of     such     intent     and,     for     a     period     of     [***] after receipt of such notice, Takeda will have a right of     first negotiation to enter into a definitive agreement with Ultragenyx for such co-Development     and/or co-Commercialization     (including     co-promotion).     If     the     Parties     fail     to     enter     into     a     definitive  
   
 36 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

agreement   prior   to   the   expiration   of   [***],   Ultragenyx   will have the right to enter into a definitive agreement with a Third Party (including via   sublicensing as set forth in Section 3.3) for the co-Development and/or co-Commercialization (including   co- promotion)   of   the   Licensed   Product   in   the   Ultragenyx   Field;   provided,   that,   [***], Ultragenyx shall   not enter into such a definitive agreement with a Third Party on terms, when viewed as a whole,   that are less favorable to Ultragenyx than the terms last offered to Ultragenyx by   Takeda. 
   
   5.3   Commercialization Plans.   Each Party shall submit a Commercialization Plan to the     JSC for     discussion     no     less     [***]     prior     to     the     anticipated     date     of     such     Party     obtaining Regulatory Approval for a Licensed Product. Thereafter, each Party shall provide a copy of     the then-current     Commercialization     Plan     to     the     JSC     at     least     once     each     Calendar     Year     during     the Licensed Product Royalty Term and Takeda Royalty Term, as     applicable.  

5.4   
 
  Commercialization Activities.     

(a)   Ultragenyx Commercialization  . Ultragenyx shall use Commercially     Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize the Licensed Product in the Ultragenyx Field in the     Territory throughout     the     Term.     Subject     to     any     modifications     based     on     agreements     reached     pursuant     to Sections 5.1 and 5.2, Ultragenyx s Commercially Reasonable Efforts requirements and     the provisions of Section 2.1(b), Ultragenyx has sole discretion relating to all aspects of     the Commercialization     of     Licensed     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the     Territory.     As     between the     Parties,     Ultragenyx     shall     bear     all     of     the     costs     and     expenses     incurred     in     connection     with     all such Commercialization activities. On an annual basis, and no later than March 1 of     each Calendar Year following the First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product in the  Ultragenyx Field     in     the     Territory,     Ultragenyx     shall     present     a     reasonably     detailed     written     report     to     the     JSC summarizing Ultragenyx s overall Commercialization activities undertaken during the     previous Calendar Year with respect to the Licensed Products in the Ultragenyx     Field.  
   
 (b)   Takeda Commercialization  . Subject to any modifications based on     agreements reached     pursuant     to     Sections     5.1     and     5.2     and     the     provisions     of     Section     2.1(b),     Takeda     has     sole discretion relating to the Commercialization of Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in     the Territory.     As     between     the     Parties,     Takeda     shall     bear     all     of     the     costs     and     expenses     incurred     in connection with all such Commercialization     activities.  

(a)   Ownership.   Each Party shall own, throughout the world, each Product     trademark that it develops for a Product in its Field in the Territory (each a  Product Trademark ).     All goodwill     attributable     to     a     Party s     Product     Trademark     generated     by     the     Commercialization     of     a Product bearing such mark shall inure to the benefit of such     Party.  
   
 (b)   Use.   Neither Party shall be obligated to use the other Party s Product     Trademark or     House     Marks     except     to     the     extent     required     by     Applicable     Law     or     regulatory     requirement. Neither     Party     shall,     during     the     Term     or     thereafter,     adopt,     register     or     use     any     trademark,     trade  
   
 37 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

name,   brand   name,   symbol   or   logo   that   is   identical,   or   confusingly   similar,   to   the   other   Party s Product   Trademarks. 
   
 (c)   Filing; Maintenance.   Each Party shall solely be responsible for, and shall     solely bear all costs associated with maintenance and enforcement of, such Party s Product     Trademark.  
   
 ARTICLE 6      RESEARCH COLLABORATION 
   
   6.1  Research Collaboration Generally . The Parties will conduct research of Takeda s   [***] Compound and Candidate Products as set forth in this Agreement. As further described   below, the Candidate Products will be selected from the Takeda-Controlled compounds listed on    Exhibit  
  6.1   attached   hereto,   as   may   be   amended   from   time   to   time   by   Takeda   in   its   sole   discretion   (the   Listed     Compounds  ). 

6.2   
 
    Nomination of Candidate Products and Validation     Research .  

(a)   Nomination  . Either Party may nominate compounds from the Listed     Compounds for consideration and approval by the JRC as candidate products under this Agreement     (upon such approval, each such Listed Compound shall thereafter be a    Candidate Product   ). The     JRC may select up to five (5) Candidate Products for validation pursuant to Section 6.2(b) at any     one time.     If   five (5)  Candidate     Products     have     been     selected     at     any     one     time,     neither     Party     may nominate     any     additional     Listed     Compound     to     be     considered     as     a     Candidate     Product     unless     and until     the     Parties     determine,     after     the     completion     or     termination     of     research     activities     under     the applicable     Validation     Research     Plan,     that     a     Candidate     Product     will     not     be     nominated     as     an Option Product.  
   
   (b)   Validation Research Plan  . Takeda will design, with input from Ultragenyx,     a research plan and budget for the initial validation for each Candidate Product (each,     a    Validation     Research     Plan   ),     with     each     such     Validation     Research     Plan     intended     to     sufficiently include the activities required to provide information and data necessary for the JRC      to determine     whether     to     nominate     a     Candidate     Product     as     an     Option     Product.     Each     Validation Research     Plan     will     be     submitted     to     the     JRC     for     approval     (for     which     Takeda     will     have     final decision-making authority in accordance with Section 2(c)(ii)(C)) and will be funded by     Takeda and performed by or on behalf of Takeda, in Takeda s sole     discretion.  

6.3   
 
    [***] Research Plan and Transition   

(a)   During     the     Collaboration     Term     with     respect     to     the     [***]     Products,     the     Parties     will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit the [***] Products, at Ultragenyx s sole     expense, pursuant     to     the     initial     research     plan     and     budget     for     the     [***]     Products     attached     hereto     as     Exhibit     6.3(a)   (the    [***] Research Plan   ). Pursuant to the [***] Research Plan and in accordance with     the associated budget, at Ultragenyx s sole expense, Takeda will use Commercially     Reasonable Efforts to conduct initial Manufacturing process development and scale-up of the [***]     Products, as     agreed     by     the     Parties.     For     clarity,     there     will     not     be     any     Validation     Research     Plan     for     the     [***] Products.  
   
 38 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   During the Collaboration Term with respect to the [***] Products, the Parties     shall cooperate     and     act     in     good     faith     to     support     the     transition     of     the     [***]     Products     from     Takeda     to Ultragenyx     in     the     Licensed     Field     to     the     extent     necessary     or     reasonably     useful     for     Ultragenyx     to perform     the     [***]     Research     Plan,     including     the     transition     of     Option     Product     Know-How     with respect to the [***] Products. [***].  
   
  6.4    Option Product Research Plan . During the Collaboration Term with respect to   each Option Product for which there is an agreed Option Product Research Plan, Ultragenyx will   use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit each Option Product in accordance with   the applicable Option Product Research   Plan. 

6.5   
 
      Limited Licenses During the Collaboration     Term .    

(a)   License to     Ultragenyx  .  
   
   (i)   Upon     selection     of     a     Candidate     Product     as     an     Option     Product     by     the     JRC and as of the Effective Date with respect to [***] Products, Takeda hereby grants to Ultragenyx     a limited, co-exclusive (with Takeda and its Affiliates), non-transferable,     non-sublicensable, royalty-free license under the Option Product Technology, Option Product     Improvements Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, Option Product Improvement Patents Controlled     by Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     and     Joint     Intellectual     Property     to     Exploit     the     Option     Product     solely     in accordance with the activities to be performed by Ultragenyx under the Option Product     Research Plan.  
   
 (ii)   The     foregoing     license     under     Section     6.5(a)(i)     will     continue     on     an     Option Product-by-Option Product basis until the earlier of (A) execution of an Option Product     License Agreement, (B) failure by the Parties to enter into an Option Product License Agreement by     the expiration     of     the     applicable     Option     Negotiation     Period,     or     (C)     expiration     or     termination     of     the Collaboration     Term,     at     which     time     such     Option     Product     shall     be     a     Terminated     Product     and     all rights to such Option Product will revert to Takeda in accordance with Section 15.7(c);     provided that, if in the case of (C), an Option Negotiation Period is then ongoing, the Collaboration     Term with     respect     to     such     Option     Product     will     automatically     extend     until     the     earlier     of     (1)     expiration of     such     Option     Negotiation     Period     or     (2)     execution     of     the     applicable     Option     Product     License Agreement.  
   
 (b)   License to Takeda  . During the Collaboration Term, with respect to     each Research Product, Ultragenyx hereby grants to Takeda a limited, non-exclusive,     non- transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license, under all Ultragenyx Intellectual     Property, Option     Product     Improvements     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     and     Joint     Intellectual     Property     for     use in the Licensed Field in the Territory solely to perform its obligations under each Research     Plan and to the extent necessary or reasonably useful for Takeda to evaluate a Candidate     Product.  
   
 (c)   No     Implied     Licenses  .     No     license     or     other     right     is     or     shall     be     created     or     granted hereunder     during     the     Collaboration     Term     with     respect     to     any     Research     Product     by     implication,  
 39 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

estoppel,   or   otherwise.   All   rights   not   expressly   granted   by   a   Party   under   this   Agreement   are reserved by such Party and may not be used by the other Party for any   purpose. 

6.6   
 
    Research Materials Transfer .  

(a)     In order to facilitate the activities contemplated by this Agreement, Takeda     shall transfer to Ultragenyx, at no cost to Ultragenyx (i) those quantities of [***] Compound     Controlled by     Takeda     as     of     the     Execution     Date     as     are     necessary     for     Ultragenyx     to     perform     the     activities allocated to it under the [***] Research Plan and (ii) reasonable quantities of biological     materials or     chemical     compounds     Controlled     by     Takeda     at     the     time     a     Candidate     Product     becomes     an Option Product for Development of such Option Product (collectively, the    Research     Materials   ) by Ultragenyx in furtherance of the applicable Research Plans. Such transfer shall be pursuant     to a mutually agreed upon Research Materials transfer plan and schedule (including, as necessary,     a separate agreement with respect to such transfer which the Parties shall enter as soon     as practicable     (A)     after     the     Effective     Date     in     the     case     of     the     foregoing     clause     (i)     or     (B)     after     a Candidate Product becomes an Option Product in the case of the foregoing clause (ii)).      Except as otherwise provided for under this Agreement, all such Research Materials will remain the     sole property     of     Takeda,     will     be     used     only     in     furtherance     of     the     activities     conducted     in     accordance with     the     applicable     Research     Plans,     will     not     be     used     or     delivered     to     or     for     the     benefit     of     any Third     Party     (except     for     subcontractors     in     furtherance     of     the     Research     Plans),     without     the     prior written consent of Takeda, and will be used in compliance with Applicable Law.   The     Research Materials supplied under this Agreement must be used with prudence and appropriate caution     in any experimental work because not all of their characteristics may be known.  Takeda     will provide     Ultragenyx     the     most     current     material     safety     data     sheet     for     the     Research     Materials     upon transfer of any Research     Materials.  
   
   (b)   Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, THE RESEARCH     MATERIALS ARE     PROVIDED      AS     IS      AND     WITHOUT     ANY     REPRESENTATION     OR     WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY     OF MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR     ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE RESEARCH MATERIALS WILL NOT INFRINGE OR VIOLATE ANY PATENT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY     THIRD PARTY.  

6.7   
 
    General Terms Applicable to Research Plans and Research     Activities .  

(a)   Annual Review of Research Plans  . On an annual basis, the Parties, through     the JRC, shall review, and as necessary, update and amend the then-current Research      Plans, provided that either Party may at any time between annual updates recommend updates     or amendments of the then-current plans and associated budget for consideration by the     JRC.  
   
 (b)   Performance Obligations  . With respect to each Research Plan, Ultragenyx     and Takeda shall each use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to execute and perform the     activities assigned to it and cooperate with the other Party in the performance of such activities.      Each Party     shall     conduct     the     activities     assigned     to     it     under     the     Research     Plan     in     a     good     scientific manner     and     in     compliance     in     all     material     respects     with     Applicable     Law,     including     applicable  
 40 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

national and international (e.g., ICH, GCP, GLP, and GMP) guidelines. If a Research   Plan provides   for   Clinical   Trials,   the   sponsor   of   such   trial   shall   register   and   post   the   results   of   such trial. 
   
 (c)   Records; Disclosure of Data and Results  . Each Party shall prepare      and maintain,     or     shall     cause     to     be     prepared     and     maintained,     complete     and     accurate     written     records, accounts,     notes,     reports     and     data     with     respect     to     its     activities     conducted     pursuant     to     a     Research Plan in conformity with Applicable Law and standard pharmaceutical industry     practices; provided     that     in     no     case     shall     such     records     be     maintained     for     less     than     three     (3)     years     following the     Calendar     Year     to     which     such     records     pertain     (or     such     longer     period     as     may     be     required     by Applicable Laws). Upon the other Party s written request, the Party receiving such     written request shall send legible copies of the aforesaid to the other Party throughout the Term     with respect to such Research Product and for a minimum of twelve (12) months following     such Term. Upon reasonable advance notice, at the request of the JRC, each Party agrees to make     its employees and consultants reasonably available at their respective places of employment     to consult with the other Party on issues arising in connection with each Research Plan.     In accordance with the reporting format and schedule approved by the JRC, each Party     shall promptly     disclose     to     the     other     Party     in     writing     all     data,     including     preclinical     data,     clinical     trial data     (if     any),     formulation     data     and     Manufacturing     data,     generated     by     or     on     behalf     of     such     Party with respect to a Research Product in the Licensed Field in the     Territory.  
   
   (d)   Termination of Research Plan  .   In   the event the activities under a Research     Plan are     terminated     for     any     reason,     all     research     thereunder     shall     cease     and     the     applicable     Option Product     or     [***]     Product     will     be     deemed     to     be     a     Terminated     Product.     All     Terminated     Products shall revert to Takeda pursuant to Section 15.7(c). For clarity, such termination shall     not terminate the Collaboration Term for any other purpose under this     Agreement.  

6.8   
 
    Research Program     Expenses.     

(a)   Nomination Evaluation  . Each Party shall be responsible for its own FTEs and any     Third     Party     expenses,     in     each     case,     incurred     with     respect     to     the     nomination,     evaluation     and selection of Candidate Products in accordance with Section     6.2(a).  
   
 (b)   [***] Research Plan  . Ultragenyx shall reimburse Takeda for Takeda s FTE     Costs and     out-of-pocket     Third     Party     expenses,     in     each     case,     incurred     by     Takeda     in     furtherance     of     the completion of those activities assigned to it under the [***] Research Plan and in accordance     with the applicable budget, subject to a maximum reimbursement obligation of [***] of such budget or such greater amount as Ultragenyx may approve in     advance.  
   
 (c)   Validation Research Plan  . Takeda shall be responsible for its own FTEs and     any Third Party expenses incurred by Takeda with respect to a Validation Research     Plan.  
   
 (d)   Option Product Research Plan.   Ultragenyx shall reimburse Takeda      for Takeda s FTE Costs and out-of-pocket Third Party expenses, in each case, incurred by Takeda     in furtherance of the completion of those activities assigned to it under an Option Product     Research Plan and in accordance with the applicable budget, subject to a maximum     reimbursement  
 41 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

obligation of [***] of such budget or such greater amount   as Ultragenyx may approve in   advance. 
   
  6.9    Invoices . Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter, Takeda   will provide a written report and invoice to Ultragenyx setting forth in reasonable detail its FTEs   and its   Third   Party   expenses   recorded   in   furtherance   the   [***]   Research   Plan   and   Option   Product Research Plans. Within sixty (60) days after the receipt of such invoice, Ultragenyx shall pay   the undisputed   portion   of   any   such   invoice.   For   clarity,   making   such   a   payment   does   not   preempt Ultragenyx s audit rights under Section 11.12, which remain in full force and effect.   If Ultragenyx in good faith identifies items in an invoice which are disputed, Ultragenyx will   notify Takeda   in   writing,   noting   its   objection   to   the   disputed   item(s)   with   specificity,   within   ten   (10) business days of receipt of the invoice. Takeda will respond to such written notification   within ten (10) days of receipt of the disputed notification. Thereafter, the Parties shall negotiate    in good faith to resolve the dispute with either Takeda supplying Ultragenyx   documentation justifying   the   charge   or   reducing   or   deleting   the   disputed   amount.   Any   dispute   over   invoiced amounts due that cannot be resolved by direct good faith negotiation between the Parties shall   be resolved   in   accordance   with   ARTICLE   16   (Dispute   Resolution)   of   this   Agreement;   provided further,   if   the   Dispute   is   not   resolved   pursuant   to   Section   16.2,   the   Parties   agree   that   such Dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 16.3. 

(a)   At any time during the Collaboration Term after the completion of     research activities under a Validation Research Plan, either Ultragenyx or Takeda may, through the     JRC,   nominate     a     Candidate     Product     for     selection     as     an     Option     Product,     and     the     JRC     will     promptly consider     such     request.     In     order     for     a     Candidate     Product     to     become     an     Option     Product,     the     JRC must     agree     (by     mutual     agreement     of     the     Parties      representatives     on     the     JRC)     to     (i)     the     selection of the Candidate Product as an Option Product, (ii) a research plan, and budget that identifies     the research     and     development     activities     which     shall     be     performed     and     paid     for     entirely     by Ultragenyx (each, an    Option Product Research Plan   ), and (iii) key terms, including     the territory,     field     of     use,     development     and     commercial     responsibilities     and     financial     terms     (the    Option     Product     Key     Terms   )     to     serve     as     the     basis     for     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement. For clarity, the Option Product Research Plan for [***] Products is the [***] Research     Plan.  
   
   (b)   The [***] Products are designated as Option Products as of the Effective Date.     The Option Product Key Terms for [***] Products are attached hereto as   Exhibit     6.10(b)  .  
   
    6.11    The     Ultragenyx     Option.    Takeda   hereby   grants   to   Ultragenyx,   during   the   applicable Collaboration Term, the exclusive option to obtain, on a product-by-product basis, an exclusive license,   with   the   right   to   grant   sublicenses   through   multiple   tiers,   under   the   Option   Product Technology and Joint Intellectual Property to Exploit (a) the [***] Products and (b) up to five   (5) other   Option   Products   in   the   Licensed   Field   in   the   Territory   (the     Ultragenyx     Option  ),   subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement including ARTICLE   8. 

42 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   At any time during the Collaboration Term, Ultragenyx may exercise     the Ultragenyx     Option     regarding     an     Option     Product     by     notifying     Takeda     in     writing     of     its     intent     to exercise the Option with respect to a specific Option Product and negotiate the terms of a     license agreement     (the        Option     Notice   ).     During     the     period     of     time     beginning     on     the     effective     date     of each     such     Option     Notice     and     ending     [***] thereafter,     which     period     may     be     extended by     mutual     agreement     (the        Option     Negotiation     Period   ),     the     Parties     will     conduct     good     faith negotiations with the intent to agree upon license terms and conclude a definitive     license agreement (the    Option Product License Agreement   ) in accordance with the applicable     Option Product Key Terms and other terms that reflect the expected commercial opportunity     and development     stage     of     the     Option     Product.     Any     such     Option     Product     License     Agreement     will include provisions to address approvals of any Governmental Authority which  are     required before effectiveness of such Option Product License     Agreement.  
   
 (b)   If     the     Parties     cannot     conclude     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement     during     the Option Negotiation Period, Takeda and Ultragenyx shall each have the right to submit the     Option Product Key Terms and other terms for a final decision regarding the terms  of  the     Option Product License Agreement pursuant to binding arbitration under Section 16.3. All rights to     any Option Product for which the Parties do not enter into an Option Product License     Agreement shall revert to Takeda and such Option Product shall be deemed a Terminated Product subject     to Section     15.7(c).  
   
 ARTICLE 7      TAKEDA RESEARCH   SUPPORT 
   
   7.1   Research Support.   During the Collaboration Term and upon mutual agreement of     the Parties, Takeda may provide research support as set forth in this Section 7.1     (   Research     Support   ) to Ultragenyx, at Ultragenyx s sole cost. Such Research Support shall be related to     the development     of     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Products     (in     each     case,     other     than     Exercised     Products)     or Licensed Option Products (in each case, in connection with an Option Product License Agreement), and shall include medicinal chemistry, testing of compounds in disease     animal models, drug formulation and clinical development support. If Ultragenyx and Takeda agree     that Takeda should provide such Research Support, the confidentiality obligations, access  to premises,     and     other     details     related     to     Takeda     personnel     providing     such     Research     Support     to Ultragenyx shall be addressed in a separate agreement between the Parties and such     personnel.  
   
 7.2   Expenses and Invoices.   Ultragenyx shall reimburse Takeda for Takeda s FTE Costs and out-of-pocket Third Party expenses, in each case, incurred by Takeda for the provision of     the Research Support and in accordance with the applicable budget, subject to a     maximum reimbursement     obligation     of [***]     of     such     budget     or     such     greater amount as Ultragenyx may approve in advance. Within forty-five (45) days after the end of     each Calendar Quarter, Takeda will provide a written report and invoice to Ultragenyx setting forth     in reasonable     detail     its     FTEs     and     its     Third     Party     expenses     recorded     for     the     Research     Support. Within     sixty     (60)     days     after     the     receipt     of     such     invoice,     Ultragenyx     shall     pay     the     undisputed portion of any such invoice. For clarity, making such a payment does not preempt     Ultragenyx s audit     rights     under     Section     11.12,     which     remain     in     full     force     and     effect.     If     Ultragenyx     in     good faith identifies items in an invoice which are disputed, Ultragenyx will notify Takeda in     writing,  
   
 43 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

noting   its   objection   to   the   disputed   item(s)   with   specificity,   within   ten   (10)   business   days   of receipt   of   the   invoice.   Takeda   will   respond   to   such   written   notification   within   ten   (10)   days   of receipt of the disputed notification. Thereafter, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to   resolve the   dispute   with   either   Takeda   supplying   Ultragenyx   documentation   justifying   the   charge   or reducing or deleting the disputed amount. Any dispute over invoiced amounts due that cannot   be resolved by direct good faith negotiation between the Parties shall be resolved in    accordance with   ARTICLE   16   (Dispute   Resolution)   of   this   Agreement;   provided   further,   if   the   Dispute   is not   resolved   pursuant   to   Section   16.2,   the   Parties   agree   that   such   dispute   shall   be   resolved pursuant to Section   16.3. 
   
 7.3   Patent Ownership.   If   Research Support is provided pursuant to Section 7.1 related to     an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than an Exercised Product), then, notwithstanding     Section  
 12.1   or   any   other   separate   written   agreement   between   the   Parties   with   respect   to   such   Research Support,   as   between   the   Parties   and   regardless   of   inventorship,   Ultragenyx   shall   own   all   right, title and interest in and to any Patents related to such Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than   an Exercised Product in the Exercised Countries) that arise out of such Research Support.   For purposes of clarity, following the execution of an Option Product License Agreement   or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such license agreement shall govern   the handling   of   activities   of   the   type   covered   by   the   definition   of   Research   Support   related   to   the Product(s) that are the subject of the applicable license   agreement. 
   
   ARTICLE 8      TAKEDA S LICENSE   OPTION 
   
   8.1   The License Option.   In   partial consideration for the premium paid by Takeda     to Ultragenyx under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, Ultragenyx hereby grants to     Takeda during the applicable Takeda Option Term, the exclusive option to obtain (the    Takeda     Option   ), on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, an exclusive license (even as     to Ultragenyx and its Affiliates) to (a) any or all of the Licensed Products in the Ultragenyx     Field,  
 (b)   any   or   all   Licensed   Option   Products   in   the   Licensed   Field,   and   (c)   one   (1)   Ultragenyx Pipeline   Product   in   the   Licensed   Field,   in   each   case   in   any   or   all   of   the   countries   in   the   Takeda Territory.   For   clarity,   if   Takeda   elects   not   to   exercise   the   Takeda   Option   with   respect   to   (i)   any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed Option Product, or   Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, or (ii) any country in the Takeda Territory, as the case may be, prior to   the expiration   of   the   Takeda   Option   Term   with   respect   to   such   Product   and/or   such   country,   as applicable, then Takeda shall no longer have any rights under the Takeda Option with respect   to such Product and/or such country, as   applicable. 

8.2   
 
  Exercising the License     Option  .     

(a)   Preparation and Delivery of the Data Packages  . Ultragenyx shall prepare     and deliver     to     Takeda     as     soon     as     reasonably     practicable     after     completion     of     the     applicable     Clinical Trials (a) the Final Phase II Data Package for each Licensed [***] Product, Licensed     Analog Product, Licensed Option Product and Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than [***]) and     (b) the Final Phase III Data Package for     [***].  

44 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Takeda Review of Research Data Package  . Following Takeda s receipt of     the applicable     Data     Package     pursuant     to     Section     8.2(a)     and     during     the     applicable     Takeda     Option Term,     Takeda     may     review     and     assess     the     Data     Package     to     determine     whether     it     will     submit     the Takeda Option Notice. During this review period, upon Takeda s  reasonable      request, Ultragenyx shall promptly make available to Takeda: (i) its employees, consultants     and independent contractors (subject to the availability of any independent contractors)     who performed the activities on behalf of Ultragenyx, including the preparation of the Data     Package; and (ii) any additional Information under Ultragenyx s possession and Control related to     the applicable products that is reasonably useful in evaluating the Data     Package.  
   
   (c)   Takeda Option Exercise Mechanics  . Takeda may exercise the Takeda     Option for one or more Licensed [***] Products, one or more Licensed Analog Products, one or     more Licensed Option Products, and one Ultragenyx Pipeline Product on a country-by-country basis     in the Takeda Territory at any time during the applicable Takeda Option Term by providing     written notice to Ultragenyx (the    Takeda Option Notice   ) identifying the applicable     Products (   Exercised     Products   )     and     countries     (   Exercised     Countries        provided,     however,     that     Takeda may     exercise     the     Takeda     Option     with     respect     to     each     Licensed     Product     only     once     (i.e.,     if     the Takeda     Option     is     exercised     with     respect     to     a     particular     Licensed     Product     for     fewer     than     all applicable     countries,     then     additional     countries     may     not     be     added     by     additional     exercises     of     the Takeda Option with respect to that particular Licensed     Product).  
   
   (d)   During     the     period     of     time     beginning     on     the     effective     date     of     the     Takeda     Option Notice and ending [***], which period may be extended by     mutual agreement (the    Takeda Option Negotiation Period   ), the Parties will conduct good     faith negotiations to conclude a definitive license agreement (the    Exercised Product     License     Agreement   ). Such Exercised Product License Agreement shall include the     following:  
   
 (i)   the     following     license     grant     with     respect     to     the     Exercised     Products     in     the Exercised     Countries,     which,     to     the     extent     of     any     conflict,     shall     supersede     the     Ultragenyx     [***] License and Takeda [***] License and the terms of any Option Product License     Agreement: Ultragenyx hereby grants to Takeda an exclusive license (even as to Ultragenyx and     its Affiliates), with the right to grant sublicenses through multiple tiers, under the     Ultragenyx Intellectual     Property     and     Joint     Intellectual     Property,     to     Exploit     the     Exercised     Products     in     the Ultragenyx     Field     (where     such     Exercised     Product     is     a     Licensed     Product)     or     the     Licensed     Field (where such Exercised Product is a Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product)     in the Exercised     Countries;  
   
 (ii)   financial terms in ARTICLE 11 (and related definitions) applicable     to Exercised Products (and no other consideration payable by     Takeda);  
   
 (iii)   provisions to address approvals of any Governmental Authority which     are required before effectiveness of the Exercised Product License     Agreement;  
   
 (iv)   provisions to address the prosecution, enforcement and defense of     Patents that cover Exercised Products similar to those contained in ARTICLE     12;  
   
 45 

(v)   the right for Takeda to terminate for convenience upon [***] written notice;  
   
 (vi)   the     right     for     Takeda     to,     in     lieu     of     termination     for     Ultragenyx s     material breach or insolvency, receive rights on the basis set forth in Section     15.7(a)(ii)(B);  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(vii)    provisions     that     upon     the     expiration     of     the     Takeda     Royalty     Term     for     each Exercised     Product     in     each     Exercised     Country,     Takeda     shall     have     a     non-exclusive,     fully-paid     up and irrevocable license under the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property with respect to such     Exercised Product     in     such     Exercised     Country     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     (for     Exercised     Products     that     are Licensed Products) and in the Licensed Field (for Exercised Products that are Option Products     or Ultragenyx Products);     and     ARTICLE     18.  
 (viii)   to the extent applicable, Miscellaneous provisions as contained in  
 (e)   If     the     Parties     cannot     conclude     the     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     during the     Takeda     Option     Negotiation     Period,     Takeda     and     Ultragenyx     shall     each     have     the     right     to submit     the     terms     for     a     final     decision     regarding     the     terms     (other     than     those     specified     in     Section 8.2(d)) of the Exercised Product License Agreement pursuant to binding arbitration      under Section     16.3.     For     clarity,     the     terms     set     forth     in     Section     8.2(d)     must     be     included     within     the Exercised Product License Agreement and are not subject to arbitration and Ultragenyx shall     be required     to     enter     into     an     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     including     those     terms     if     the Takeda Option is exercised pursuant to Section     8.2(c).  
   
 8.3   Takeda Right of First Negotiation on Ultragenyx Pipeline Products.   As     additional consideration for the premium being paid by Takeda to Ultragenyx under the Common     Stock Purchase Agreement, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this     Agreement, if,     during the     [***] period     following     expiration     of     the     applicable     Takeda     Option Term,     Ultragenyx     intends     to     license     (all     or     a     subset     of     all     rights)     or     otherwise     transfer     any Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Product     to     a     Third     Party     in     the     Takeda     ROFN     Territory,     Ultragenyx     will provide     Takeda     with     prior     written     notice     of     such     intent     and,     for     a     period     of     [***] after receipt of such notice, Takeda will have a right of first negotiation to enter into     a definitive     agreement     with     Ultragenyx     for     such     license     (of     all     or     a     subset     of     all     rights)     or     other transfer in the Takeda ROFN Territory. If the Parties fail to enter into a  definitive     agreement prior to the expiration of the [***] period, Ultragenyx will have the     right to     enter     into     a     definitive     agreement     with     a     Third     Party     for     the     license     (of     all     or     a     subset     of     all rights) or other transfer of such Ultragenyx Pipeline Product in the Takeda ROFN     Territory.  
   
 8.4   Transition of Responsibilities After Exercise of the Takeda Option  . Ultragenyx     shall, in     accordance     with     a     transition     plan     set     forth     in     the     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement, transfer to Takeda all activities and responsibilities related to the Exercised Products in     the Exercised Countries. The Parties shall exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts to      complete the     transfer     in     accordance     with     such     transition     plan.     Any     dispute     between     the     Parties     regarding the transition shall be resolved as set forth in the Exercised Product License     Agreement.  
   
 46 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

8.5   Development and Commercialization After Exercise of the Takeda Option  .     After exercise of the Takeda Option, Takeda will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit     the Exercised     Products     in     the     Takeda     Option     Field     in     the     Exercised     Countries     at     its     sole     cost     and expense; provided, however, notwithstanding the above, Takeda s financial commitment     toward global     Development     costs     for     Licensed     Option     Products     and     an     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Products will be in accordance with the terms set forth in Section     8.6.  
   
   8.6   Cost Sharing for Development Activities in Takeda Territory  . After exercise of     the Takeda Option with respect to a Licensed Option Product and/or an Ultragenyx Pipeline     Product:  
   
 (a)   the     Parties     will     share     the     costs     of     future     global     Development     activities     for     such Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, as applicable, including costs     for Clinical Trials and clinical drug supply and chemistry, manufacturing and     controls-related activities in accordance with mutually agreed upon Development plans, budgets and cost     sharing structures; provided that Takeda shall only be required to share global Development costs     where the Development activities are necessary or reasonably useful to support the     Development, Regulatory     Approval     and     Commercialization     of     such     product     in     the     Takeda     Territory,     in     which case     Takeda     will     contribute     [***].     For     clarity,     Takeda     will     not     be     required     to share     in     the     costs     of     future     global     Development     activities     where     the     Development     activities, including Clinical Trials, are not necessary and are not used to support the     Development,  
 Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of such product in the Takeda Territory;   and 
   
 (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Takeda shall be solely responsible for     all Development     costs     where     the     Development     activities     are     required     specifically     and     solely     for Regulatory Approval of a Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product,     as applicable, in the Takeda Territory. If such Development activities are also necessary     or reasonably     useful     for     Regulatory     Approval     of     a     Licensed     Product,     Licensed     Option     Product     or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, as applicable, outside the Takeda Territory, the Parties     will negotiate in good faith to agree upon an equitable sharing of costs for such     Development activities.  
   
 ARTICLE 9        REGULATORY 
   
   9.1   Lead Regulatory Party  .  Primary regulatory responsibility under this Agreement     shall be     assigned     to     one     of     the     Parties     (such     Party,     the        Lead     Regulatory     Party   )     as     set     forth     in     this Section 9.1.  
   
 (a)   Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for all Licensed Products     until expiration     of     the     [***]     Option     Term.     Following     expiration     of     the     [***]     Option     Term,     whether     or not     Ultragenyx     has     exercised     the     [***]     Option     (i)     Takeda     shall     be     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     for Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, and     (ii) Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for Licensed [***] Products in the Ultragenyx     Field and shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for Licensed Analog Products in the Ultragenyx     Field.  
   
 47 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for all Ultragenyx     Pipeline Products in the Territory until expiration of the Takeda Option Term. Following the      expiration of     the     Takeda     Option     Term,     Ultragenyx     shall     be     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     in     the     Territory     for all Ultragenyx Pipeline Products for which the Parties have not entered into an Exercised     Product License Agreement. For clarity, at all times Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party      for all Ultragenyx Pipeline Products outside of the Takeda Territory. If Takeda exercises the     Takeda Option with respect to an Exercised Product, the Exercised Product License Agreement     shall provide that Takeda shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for such Exercised Product in     the Licensed Field in the Takeda     Territory.  
   
 (c)   The Parties will agree as to which Party shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for     the [***]     Products     and     each     Candidate     Product     prior     to     the     expiration     of     the     Collaboration     Term; provided, however, that Takeda shall be the Lead Regulatory Party (i) if the Parties are unable     to agree,     (ii)     at     any     time     after     Ultragenyx     provides     Takeda     written     notice     that     it     will     not     exercise the     Ultragenyx     Option     with     respect     to     the     [***]     Products     and     (iii)     for     the     planned     Scientific Advice with the Dutch Medicines Evaluation Board and US Orphan Drug Designation     follow-up (as needed) for [***]. Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory     Party for     each     Option     Product     for     which     the     Parties     have     entered     into     an     Option     Product     License Agreement and Takeda shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for each Option Product for which     the Parties have not entered into an Option Product License     Agreement.  
   
 (d)   In     accordance     with     the     foregoing,     upon     entering     into     an     Option     Product     License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, it is understood that the terms of     such Option     Product     License     Agreement     or     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     will     govern     with respect to such Option Product covered by such Option Product License Agreement or     Exercised Product covered by such Exercised Product License Agreement, as     applicable.  
   
 9.2   Initial Transfer of Data and Regulatory     Materials  .  

(a)   
 
  Transfer to     Ultragenyx   

(i)   As     soon     as     practicable     after     the     Effective     Date,     but     in     any     event     no     later than sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, Takeda shall timely transfer to Ultragenyx copies     of  
 (A) all Regulatory Materials (in electronic or other format) in its possession related to the use   of the   Licensed   [***]   Products   in   the   Ultragenyx   Field   (and,   solely   for   purposes   of   Ultragenyx s performance of its obligations under Section 4.3(a)(ii), in the Takeda Field) and (B) the briefing book, FDA meeting minutes, Takeda meeting minutes, and FDA correspondence associated with  [***], the US Orphan Drug Designation Request and subsequent regulatory correspondence, and the briefing book and correspondence for Scientific Advice with the Dutch Medicines Evaluation Board,  in each case for the [***] Products in   the Licensed   Field   and   existing   as   of   such   date   of   transfer.   Following   each   such   transfer   and   at   a time to be mutually agreed by the Parties, the Parties shall take all steps necessary (a)   for Ultragenyx to own or have the right of reference to the INDs and Regulatory   Approvals necessary to conduct Development of the Licensed [***] Product in the Ultragenyx Field and   (b) for Takeda to own or have the right of reference to the INDs and Regulatory   Approvals necessary to conduct Development of the Licensed [***] Product in the Takeda   Field. 
 48 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(ii)   Within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, Takeda shall     make available     to     Ultragenyx     separate     copies     (in     electronic     or     other     format)     of     the     study     reports   from all non-clinical trials and Clinical Trials in the Territory  , in each case, whether completed as of the Effective Date or then in-progress, that are Controlled by Takeda (to the extent      not previously     provided     to     Ultragenyx),     as     such     reports     become     available     to     Takeda,     and     to     the extent that they relate to the use of the Licensed [***] Products for the     Territory.  

(b)   
 
  Transfer to     Takeda   

(i)   As soon as practicable after the effective date of an Exercised     Product License Agreement for a given Exercised Product, but in any event no later than sixty (60)     days after such date, Ultragenyx shall timely transfer to Takeda copies of all Regulatory Materials     (in electronic or other format) in its possession related to the use of the Exercised Product in     the Exercised Countries and which support the Product INDs, the Product Regulatory Approvals     and associated     correspondence,     existing     as     of     such     date     of     transfer.     Promptly     after     such     transfer, Ultragenyx shall take all steps necessary to transfer ownership of all such Product INDs     and Product Regulatory Approvals in the Takeda Territory to Takeda, including, if     applicable,     submitting to the PMDA a letter or other necessary documentation (with a copy to Takeda) notifying     the     PMDA     of     the     transfer     of     such     ownership.     From     time     to     time     after     the     IND     Date, and     solely     to     the     extent     not     previously     disclosed,     Ultragenyx     shall,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates to,     without     additional     compensation,     disclose     and     make     available     to     Takeda,     in     whatever     form Takeda     may     reasonably     request,     all     Regulatory     Materials     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     and     related to the use of an Exercised Product in the Exercised     Countries.  
   
 (ii)   Within sixty (60) days after the Parties enter into an Exercised     Product License     Agreement     for     a     given     Exercised     Product,     Ultragenyx     shall     make     available     to     Takeda separate copies (in electronic or other format) of the study reports from all non-clinical trials     and Clinical Trials in the Territory, in each case, whether completed as of the Effective Date, that     are Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     (to     the     extent     not     previously     provided     to     Takeda),     as     such     reports become available to Ultragenyx, and to the extent that they relate to the use of the     Exercised Products in the Exercised     Countries.  

9.3   
 
  Preparation of Regulatory     Materials  .   

(a)   After     the     Effective     Date     (or,     as     applicable,     the     IND     Date),     the     Lead     Regulatory Party     shall     have     the     sole     right     and     responsibility,     and     shall     exercise     Commercially     Reasonable Efforts,     to     prepare,     obtain,     and     maintain,     as     applicable,     the     Regulatory     Materials,     including     the Product INDs, the Product Regulatory Approvals, and other submissions, and to     conduct communications with the FDA, for the relevant Products in the applicable indication in     the Territory     or     applicable     portion     thereof,     except     in     the     case     of     Licensed     [***]     Products     from     the Effective Date until expiration of the [***] Option Term, during which time Takeda shall hold     the IND     and     Ultragenyx     (i.e.,     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party)     shall     receive     a     right     of     reference     from Takeda. Except with respect to Licensed [***] Products from the Effective Date until expiration     of the     [***]     Option     Term,     all     Product     INDs     and     Product     Regulatory     Approvals     generated     after     the Effective     Date,     including     any     supplements     or     amendments     to     those     Product     INDs     and     Product Regulatory Approvals in existence as of the Effective Date, with respect to such Products in     the  
 49 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

applicable indication in the Territory or applicable portion thereof under this Agreement shall   be owned   by,   and   shall   be   the   sole   property   and   held   in   the   name   of,   Lead   Regulatory   Party   or   its designee. 
   
 (b)   Other     than     the Scientific Advice Briefing Book for the [***] Products which has been prepared as of the Execution Date but not yet been submitted, the Lead Regulatory Party shall provide the other Party with an opportunity to review and comment on all material Regulatory Materials submitted by the Lead Regulatory Party to a Regulatory Authority after the Effective Date, in each case reasonably in advance of when the Lead Regulatory Party intends     to submit such Regulatory Materials to the applicable Regulatory Authority. The other Party     shall provide     its     comments     within     [***],     or     such     other     period     of     time     mutually agreed to by the Parties. The Lead Regulatory Party shall consider in good faith any     such comments     of     the     other     Party.     The     Lead     Regulatory     Party     shall     provide     the     other     Party     with     a copy in electronic form of all material Regulatory Materials filed with the Regulatory     Authority related to the use of the relevant     Products.  
   
 (c)   The     Lead     Regulatory     Party     shall     notify     the     other     Party     within     no     less     than   [***]     of     any     request     for     a     meeting     or     substantive     telephone     conference     call     with     a Regulatory Authority with respect to any Product IND or Product Regulatory Approval.     Upon the other Party s request, the Lead Regulatory Party shall request that the FDA or     other Regulatory     Authority     permit     at     least [***]     of     the     other     Party s     employees     to     attend     any     such meeting     or     conference     call.     To     the     extent     permitted     by     the     FDA     or     other     Regulatory     Authority, the other Party shall have the right to participate in any such meeting or conference call.     The foregoing     rights     and     obligations     apply     with     respect     to     meetings     or     conferences     initiated     by     the Lead Regulatory Party or by a Regulatory Authority. The Lead Regulatory Party shall     promptly furnish the other Party with copies of all substantive correspondence related to the     relevant Product     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     has     had     with     the     Regulatory     Authority,     and     contact     reports concerning substantive conversations or minutes from any substantive meetings with     a Regulatory Authority related to such     Product.  
   
 (d)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Takeda, in consultation with Ultragenyx, shall     be responsible for the preparation of any components of Regulatory Materials to be filed     by Ultragenyx that relate to the Manufacture of a Licensed Product or Option Product. Takeda     shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to prepare such components in a timely manner     and provide such components to Ultragenyx with sufficient time for Ultragenyx to review     and comment on such components; provided, however, that Takeda may use an     alternative arrangement     (such     as     a     drug     master     file)     to     preserve     the     confidentiality     of     such     components     to the extent required by any Third Party agreements or, in Takeda s reasonable discretion,     if otherwise necessary to protect Takeda confidential information and such alternative     arrangement is     permissible     under     Applicable     Laws;     provided,     further,     that     if     Ultragenyx     reasonably     requests additional     information     with     respect     to     the     Development     or     Commercialization     of     a     Licensed Product     or     Option     Product     otherwise     treated     as     confidential     in     such     alternative     arrangement (such     as     a     drug     master     file),     Takeda     shall     reasonably     consider     such     request.     In     the     event     that Ultragenyx elects to Manufacture a Licensed Product or Option Product, Ultragenyx shall     notify Takeda of such election and, to the extent covered by the license rights granted in Sections     3.1(a)  
   
 50 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

and 3.1(c) (for Licensed Products) or Section 6.5(a) (for Option Products), Takeda    shall promptly   transfer   to   Ultragenyx   or   its   Third   Party   designee   all   Regulatory   Materials,   processes and   technical   information   Controlled   by   Takeda   or   its   Affiliates   that   are   reasonably   necessary and   useful   for   the   Manufacture   of   such   Licensed   Product   or   Option   Product,   and   thereafter Ultragenyx   shall   be   responsible   for   the   preparation   of   any   components   of   Regulatory   Materials to be filed related to the Manufacture by Ultragenyx or its Third Party designee of such   Licensed Product or Option   Product. 

9.4   
 
  Cooperation, Consultation and Review  .     

(a)   The     Parties     shall     cooperate     with     each     other     to     achieve     the     regulatory     objectives contemplated herein in a timely, accurate and responsive manner and shall assist the other     Party as reasonably requested in connection with the preparation and filing of Regulatory Materials     in the     Licensed     Field,     whether     in     or     outside     of     the     Territory.     The     Parties     shall     establish     a     joint regulatory     working     group     to     manage     Licensed     Product     regulatory     activities     and     issues.     It     is     the intention     of     the     Parties     that     the     joint     regulatory     working     group     shall     meet     (in     person     or     via teleconference) on an as-needed basis after the Effective Date and throughout the Term, but at     a minimum on a quarterly basis. The Parties agree and acknowledge that the activities     of Ultragenyx     with     respect     to     (i)     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     and     (ii)     Licensed Analog Products in the Licensed Field and the activities of Takeda with respect to (A)     Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field and (B) Licensed Products outside of the Licensed Field,     shall be coordinated such that they are consistent with the overall objective of facilitating     Regulatory Approvals.  
   
 (b)   The other Party shall assist the Lead Regulatory Party, as is reasonably     necessary, in order for the Lead Regulatory Party to obtain and maintain the Product INDs and the     Product Regulatory Approvals, including in connection with the preparation and filing of     Regulatory Materials necessary to maintain such Product INDs and Product Regulatory     Approvals.  
   
 9.5   Regulatory Costs and Expenses  . Each Party shall bear its own costs and     expenses incurred related to the preparation, maintenance, formatting and filing of the     Regulatory Materials.  
   
 9.6   Rights of Reference to Regulatory Materials  . Each Party hereby grants to the     other Party     a     right     of     reference     to     all     Regulatory     Materials,     including     any     data     relied     on     in     support     of such Regulatory Materials, solely for the purpose of seeking, obtaining and     maintaining Regulatory     Approvals     for     the     Products,     consistent     with     the     roles     of     the     Parties     set     forth     in     this Agreement.  
   
 9.7   Labeling Information Exchange/Labeling Agreement  . The Parties shall cooperate     to develop methods and/or procedures for sharing information related to Labeling. Specific     details regarding the management of Labeling information, including CCDS will be delineated in     a separate Labeling agreement that shall be agreed upon by the     Parties.  

9.8   
 
  Adverse Event Reporting and Safety Data     Exchange  .     

51 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   Safety Information Exchange; Pharmacovigilance     Agreement  .  
   
   (i)   The Parties shall cooperate to develop methods and/or procedures     for sharing information relating to the clinical experiences in accordance with safety     reporting requirements     of     the     respective     Regulatory     Authorities     and     as     necessary     for     a     Party     to     comply with Applicable Laws. Specific details regarding the management of safety      information including     adverse     events     reports     related     to     the     Development     and     the     Commercialization     of     the Products will be delineated in a separate global pharmacovigilance agreement (the    PVA   )     that shall be agreed to by the Parties as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than [***] of the Effective Date. The Lead Regulatory Party shall     be responsible for the compliance and filing of all required safety reports to the     Regulatory Authorities in the Territory, including annual safety reports, throughout the     Term.  

(ii)   
 
  The PVA shall provide as     follows:   

(A)   Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Lead     Regulatory Party     shall     maintain     the     global     safety     database     for     the     Products,     and     mirror     databases     will     be maintained by the other Party; provided, however, that Takeda shall maintain the global     safety database     regarding     Licensed     [***]     Products,     and     Ultragenyx     shall     maintain     the     global     safety database regarding Licensed Analog Products. For clarity, to the extent a Party is no     longer actively Developing or Commercializing a Licensed [***] Product, then the global     safety database shall be transferred to the Party that continues to actively Develop or     Commercialize such Licensed [***]     Product.  
   
 (B)   Each Party shall timely report to the other Party all     clinical experiences, safety monitoring, and pharmacovigilance surveillance observed in the     Territory, which in all cases shall be (i) for clinical studies: as soon as practicable, [***]     and     (ii)     for     commercial Products: [***]; exchange of information shall     be on     a     Council     for     International     Organizations     of     Medical     Sciences     Suspect     Adverse     Reaction Report Form ( CIOMS     Form ).  
   
 (C)   The other Party shall prepare and provide to the     Lead Regulatory     Party     on     a     timely     basis     safety     updates     in     order     for     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     to meet     the     safety     report     submission     requirements     necessary     to     maintain     the     Product     INDs     and the Product Regulatory     Approvals.  
   
 (b)   Regulatory Reporting of Safety Information  .  The Parties shall work      together to achieve consensus with respect to safety issues related to the Products, including urgent     safety information, and to report said opinion to safety boards, investigators, and to     applicable Regulatory     Authorities.     In     the     event     that,     after     reasonable     medical     and     scientific     consultation, the Parties cannot achieve consensus with respect to safety issues to be reported to      any applicable     Regulatory     Authority,     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     shall     have     final     decision     making  
 52 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

authority with respect to the Products in the Licensed Field in the Territory.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may report safety matters to a   Regulatory Authority   that   it   reasonably   determines   are   necessary   to   report   prior   to   the   conclusion   of   the dispute resolution   procedure. 
   
 9.9   Regulatory Authority Communications Received by a Party  . Each Party shall     inform the other Party in a timely manner, not to exceed [***], of the notification of     any action by, or notification or other information which it receives (directly or indirectly) from     any Regulatory Authority which: (i) raises any material concerns regarding the safety or efficacy of     a Product; (ii) indicates or suggests a potential material liability of either Party to Third Parties     in connection with a Product; (iii) is reasonably likely to lead to a recall or market withdrawal of     a Product;     or     (iv)     relates     to     expedited     reports     of     adverse     events     with     respect     to     a     Product,     or Product Complaints, and which may have a material impact on obtaining or     maintaining Regulatory Approval or the continued Commercialization of a Product, as then conducted.     The other Party will fully cooperate with and assist such Party in complying with     regulatory obligations and communications, including by providing to such Party, in a timely manner after     a request, such information and documentation in the other Party s possession as may be     necessary or helpful for the Party to prepare a response to an inquiry from a Regulatory Authority.     Each Party will provide the other Party in a timely manner with a copy of all correspondence     received from a Regulatory Authority specifically regarding the matters referred to     above.  
   
 9.10   Audit  .     If     a     Regulatory     Authority     desires     to     conduct     an     inspection     or     audit     of     a     Party s facility or a facility under contract with such Party with regard to a Product in the Territory,     then the audited Party shall notify the other Party as soon as practicably possible after receipt of     such notification of such audit or inspection and provide copies of any materials provided to it by     the applicable Regulatory Authority; provided, that the audited Party shall not be required to     notify the other Party of audits or inspections that are of a routine nature or that do not relate to     a Product, except where such audits result in communications or actions of such     Regulatory Authority     which     have     a     direct     impact     upon     a     Product.     In     addition,     if     a     Regulatory     Authority conducts an unannounced inspection or audit of a Party s facility or a facility under contract     with such Party with regard to a Product in the Territory, then the audited Party shall notify the     other Party within [***] of commencement of such audit or inspection. The     audited Party shall cooperate, and shall use reasonable efforts to cause the contract facility to     cooperate, with such Regulatory Authority and the other Party during such inspection or audit.     Following receipt of the inspection or audit observations of such Regulatory Authority (a copy of which     the audited Party will immediately provide to the other Party), the audited Party will also provide     the other     Party     with     copies     of     any     written     communications     received     from     Regulatory     Authorities with respect to such facilities in a timely manner after receipt, to the extent such     written communications     relate     directly     to     a     Product     or     the     Manufacture     thereof,     and     will     prepare     the response to any such observations. The audited Party will provide the other Party with a copy     of any proposed response to such communications and will consider in good faith  such     other Party s reasonable comments with respect to such proposed response. The audited Party      agrees to conform its activities under this Agreement to any commitments made in such a     response.  

53 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

9.11   Recalls and Voluntary Withdrawals  . Each Party shall notify the other Party     promptly but     in     no     event     later     than     [***]     following     its     determination     that     any     event, incident, or circumstance has occurred that may result in the need for a recall, market     suspension, or market withdrawal of a Product under any MAA or Regulatory Approval for the Product     held by     such     Party     and     filed     with     Regulatory     Authorities     in     the     Territory,     and     shall     include     in     such notice the reasoning behind such determination, and any supporting facts. Such Party shall     have the sole right to make the final determination whether to voluntarily implement any such     recall, market     suspension,     or     market     withdrawal     in     the     Territory;     provided     that     prior     to     any implementation     of     such     a     recall,     market     suspension,     or     market     withdrawal,     the     such     Party     shall, to the extent practical, consult with the other Party and shall consider the other Party s     comments in good faith. For all recalls, market suspensions or market withdrawals undertaken pursuant     to this     Section     9.11,     such     Party     shall     be     solely     responsible     for     the     execution     thereof,     and     the     other Party     shall     reasonably     cooperate     in     all     such     recall     efforts.     Subject     to     ARTICLE     17,     such     Party shall     be     responsible     for     all     costs     of     any     such     recall,     market     suspension,     or     market     withdrawal; provided that, the other Party shall be responsible for the costs of any recall, market     suspension, or market withdrawal with respect to a Product in the Territory to the extent such recall,     market suspension, or market withdrawal is attributable to the other Party s breach of its     obligations hereunder or its negligence, recklessness or willful     misconduct.  
   
 ARTICLE 10      MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY 
   
 10.1  Supply Agreement . The Parties shall enter into mutually agreeable supply agreements   as soon as appropriate after the Effective Date covering the manufacture and research supply   (other than as provided in Section 6.6), clinical supply or Commercial supply of Compounds   or Products needed for Development or   Commercialization. 
   
       ARTICLE 11      PAYMENT 
   
   11.1     Licensed Product Development Milestones Payable to     Takeda  .  
   
 (a)   Ultragenyx     shall     pay     to     Takeda     a     milestone     payment     within     forty-five     (45)     days after the first achievement of each of the following milestones for each Licensed     Product, calculated as follows:  
   
 (i)   [***];  
   
 (ii)   upon Regulatory Approval of [***];  
   
 (iii)   upon both (A) Regulatory Approval of [***] and (B) Pricing Approval [***]  
   
 (iv)   [***];  
   
 54 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(v)   upon Regulatory Approval of [***]  ;     and  
   
 (vi)   upon both (A) Regulatory Approval of [***] and (B) Pricing Approval [***]  
   
 (b)   Each     milestone     payment     in     this     Section     11.1     shall     be     payable     only     upon     the     first achievement     of     such     milestone     for     each     Licensed     Product     and     no     amounts     shall     be     due     for subsequent or repeated achievements of such milestone for the same Licensed     Product.  

11.2   
 
    Licensed Product Sales Milestones Payable to     Takeda  .     

(a)   Ultragenyx     shall     pay     to     Takeda     a     milestone     payment     within     [***] after     the     first     achievement     of     each     of     the     following     milestones     for     the     aggregated     annual     Net Sales of all Licensed Products, calculated as     follows:  
   
 (i)   upon the Net Sales in the Territory of all Licensed Products made     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in a given Calendar Year equaling or exceeding     [***];  
   
 (ii)   upon the Net Sales in the Territory of all Licensed Products made     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in a given Calendar Year equaling or exceeding     [***];     and  
   
 (iii)   upon the Net Sales in the Territory of all Licensed Products made     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in a given Calendar Year equaling or exceeding     [***].  
   
 (b)   Each     milestone     payment     in     this     Section     11.2     shall     be     payable     only     upon     the     first achievement     of     such     milestone     for     all     Licensed     Products     in     aggregate     and     no     amounts     shall     be due for subsequent or repeated achievements of such milestone. If two or more milestone     events are achieved in the same Calendar Year, Ultragenyx shall pay to Takeda each milestone     payment corresponding to the respective milestone     event.  
   
   11.3   Licensed Product Royalties Payable to Takeda.   Subject to Section 11.8 below,     and during     the     applicable     Licensed     Product     Royalty     Term,     Ultragenyx     shall     pay     to     Takeda,     on     a Licensed     Product-by-Licensed     Product     basis,     a     running     royalty     at     the     following     incremental royalty rates, on Net Sales of each Licensed Product in the Territory in a Calendar     Year:  

Net Sales in the   Territory  
 
 Royalty   Rate  

For that portion of annual Net Sales less than  $ [***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or  
 
 [***]%  

55 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

11.4   
 
  Exercised Product Milestones and Fees Payable to     Ultragenyx  .     

(a)   Pursuant     to     the     applicable     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement,     Takeda     shall pay     to     Ultragenyx     a     milestone     payment     of     [***]     within     [***]     after     the     first     Regulatory     Approval     in     the     first     indication     in     Japan     for     [***] if such product is an Exercised Product that has     not been terminated at the time of such Regulatory Approval. The milestone payment in this     Section 11.4(a) shall be payable only upon the first achievement of such milestone for each     such Exercised Product and no amounts shall be due for subsequent or repeated achievements of     such milestone for such Exercised Product. For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable   by   Takeda     for     each     Exercised     Product     pursuant     to     this     Section     11.4(a)     is     [***].  
   
 (b)   For all Ultragenyx Pipeline Products other than [***], during the Takeda Option Negotiation Period for such Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, the     Parties will negotiate in good faith (for inclusion in the applicable Exercised Product     License Agreement) commercially reasonable financial terms in addition to the royalties contemplated     in Section 11.6 (such as one or more of the following: option exercise fees, sales and     development milestones, reimbursement for historical research and development costs allocable to Japan,     and milestones due to Third Party licensors) for such Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, taking     into consideration     factors     such     as     the     investment     in     the     collaboration     under     this     agreement     already made by Takeda, including the premium paid by Takeda to Ultragenyx under the Common     Stock Purchase     Agreement.     If     the     Parties     cannot     reach     agreement     on     such     commercially     reasonable financial terms during the Takeda Option Negotiation Period, either Takeda or Ultragenyx     may seek a final decision regarding the commercially reasonable financial terms pursuant to     binding arbitration as set forth in Section 16.3.  
   
   11.5   Licensed Product Royalties Payable to Ultragenyx for the Exercised     Countries  . Subject to Section 11.8 below, and during the applicable Licensed Product Royalty Term, pursuant     to     the     applicable     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement,     Takeda     shall     pay     to Ultragenyx, on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis, a running royalty at the     following incremental     royalty     rates,     on     aggregate,     Net     Sales     of     each     Exercised     Product     that     is     a     Licensed Product in the Exercised Countries in a Calendar     Year:  
   
 (a)   If     the     Takeda     Option     for     such     Licensed     Product     is     exercised     by     Takeda     prior     to Takeda s receipt of the Final Phase II Data Package for such Licensed     Product:  

56 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Net Sales in the Exercised   Countries  
 
 Royalty   Rate  

For that portion of annual Net Sales less than   $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

(b)   If the Takeda Option for such Licensed Product is exercised by Takeda     after Takeda s receipt of the Final Phase II Data Package for such Licensed     Product:  

Net Sales in the Exercised   Countries  
 
 Royalty   Rate  

For that portion of annual Net Sales less than   $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

11.6   Licensed Option Product and Ultragenyx Pipeline Product Royalties Payable     to Ultragenyx for the Exercised Countries  . During the Takeda Option Negotiation Period for     a Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, the Parties will negotiate in good     faith (for     inclusion     in     the     applicable     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement)     tiered     royalty     rates     on annual Net Sales of such Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product to be paid     by Takeda to Ultragenyx during the Takeda Royalty Term. If the Parties cannot reach agreement     on such tiered royalty rates during the Takeda Option Negotiation Period, either Takeda     or Ultragenyx     may     seek     a     final     decision     regarding     the     royalty     rates     pursuant     to     binding     arbitration as set forth in Section     16.3.  
   
   11.7   Royalty Reduction for Generic Product Entry in a Country  . On a Licensed     Product- by-Licensed Product basis, the royalty rates set forth in Sections 11.3 and 11.5 for Net Sales of     a Product     in     a     country     shall     be     reduced     by     [***]     in     each     Calendar     Quarter     during which the Generic Competition Percentage with respect to such Licensed Product in      such country in such Calendar Quarter is greater than or equal to [***].  
   
 57 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

11.8   
 
    Payment for Third Party     Licenses  .     

(a)   Each     Party     will     be     responsible     for     paying     all     Third     Party     license     fees,     royalties, and/or milestones, with respect to Third Party licenses entered into by such Party or its     Affiliates prior to or on the Effective Date or during the Term, for intellectual property that is necessary     or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of any Licensed Product. For such Third Party licenses     to Preexisting Third Party IP, the paying Party will be entitled to deduct up to [***] of such amounts due to any such Third Party from royalties payable to the other Party hereunder     on such     Licensed     Product.     For     such     Third     Party     licenses     obtained     during     the     Term,     the     paying Party will be entitled to deduct [***] of such amounts due to any such Third     Party from royalties payable to the other Party hereunder on such Licensed Product.     Notwithstanding the     foregoing,     in     no     event     shall     such     royalty     payable     to     Takeda     in     any     Calendar     Quarter     as     a result     of     this     reduction     be     less     than     [***] of     the     amount     that     would     otherwise     be due.  
   
 (b)   Ultragenyx shall be responsible for paying all Third Party license fees,     royalties, and/or milestones, with respect to Third Party licenses for intellectual property that is     necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of any Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, where      such licenses     are     entered     into     (i)     prior     to     or     on     the     Effective     Date     or     (ii)     unless     and     until     such Ultragenyx Pipeline Product is an Exercised Product, during the Term. Each Party will be responsible     for     paying     all     Third     Party     license     fees,     royalties,     and/or     milestones,     with     respect     to Third Party licenses for intellectual property that is necessary or reasonably useful for     the Exploitation of any Ultragenyx Pipeline Product that is an Exercised Product entered into      by such Party or its Affiliates on or after the date on which it becomes an Exercised Product.     For such     Third     Party     licenses     obtained     by     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     Takeda     will     be     entitled     to     deduct [***] of     such     amounts     due     to     any     such     Third     Party     from     royalties     payable     to Ultragenyx on such Exercised Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall     the royalty     payable     to     Ultragenyx     in     any     Calendar     Quarter     on     such     Exercised     Product     as     a     result     of this reduction be less than [***] of the amount that would otherwise be     due.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, for intellectual property held by a Third Party     that is necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of any Exercised Products in both     the Exercised     Countries     and     other     countries     in     the     Territory,     the     Parties     will     coordinate     license negotiations with such Third Party for rights in both the Exercised Countries and other     countries in the     Territory.  
   
   11.9   Manner of Royalty Payment.   Each Party will  calculate and report royalty      payments due     by     such     Party     to     the     other     Party     under     Section     11.3     or     11.5,     as     applicable,     each     Calendar Quarter. Each Party shall pay all royalty payments due under Section 11.3 or 11.5, as     applicable, within sixty (60) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter and shall include  with     each payment     a     report     containing     the     following     information     for     the     applicable     Calendar     Quarter:     (a) the amount of gross sales (in U.S. dollars) of the Products in the Territory; (b) an     itemized calculation     of     Net     Sales     in     the     Territory     showing     deductions,     to     the     extent     applicable,     provided for     in     the     definition     of      Net     Sales      (c)     a     calculation     of     the     royalty     payment     due     on     such     sales;  
 (d)   an   accounting   of   the   number   of   units   and   prices   for   the   Products   sold;   and   (e)   application   of 
   
 58 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

the   reductions,   if   any,   made   in   accordance   with   the   terms   of   Section   11.7   and   11.8.   Within twenty   (20)   Business   Days   after   the   end   of   each   Calendar   Quarter,   each   Party   shall   provide   a preliminary report as described above for the most recent Calendar Quarter then ended.   Each Party   shall   reasonably   cooperate   to   reconcile   any   deviations   and   confirm   the   accuracy   to   the extent necessary under Applicable Laws, GAAP or   IFRS. 
   
   11.10   Exchange     Rate  .     The     rate     of     exchange     to     be     used     in     computing     the     amount     of     currency equivalent     in     U.S.     Dollars     owed     to     a     Party     under     this     Agreement     shall     be     equal     to     the     weighted average     exchange     rate,     over     the     applicable     Calendar     Quarter,     between     each     currency     of     origin and U.S. Dollars as reported by OANDA (www.oanda.com), or an equivalent resource as     agreed by     the     Parties,     on     the     last     Business     Day     of     the     Calendar     Quarter     in     which     the     applicable     Net Sales were     made.  

(a)   Cooperation and Coordination  . The Parties acknowledge and agree that it     is their mutual objective and intent to appropriately calculate, to the extent feasible and legal,     taxes payable with respect to their collaborative efforts under this Agreement and that they shall use     all commercially     reasonable     efforts     to     cooperate     and     coordinate     with     each     other     to     achieve     such objective. Ultragenyx shall cooperate with Takeda in seeking any tax exemption or credits     that may be available to Takeda with respect to any research which Takeda or its affiliates perform     or fund under this Agreement, including any credits under section 45C of the U.S. Internal     Revenue Code of 1986, as     amended.  
   
 (b)   Payment     of     Tax  .     A     Party     receiving     a     payment     pursuant     to     this     ARTICLE     11 shall     pay     any     and     all     taxes     levied     on     such     payment.     A     Party     making     a     payment     pursuant     to     this ARTICLE 11 shall make a reasonable effort to obtain the lowest tax rate under Applicable     Laws for taxes required to be deducted and withheld. If Applicable Laws require that  taxes     be deducted and withheld from a payment made pursuant to this ARTICLE 11, after a Party     making a     payment     makes     a     reasonable     effort     to     obtain     the     lowest     tax     rate,     the     remitting     Party     shall:     (i) deduct     those     taxes     from     the     payment;     (ii)     pay     the     taxes     to     the     proper     taxing     authority;     and     (iii) send     evidence     of     the     obligation     together     with     proof     of     payment     to     the     other     Party     within     sixty  
 (60) days following that   payment. 
   
   (c)   Tax Residence Certificate  . A Party receiving a payment pursuant to     this ARTICLE     11     shall     provide     the     remitting     Party     appropriate     certification     from     relevant     revenue authorities     that     such     Party     is     a     tax     resident     of     that     jurisdiction,     if     such     receiving     Party     wishes     to claim     the     benefits     of     an     income     tax     treaty     to     which     that     jurisdiction     is     a     party.     Upon     the     receipt thereof, any deduction and withholding of taxes shall be made at the appropriate treaty tax     rate.  
   
 (d)   Assessment  . Either Party may, at its own expense, protest any     assessment, proposed assessment, or other claim by any Governmental Authority for any additional      amount of     taxes,     interest     or     penalties     or     seek     a     refund     of     such     amounts     paid     if     permitted     to     do     so     by Applicable Laws. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in any  protest  by     providing records     and     such     additional     information     as     may     reasonably     be     necessary     for     a     Party     to     pursue such     protest.  
 59 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(e)   Withholding  .   If   a Party that owes a payment under this Agreement assigns     its rights and obligations to any Person and if, solely as a result of such  assignment,      the withholding or deduction of tax required by Applicable Laws with respect to payments under     this Agreement is increased, then, subject to Section 11.11(f), any amount payable under     this Agreement     shall     be     increased     to     take     into     account     such     withheld     or     deducted     taxes     as     may     be necessary so that, after making all required withholdings and deductions (including     withholdings and     deductions     on     amounts     payable     under     this     Section     11.11(e)),     the     payee     receives     an     amount equal     to     the     sum     it     would     have     received     had     no     such     increased     withholding     or     deduction     been made.     For     the     avoidance     of     doubt,     if     a     payee     under     this     Agreement     assigns     its     rights     and obligations under this Agreement, the payee shall not be entitled to any additional payments     with respect to Taxes arising as a result of such payee's     assignment.  
   
   (f)   Credit.   To the extent a payee obtains any credit for Taxes for which it     has received a payment pursuant to Section 11.11(e) against any liability for tax in the year in     which the     receipt     is     taxable,     any     preceding     years,     or     any     succeeding     years     within     the     term     of     this Agreement, thereby reducing out-of-pocket tax payments by the Section 11.11(e)-payee in     such year or years, calculated on a "with and without" basis, the Section 11.11(e)-payee      shall promptly reimburse the Section 11.11(e)-payor an amount equal to its tax savings resulting     from such credit and the Section 11.11(e)-payee shall timely provide the Section 11.11(e)-payor     with reasonable evidence as may reasonably be requested to determine whether any amounts     are subject to reimbursement pursuant to this Section     11.11(f).  
   
   11.12   Audit.     Each     Party     will     maintain     complete     and     accurate     records     in     sufficient     detail     to permit     the     other     Party     to     confirm     the     accuracy     of     the     calculation     of     royalty     and     other     payments under this Agreement. Upon reasonable prior notice, such records shall be available     during regular business hours for a period of three (3) years from the end of the Calendar Year to     which they pertain for examination at the expense of the requesting Party, and not more often than     once each     Calendar     Year,     by     an     independent     certified     public     accountant     selected     by     the     requesting Party and reasonably acceptable to the other Party, for the sole purpose of verifying the     accuracy of     the     financial     reports     furnished     by     the     other     Party     pursuant     to     this     Agreement.     Any     such auditor     shall     not     disclose     the     other     Party s     Confidential     Information,     except     to     the     extent     such disclosure is necessary to verify the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by the other     Party or     the     amount     of     payments     due     by     the     other     Party     under     this     Agreement     during     the     prior     thirty six (36) months. Any amounts shown to be owed but unpaid shall be paid within thirty (30)     days from     the     accountant s     report,     plus     interest     (as     set     forth     in     Section     11.13)     from     the     original     due date. Any amounts shown to have been overpaid shall be refunded within thirty (30) days     from the     accountant s     report.     The     requesting     Party     shall     bear     the     full     cost     of     such     audit     unless     such audit     discloses     an     underpayment     by     other     Party     of     more     than     five     percent     (5%)     of     the     amount due, in which case the other Party shall bear the full cost of such     audit.  
   
   11.13   Manner     of     Payment,     Late     Payment.     All     payments     due     to     a     Party     hereunder     shall     be made in U.S. Dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds into an account     designated by     such     Party.     If     a     Party     does     not     receive     payment     of     any     sum     due     to     it     on     or     before     the     due date, simple interest shall thereafter accrue on the sum due to such Party until the  date     of payment     at     the     per     annum     rate     of     one     percent     (1%)     over     the     then-current     prime     rate     quoted     by  
   
 60 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Citibank   in   New   York   City   or   the   maximum   rate   allowable   by   Applicable   Laws,   whichever   is lower. 
   
 11.14   Finance and Accounting Working Group  . The Parties shall cooperate with each     other to     achieve     the     finance     and     accounting     objectives     contemplated     herein     in     a     timely,     accurate     and responsive manner. The Parties shall establish a finance and accounting working group     to manage     financial     and     accounting     affairs     related     to     the     Products,     which,     for     at     least     the     first twelve (12) months after the Effective Date, shall meet monthly unless otherwise agreed upon     by the     Parties.  
   
     ARTICLE 12      INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   MATTERS 
   
   12.1   Ownership of Inventions  .  
   
 (a)   Sole     Ownership.     Subject     to     the     terms     of     this     Agreement,     each     Party     shall     own any Inventions made solely by its own employees, agents, or independent contractors or     its Affiliate s or sublicensees  employees, agents, or independent contractors in the course     of conducting its activities under this Agreement, together with all intellectual property     rights therein.  
   
   (b)   Joint Ownership  . The Parties shall jointly own any Inventions that are     made jointly     by     employees,     agents,     or     independent     contractors     of     each     Party     or     its     Affiliates     in     the course     of     performing     activities     under     this     Agreement,     together     with     all     intellectual     property rights therein (the    Joint     Inventions   ).  
   
 (c)   Inventorship.   For purposes of this Agreement, inventorship shall be     determined in accordance with U.S. patent laws.  

12.2   
 
  Assignment Obligation and Disclosure of     Inventions  .   

(a)   Each Party shall cause all Persons who perform activities for such Party under     this Agreement to be under an obligation to assign (or, if such Party is unable to cause such Person     to agree to such assignment obligation despite such Party using commercially reasonable efforts     to negotiate such assignment obligation, provide a license under) their rights in any Information     and Inventions     resulting     therefrom     to     such     Party,     except     where     Applicable     Law     requires     otherwise and except in the case of governmental, not-for-profit and public institutions which      have standard policies against such an assignment (in which case a suitable license, or right to     obtain such a license, shall be     obtained).  
   
 (b)   Takeda will promptly disclose to Ultragenyx in writing, the     conception, discovery, development or making of any Joint Inventions and any Inventions     Covering Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvements by Persons who perform activities for Takeda under     this Agreement.  

61 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   Ultragenyx will promptly disclose to Takeda in writing the conception,     discovery, development     or     making     of     any     Joint     Inventions     and     any     Inventions     Covering     Licensed     Product Improvements, or Option Product     Improvements.  
   
 (d)   Each Party will promptly disclose to the other Party in writing, the     conception, discovery, development or making of any Joint Inventions by Persons who perform activities     for it under this     Agreement.  

(a)   Licensed   [***]   Patents, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, and     Joint Patents relating to Licensed Products.   Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.3(a),     as between the Parties, Takeda shall have the sole right and authority to prepare, file, prosecute     and maintain the Licensed [***] Patent, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, and, where relating     to Licensed     Products,     Joint     Patents     (collectively,     the      [***]     Patent     Prosecution )     on     a     worldwide basis (including the right to defend in patent office proceedings such as inter partes reviews,     post grant reviews and oppositions).Takeda shall bear all costs of preparation, filing, prosecution     and maintenance     of     the     [***]     Patent     Prosecution     in     the     Territory.     Provided     that     Ultragenyx s     rights with respect to the applicable Licensed Product have not terminated, Takeda, upon     Ultragenyx s request,     shall     provide     Ultragenyx     a     reasonable     opportunity     to     review     and     comment     on     material communications from any patent authority in the Territory regarding the [***] Patent     Prosecution and drafts of any material filings or responses to be made to such patent authorities in advance     of submitting such filings or responses. Takeda shall consider Ultragenyx s comments     regarding such     communications     and     drafts     in     good     faith     with     a     view     to     maximizing     the     Patent     protection and     scope     in     the     Territory     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field.     If     Ultragenyx s     rights     with     respect     to     the applicable Licensed Product have not terminated and Takeda determines in its sole discretion     to abandon     or     not     maintain     any     Licensed     [***]     Patent,     Licensed     Product     Improvement     Patent,     or, where relating to Licensed Products, Joint Patent that is being prosecuted or maintained     by Takeda     in     the     Territory     and     that     is     applicable     to     the     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field,     then     Takeda     shall provide Ultragenyx with written notice of such determination within a period of time     reasonably necessary     to     allow     Ultragenyx     to     determine,     in     its     sole     discretion,     its     interest     in     such     Patent(s) (which notice by Takeda shall be given no later than sixty (60) days prior to the final deadline     for any pending action or response that may be due with respect to such Patent(s) with the     applicable patent authority). If Ultragenyx provides timely written notice expressing its interest     in continuing     to     support     such     Patent(s),     Ultragenyx     shall     have     the     right     to     pursue     the     filing     or support     the     continued     prosecution     or     maintenance     of     such     Patents     and     Takeda     shall     provide     to Ultragenyx,     subject     to     reimbursement     of     Takeda s     out-of-pocket     costs,     all     unpublished     patent applications     and     any     other     information     and     documents     necessary     to     permit     Ultragenyx     to     take such action to establish or preserve any such Patents. If Ultragenyx pursues the filing or     support of     such     Patents     and     Takeda     continues     to     pursue     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field,     it shall provide Takeda a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on     material communications     from     any     patent     authority     in     the     Territory     regarding     such     Patents     and     drafts     of any     material     filings     or     responses     to     be     made     to     such     patent     authorities     in     advance     of     submitting such filings or responses. Ultragenyx shall consider Takeda s comments regarding     such communications and drafts in good     faith.  
   
 62 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Option Product Patents, Option Product Improvement Patents, and     Joint Patents Relating to Research Products.   Except as otherwise provided in this Section      12.3(b), as     between     the     Parties,     Takeda     shall     have     the     sole     right     and     authority     to     prepare,     file,     prosecute and maintain the Option Product Patents, Option Product Improvement Patents and,     where relating     to     Research     Products,     Joint     Patents     on     a     worldwide     basis     (including     the     right     to     defend in     patent     office     proceedings     such     as     inter     partes     reviews,     post     grant     reviews     and     oppositions). Takeda shall bear all costs of preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Option     Product Patents,     Option     Product     Improvement     Patents     and,     where     relating     to     Research     Products,     Joint Patents     in     the     Territory.     During     the     Collaboration     Term,     Takeda,     upon     Ultragenyx s     request, shall provide Ultragenyx a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on     material communications from any patent authority in the Territory regarding Option Product     Patents, Option Product Improvement Patents and, where relating to Research Products, Joint Patents     and drafts     of     any     material     filings     or     responses     to     be     made     to     such     patent     authorities     in     advance     of submitting such filings or responses. Takeda shall consider Ultragenyx s comments     regarding such     communications     and     drafts     in     good     faith     with     a     view     to     maximizing     the     Patent     protection and     scope     in     the     Territory     in     the     Licensed     Field;     provided     that     final     decision     making     authority rests with Takeda. If, during the Collaboration Term, Takeda determines in its sole discretion     to abandon     or     not     maintain     any     Option     Product     Patent,     Option     Product     Improvement     Patent     and, where relating to Research Products, Joint Patent that is being prosecuted or maintained     by Takeda in the Territory, then Takeda shall provide Ultragenyx with written notice of     such determination within a period of time reasonably necessary to allow Ultragenyx to determine,     in its     sole     discretion,     its     interest     in     such     Patent(s)     (which     notice     by     Takeda     shall     be     given     no     later than     sixty     (60)     days     prior     to     the     final     deadline     for     any     pending     action     or     response     that     may     be due     with     respect     to     such     Patent(s)     with     the     applicable     patent     authority).     If     Ultragenyx     provides timely     written     notice     expressing     its     interest     in     continuing     to     support     such     Patent(s),     Ultragenyx shall     have     the     right     to     pursue     the     filing     or     support     the     continued     prosecution     or     maintenance     of such Patents and Takeda shall provide to Ultragenyx, subject to reimbursement of Takeda s     out- of-pocket     costs,     all     unpublished     patent     applications     and     any     other     information     and     documents necessary to permit Ultragenyx to take such action to establish or preserve any such Patents.     If Ultragenyx     pursues     the     filing     or     support     of     such     Patents,     it     shall     provide     Takeda     a     reasonable opportunity to review and comment on material communications from any patent authority in     the Territory regarding such Patents and drafts of any material filings or  responses to be made     to such     patent     authorities     in     advance     of     submitting     such     filings     or     responses.     Ultragenyx     shall consider Takeda s comments regarding such communications and drafts in good     faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option Product License     Agreement and/or     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     covering     an     Option     Product,     the     terms     of     such license agreement(s) shall govern the handling of the preparation, filing, prosecution     and maintenance of Patents covering the Option     Product(s).  
   
   (c)   Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement     Patents, Ultragenyx   [***]   Patents and Joint Patents Related to Ultragenyx Pipeline Products  .     Except as     otherwise     provided     in     this     Section     12.3(c),     as     between     the     Parties,     Ultragenyx     shall     have     the sole right and authority to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain the Ultragenyx Pipeline     Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents and, where relating     to Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Products,     the     Patents     included     in     the     Joint     Inventions     (the        Joint     Patents   ),  
 63 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

on a worldwide basis (including the right to defend in patent office proceedings such as   inter partes reviews, post grant reviews and oppositions). Ultragenyx shall bear all costs    of preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents,   Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents and, where relating to    Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, Joint Patents in the Territory. During the Takeda Option Term, Ultragenyx, upon Takeda s request, shall provide Takeda a reasonable opportunity to review and comment   on material communications from any patent authority in the Territory regarding   Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents and,   where relating to Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, Joint Patents and drafts of any material filings   or responses to be made to such patent authorities in advance of submitting such filings   or responses. Ultragenyx shall consider Takeda s comments regarding such communications   and drafts   in   good   faith   with   a   view   to   maximizing   the   Patent   protection   and   scope   in   the   Territory; provided that final decision making authority rests with Ultragenyx. During the Takeda   Option Term, if Ultragenyx determines in its sole discretion to abandon or not maintain any   Ultragenyx Pipeline   Patent,   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Improvement   Patent,   Ultragenyx   [***]   Patent   and,   where relating   to   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Products,   Joint   Patent   that   is   being   prosecuted   or   maintained   by Ultragenyx in the Takeda Territory, then Ultragenyx shall provide Takeda with written notice   of such   determination   within   a   period   of   time   reasonably   necessary   to   allow   Takeda   to   determine, in its sole discretion, its interest in such Patent(s) (which notice by Ultragenyx shall be given   no later than sixty (60) days prior to the final deadline for any pending action or response that   may be   due   with   respect   to   such   Patent(s)   with   the   applicable   patent   authority).   If   Takeda   provides timely written notice expressing its interest in continuing to support such Patent(s), Takeda   shall have   the   right   to   pursue   the   filing   or   support   the   continued   prosecution   or   maintenance   of   such Patents   and   Ultragenyx   shall   provide   to   Takeda,   subject   to   reimbursement   of   Ultragenyx s   out- of-pocket   costs,   all   unpublished   patent   applications   and   any   other   information   and   documents necessary to permit Takeda to take such action to establish or preserve any such Patents.    If  Takeda pursues the filing or support of such Patents, it shall provide Ultragenyx a   reasonable opportunity to review and comment on material communications from any patent authority in   the Territory   regarding   such   Patents   and   drafts   of   any   material   filings   or   responses   to   be   made   to such patent authorities in advance of submitting such filings or responses. Takeda shall   consider Takeda s comments regarding such communications and drafts in good faith.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Exercised Product License Agreement covering   an Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product,   the   terms   of   such   license   agreement   shall   govern   the   handling   of the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Patents covering such    Ultragenyx Pipeline   Product. 
   
 (d)   Cooperation in Prosecution  . Each Party shall provide the other Party     all reasonable     assistance     and     cooperation     in     the     Patent     prosecution     efforts     provided     above     in     this Section 12.3, including providing any necessary powers of attorney and executing any     other required     documents     or     instruments     for     such     prosecution,     as     well     as     further     actions     as     set     forth below.  
   
 (i)   The Parties shall respectively prepare, file, maintain and prosecute     the Patents     as     set     forth     in     this     Section     12.3.     As     used     herein,      prosecution      of     such     Patents     shall  

64 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

include all communication and other interaction with any patent office or patent authority   having jurisdiction over a patent application in connection with pre-grant   proceedings. 
   
 (ii)   All communications between the Parties relating to the preparation,     filing, prosecution     or     maintenance     of     the     Patents     as     set     forth     in     this     Section     12.3,     including     copies     of any     draft     or     final     documents     or     any     communications     received     from     or     sent     to     patent     offices     or patenting     authorities     with     respect     to     such     Patents,     shall     be     considered     Confidential     Information and subject to the confidentiality provisions of ARTICLE     14.  

12.4   
 
    Patent Term Extensions in the     Territory  .     

(a)   The     Parties     will     discuss     and     approve     for     which,     if     any,     of     the     Patents     under     this Agreement     the     Parties     should     seek     Patent     Term     Extensions     in     the     Territory  .     If     the     Parties     are unable to reach agreement for which, if any, of such Patents the Parties should seek Patent     Term Extension, the final decision shall rest with the Party who first receives Regulatory Approval     for the     Licensed     Product     or     Option     Product,     as     applicable,     with     respect     to     which     the     Patent     Term applies for such Party s territory. The Party with final decision-making authority shall act     with reasonable     promptness     in     light     of     the     stage     of     the     Products     to     apply     for     any     such     Patent     Term Extensions,     in     accordance     with     such     decision.     The     Party     that     does     not     apply     for     an     extension hereunder     will     cooperate     fully     with     the     other     Party     in     making     such     filings     or     actions,     including making available all required Regulatory Materials (including underlying data) and     Information and executing any required authorizations to apply for such Patent Term Extension.      All expenses     incurred     in     connection     with     activities     of     each     Party     with     respect     to     the     Patent(s)     for which     such     Party     seeks     Patent     Term     Extensions     pursuant     to     this     12.4     shall     be     entirely     borne     by the Party applying for such Patent Term     Extension.  
   
 12.5   Orange Book Listing  . The Party that is the NDA holder for the applicable Product     shall be     responsible     for     listing     and     maintaining     all     applicable     Patents     in     the     Orange     Book  ,     including payment of all costs and expenses related to such maintenance incurred after the Effective     Date. The listing and maintaining Party shall provide the other Party with its planned  listings     in advance of their submission with sufficient time for the other Party to review and     provide comments.     The     listing     and     maintaining     Party     shall     consider     any     such     comments     in     good     faith. Upon request of the listing and maintaining Party, the other Party shall cooperate in the filing     of appropriate information with the FDA listing such Patents in the Orange     Book.  

12.6   
 
    Infringement of Patents by Third Parties  .     

(a)   Notification  . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of     any existing, alleged or threatened infringement of the Licensed [***] Patents, Licensed     Product Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Option Product Patents, Option     Product Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement     Patents, and     Joint     Patents     in     the     Licensed     Field     in     the     Territory     of     which     it     becomes     aware,     and     shall provide all Information in such Party s possession or control demonstrating such     infringement.  
   
   (b)   Infringement     Action  .  
   
 65 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(i)   Takeda shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to bring     an appropriate     suit     or     other     action     against     any     Third     Party     engaged     in     any     existing,     alleged     or threatened     infringement     related     to     the     Joint     Patents,     Licensed     [***]     Patents,     Licensed     Product Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Option Product Patents, and Option     Product Improvement Patents, in each case where relating to Licensed Products or Research Products     (a    Takeda Product Infringement   ), subject to Section 12.6(b)(ii) through 12.6(b)(iv); provided     that if     a     Takeda     Product     Infringement     concerns     the     enforcement     of     any     Valid     Claim     against     a     Third Party     making,     using,     selling,     offering     for     sale,     or     importing     solely     within     the     Ultragenyx     Field, Takeda must receive Ultragenyx s prior consent with respect to all strategic decisions     in connection with such Takeda Product Infringement, such consent not to be     unreasonably withheld,     conditioned,     or     delayed;     and     provided     further     that     if     Takeda     is     not     Developing     or Commercializing     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field,     then     the     foregoing     first     right with     respect     to     a     Takeda     Product     Infringement     shall     become     Ultragenyx s     first     right     hereunder. Ultragenyx     shall     have     the     first     right,     but     not     the     obligation,     to     bring     an     appropriate     suit     or     other action against any Third Party engaged in any existing, alleged or  threatened     infringement related     to     the     Joint     Patents,     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Patents     and     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Improvement Patents, in each case where relating to an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (an    Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement   ), subject to Section 12.6(b)(ii) through 12.6(b)(iv).  Notwithstanding     the foregoing, following the execution of an Option Product License Agreement or      Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such license agreement shall govern the handling of     the infringement actions relating to the Patents covering such Licensed Option Product or     Exercised Product, respectively, that is the subject of such license     agreement.  
   
   (ii)   The Parties shall discuss how to address each Takeda      Product Infringement     and     Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement     and     the     Party     with     the     first     right     to     enforce shall     consider     in     good     faith     the     input     of     the     other     Party     in     determining     how     to     proceed.     The Party with the first right to enforce shall notify the other Party of its election to take any action     in accordance with Section 12.6(b)(i) within ten (10) Business Days before any time limit set     forth in an Applicable Laws or regulation, including the time limits set forth under the Hatch     Waxman Act. In the event such Party does not so elect, it shall so notify the other Party in writing, and     the other Party shall have the right to commence a suit or take action to enforce the applicable     Patent against such Third Party perpetrating such Takeda Product Infringement or Ultragenyx     Product Infringement, as applicable, in the applicable portion of the Territory at its own cost and     expense. If     one     Party     elects     to     bring     suit     or     take     action     against     the     Takeda     Product     Infringement     or Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement,     as     applicable,     then     the     other     Party     (at     its     expense)     shall     have the right, prior to commencement of the trial, suit or action, to join any such suit or     action.  
   
   (iii)   Each Party shall provide to the Party enforcing any such rights under     this Section 12.6(b) reasonable assistance in such enforcement, at such enforcing Party s request     and expense,     including     joining     such     action     as     a     party     plaintiff     if     required     by     Applicable     Laws     to pursue     such     action.     The     enforcing     Party     shall     keep     the     other     Party     regularly     informed     of     the status     and     progress     of     such     enforcement     efforts     and     shall     reasonably     consider     the     other     Party s comments     on     any     important     aspects     of     such     enforcement,     including     determination     of     litigation strategy and filing of important papers to the competent     court.  

66 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(iv)   Subject to this Section 12.6(b)(iv), the enforcing Party shall be     solely responsible for all costs and expenses arising from a suit or action against a Takeda     Product Infringement or Ultragenyx Product Infringement, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt,     the enforcing Party shall not be responsible for the other Party s internal costs (e.g., FTEs)     incurred as     a     result     of     the     other     Party s     cooperation     with     the     enforcement     action     as     provided     in     Section 12.6(b)(iii). The Party not bringing an action with respect to the Takeda Product Infringement     or Ultragenyx Product Infringement, as applicable, under this Section 12.6(b) shall be entitled     to separate     representation     in     such     matter     by     counsel     of     its     own     choice     and     at     its     own     expense,     but such Party shall at all times cooperate fully with the Party bringing such     action.  
   
   (c)   Settlement  .     The     enforcing     Party     may     settle     any     claim,     suit     or     action     that     it     has brought under this Section 12.6 without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided     that any     such     settlement     does     not     negatively     impact     the     non-enforcing     Party s     rights     or     interests     in such non-enforcing Party s territory or     field.  
   
   (d)   Allocation of Proceeds  . If either Party recovers monetary damages from     any Third Party in a suit or action brought under Sections 12.6(b), 12.6(c), or 12.8(b) or any     royalties from a license agreement with a Third Party related to any alleged Takeda Product     Infringement or     Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement,     as     applicable,     such     recovery     shall     be     allocated     first     to     the reimbursement of any expenses incurred by the Parties in such suit or action, and any remaining amounts shall be split as follows: (i) if such suit or action is initiated or defended by     Ultragenyx, such     amounts     shall     be     retained     by     Ultragenyx,     or     (ii)     if     such     suit     or     action     was     initiated     or defended by Takeda, such amounts shall be retained by     Takeda.  

12.7   
 
    Infringement of Third Party Rights in the     Territory  .   

(a)   Notice  . If any Licensed Product used or sold by either Party, its     Affiliates, licensees     or     sublicensees     becomes     the     subject     of     a     Third     Party s     claim     or     assertion     of infringement of a Patent granted in either Party s field or territory, the Party first having notice     of the     claim     or     assertion     shall     promptly     notify     the     other     Party,     the     Parties     shall     agree     on     and     enter into an  identity of interest agreement  wherein such Parties agree to their  shared,     mutual interest     in     the     outcome     of     such     potential     dispute,     and     thereafter,     the     Parties     shall     promptly     meet to consider the claim or assertion and the appropriate course of     action.  
   
 (b)   Defense  .  
   
 (i)   Ultragenyx shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to defend     any Third Party claim or assertion of infringement of a Patent described in Section 12.7(a) above     by Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, at Ultragenyx s expense. If Ultragenyx does not      commence actions     to     defend     such     claim     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     it     receives     notice     thereof     (or     within thirty (30) days after it should have given notice thereof to Takeda as required by     Section 12.7(a)), then, to the extent allowed by Applicable Laws, Takeda shall have the right, but not the obligation,     to     control     the     defense     of     such     claim     by     counsel     of     its     choice,     at     Takeda s     expense. The non-defending Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Party conducting the defense of     the claim or assertion, including if required to conduct such defense, furnishing a power of     attorney.  
   
 67 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(ii)   Takeda     shall     have     the     first     right,     but     not     the     obligation,     to     defend     any Third Party claim or assertion of infringement of a Patent described in Section 12.7(a) above     by Licensed [***] Products, Licensed Analog Products, Candidate Products or Option Products,     at Takeda s expense. If Takeda does not commence actions to defend such claim within thirty     (30) days     after     it     receives     notice     thereof     (or     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     it     should     have     given     notice thereof     to     Ultragenyx     as     required     by     Section     12.7(a)),     then,     to     the     extent     allowed     by     Applicable Laws, Ultragenyx shall have the right, but not the obligation, to control the defense of such     claim by     counsel     of     its     choice,     at     Ultragenyx s     expense.     The     non-defending     Party     shall     reasonably cooperate with the Party conducting the defense of the claim or assertion, including if required     to conduct such defense, furnishing a power of     attorney.  
   
 (iii)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement     shall     govern     the     handling     of     the     defense     against     infringement     by     Product(s)     that     are the subject of the applicable license     agreement.  
   
 (c)   Settlement; Licenses  . Neither Party shall enter into any settlement of any     claim described in this Section 12.7 that negatively affects the other Party s rights or interests     without such other Party s written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably     withheld, conditioned or delayed. Each Party shall have the right to decline to defend or to tender     defense of     any     such     claim     to     the     other     Party     upon     reasonable     notice,     including     if     the     other     Party     fails     to agree to a settlement that such Party proposes. In the event that it is determined by any court     of competent jurisdiction that the Exploitation of a Product in the Licensed Field in the     Ultragenyx Territory, conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, infringes,     or the     JSC     determines     that     such     activities     are     likely     to     infringe,     any     patent,     copyright,     trademark, data exclusivity right or trade secret right arising under Applicable Laws of any Third     Party, Ultragenyx shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to: (i) procure a license from such     Third Party authorizing Ultragenyx to continue to conduct such activities; or (ii) modify such     activities so as to render it     non-infringing.  

12.8   
 
  Patent Oppositions and Other     Proceedings  .   

(a)   Third-Party Patent Rights  .   If   either Party desires to bring an opposition,     action for declaratory judgment, nullity action, interference, declaration for     non-infringement, reexamination     or     other     attack     upon     the     validity,     title     or     enforceability     of     a     Patent     owned     or controlled by a Third Party and having one or more claims that covers a Product, or the use,     sale, offer     for     sale     or     importation     of     a     Product     (except     insofar     as     such     action     is     a     counterclaim     to     or defense of, or accompanies a defense of, a Third Party s claim or assertion of infringement     under Section     12.7,     in     which     case     the     provisions     of     Section     12.7     shall     govern),     such     Party     shall     so notify     the     other     Party     and     the     Parties     shall     promptly     confer     to     determine     whether     to     bring     such action     or     the     manner     in     which     to     settle     such     action.     Ultragenyx     shall     have     the     exclusive     right, but     not     the     obligation,     to     bring     at     its     own     expense     and     in     its     sole     control     such     action     in     the Territory with respect to Ultragenyx Pipeline Products. Takeda shall have the exclusive right,     but not     the     obligation,     to     bring     at     its     own     expense     and     in     its     sole     control     such     action     with     respect     to Licensed [***] Products, Licensed Analog Products and Research Products in the Territory. If     the  
   
 68 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Party   with   the   first   right   does   not   bring   such   an   action,   within   ninety   (90)   days   of   notification thereof   pursuant   to   this   Section   12.8(a)   (or   earlier,   if   required   by   the   nature   of   the   proceeding), then the other Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to bring, at its sole expense,   such action. The Party not bringing an action under this Section 12.8(a) shall be entitled to   separate representation in such proceeding by counsel of its own choice and at its own expense, and   shall cooperate fully with the Party bringing such action. Any awards or amounts received in   bringing any such action shall be first allocated to reimburse the initiating Party s expenses in such   action and any remaining amounts shall be retained by such   Party. 
   
   (b)   Parties  Patent Rights  . If any Licensed [***] Patents, Licensed     Product Improvement Patent, Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Option Product Patent, Option     Product Improvement     Patent,     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Patent,     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Improvement     Patent,     or Joint     Patent     becomes     the     subject     of     any     proceeding     commenced     by     a     Third     Party     within     the Territory in connection with an opposition, reexamination request, action for     declaratory judgment,     nullity     action,     interference     or     other     attack     upon     the     validity,     title     or     enforceability thereof     (except     insofar     as     such     action     is     a     counterclaim     to     or     defense     of,     or     accompanies     a defense of, an action for infringement against a Third Party under Section 12.6, in which case     the provisions of Section 12.6 shall govern), then the Party responsible for filing,     preparing, prosecuting and maintaining such Patent as set forth in Section 12.3, shall control such defense     at its own cost and expense. The controlling Party shall permit the non-controlling Party     to participate in the proceeding to the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, and to     be represented by its own counsel in such proceeding, at the non-controlling Party s expense. If     the controlling Party decides that it does not wish to defend against such action, then the other     Party shall have a backup right to assume defense of such Third-Party action at its own expense.     Any awards or amounts received in defending any such Third-Party action shall be allocated     between the Parties as provided in Section     12.6(d).  
   
   ARTICLE 13      REPRESENTATIONS AND   WARRANTIES 
   
 13.1   Mutual Representations, Warranties and Covenants  . Each of the Parties     hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as of the Execution Date and covenants     that:  
   
 (a)   Organization.   It   is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in     good standing     under     the     laws     of     the     jurisdiction     of     its     organization,     and     has     all     requisite     power     and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute, deliver, and perform this     Agreement.  
   
 (b)   Binding     Agreement.     This     Agreement     is     a     legal     and     valid     obligation     binding upon such Party and enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects     of bankruptcy, insolvency, or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of     creditor rights, judicial principles affecting the availability of specific performance,  and     general principles of equity (whether enforceability is considered a proceeding at law or     equity).  
   
 (c)   Authorization.   The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement     by such     Party     have     been     duly     authorized     by     all     necessary     corporate     action     and     do     not     conflict     with any agreement, instrument, or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party or by which     it is     bound,     nor     violate     any     Applicable     Laws     or     any     order,     writ,     judgment,     injunction,     decree,  
 69 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

determination,   or   award   of   any   court   or   governmental   body,   or   administrative   or   other   agency presently in effect applicable to such   Party. 
   
 (d)   No Further Approval.   Subject to Section 18.1, it is not aware  of      any government authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or registration     with any     court     or     governmental     department,     commission,     board,     bureau,     agency     or     instrumentality, domestic or foreign, under any Applicable Laws, currently in effect, necessary for, or     in connection     with,     the     transactions     contemplated     by     this     Agreement     or     any     other     agreement     or instrument executed in connection herewith, or for the performance by it of its obligations     under this Agreement and such other agreements (save for Regulatory Approvals and     similar authorizations from Regulatory Authorities necessary for the Exploitation of the Compounds     and the Products as contemplated     hereunder).  
   
 (e)   No Inconsistent Obligations.   Neither Party is under any obligation,      contractual or otherwise, to any Person that conflicts with or is inconsistent in any material respect with     the terms     of     this     Agreement,     or     that     would     impede     the     diligent     and     complete     fulfillment     of     its obligations     hereunder.  
   
 (f)   Transparency Reporting  . Each Party shall be responsible for tracking     and reporting transfers of value initiated and controlled by its and its Affiliates      employees, independent contractors, and agents pursuant to the requirements of the marketing reporting     laws of     any     Government     Authority     in     the     Territory,     including     Section     6002     of     the     Patient     Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as the  Sunshine     Act.   
   
 (g)   Neither Party nor any of its Affiliates has been debarred by the FDA, is subject     to any similar sanction of other Regulatory Authorities in the Territory, and neither Party nor any     of its Affiliates has used, or will engage, in any capacity, in connection with this Agreement or     any ancillary     agreements     (if     any),     any     Person     who     either     has     been     debarred     by     such     a     Regulatory Authority,     or     is     the     subject     of     a     conviction     described     in     Section     306     of     the     FFDCA.     Each     Party shall inform the other in writing promptly if it or any Person engaged by such Party or any of     its Affiliates who is performing services under this Agreement or any ancillary agreements (if     any) is     debarred     or     is     the     subject     of     a     conviction     described     in     Section     306     of     the     FFDCA,     or     if     any action,     suit,     claim,     investigation     or     legal     or     administrative     proceeding     is     pending     or,     to     such Party s     Knowledge,     is     threatened,     relating     to     the     debarment     or     conviction     of     such     Party,     any     of its Affiliates or any such Person performing services hereunder or     thereunder.  
   
 13.2   Additional     Representations,       Warranties       and       Covenants     of       Takeda  .  Takeda   represents and warrants as of the Execution Date and covenants to Ultragenyx     that:  
   
 (a)   Takeda has all rights necessary to grant the options and licenses under     the Licensed     [***]     Technology     and     Option     Product     Technology     and     rights     of     cross-reference     under Regulatory Materials, in each case, existing as of the Execution Date that it grants to     Ultragenyx in     this     Agreement.     For     the     duration     of     the     Term,     Takeda     shall     not,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates not to, grant to any Third Party rights in the Licensed Field or the Ultragenyx Field,     as applicable, in the Territory that encumber, diminish or conflict with the rights granted     to  
   
 70 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Ultragenyx hereunder with respect to the Licensed [***] Technology, Option Product   Technology, Joint Intellectual Property or Regulatory   Materials. 
   
   (b)   (i)     The     Patents     set     forth     in     Exhibit     1.168     represent     all     Takeda     Patents,     (ii)     to Takeda s Knowledge, the Compounds set forth in   Exhibit 13.2(b)   represent all     structures Controlled     by     Takeda     that     are     [***],     and  
 (i)   to Takeda s Knowledge, the Compound set forth in   Exhibit 1.94   represents the sole     Licensed [***] Compound. Takeda (Y) is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right, title and      interest in the Takeda Patents, and (Z) to Takeda s Knowledge, the sole and exclusive owner of the     entire right, title and interest in the Licensed [***] Compound and Licensed Analog Compounds, and     in each     of     cases     (Y)     and     (Z),     free     of     any     encumbrance,     lien,     or     claim     of     ownership     by     any     Third Party.  
   
 (c)   To Takeda s Knowledge, there is no actual or threatened infringement     or misappropriation of the Licensed [***] Technology and Option Product Technology by      any Person in the     Territory.  
   
 (d)   The Takeda Patents are being diligently prosecuted in the Territory in     accordance with Applicable Laws. To Takeda s Knowledge, the Takeda Patents have been filed     and maintained     properly     and     correctly     and     all     applicable     fees     have     been     paid     on     or     before     the     due date for     payment.  
   
 (e)   To Takeda s Knowledge, each of the Takeda Patents properly identifies each     and every     inventor     of     the     claims     thereof     as     determined     in     accordance     with     Applicable     Laws     of     the jurisdiction in which such Takeda Patent is issued or such application is     pending.  
   
 (f)   To the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, all employees of Takeda or     its Affiliates     performing     activities     under     this     Agreement     are     and     shall     be     under     an     obligation     to assign all right, title and interest in and to their Inventions and intellectual property rights     therein, to     Takeda     or     its     Affiliate(s)     as     the     sole     owner     thereof.     Ultragenyx     shall     have     no     obligation     to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or previously employed by Takeda     or any of its Affiliates in respect of any such Inventions and intellectual property rights therein     that are     so     assigned     to     Takeda     or     its     Affiliate(s).     Takeda     will     pay     all     such     remuneration     due     to     such inventors with respect to such Inventions and intellectual property rights     therein.  
   
 (g)   The Inventions claimed or disclosed by the Takeda Patents (i) were      not conceived, discovered, developed, or otherwise made in connection with any research     activities funded, in whole or in part, by the federal government of the U.S. or any agency thereof, (ii)     are not     a      subject     invention      as     that     term     is     described     in     35     U.S.C.     Section     201(f),     and     (iii)     are     not otherwise subject to the provisions of the Bayh-Dole     Act.  
   
 (h)   To Takeda s Knowledge, there are no material claims, judgments, or     settlements against,     or     amounts     with     respect     thereto,     owed     by     Takeda     or     any     of     its     Affiliates     to     any     Third Parties relating to the Regulatory Materials, Licensed [***] Technology or Option     Product Technology in the     Territory.  
 71 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(i)   No claim or litigation in the Territory has been brought or, to     Takeda s Knowledge, threatened by any Person alleging, and Takeda has no Knowledge of any     claim, whether or not asserted: (i) that any of the Takeda Patents is invalid or unenforceable, (ii) that     the Regulatory Materials, or the disclosing, copying, making, assigning, or licensing of     the Regulatory Materials, violates, infringes, or otherwise conflicts or interferes with, or     would violate,     infringe,     or     otherwise     conflict     or     interfere     with,     any     intellectual     property     or     proprietary right     of     any     Person;     or     (iii)     related     to     the     Development     or     Commercialization     of     the     Licensed Products or Research Products, including any claims of Product     Liability.  
   
 (j)   Takeda has no Knowledge of any material adverse information with respect to     the safety     and     efficacy     of     any     Licensed     Product     or     Research     Product     that     has     not     been     disclosed     to Ultragenyx, and all such information that has been disclosed is true, correct, and complete in     all material     respects.  
   
 (k)   To Takeda s Knowledge, Takeda and its Affiliates have generated,     prepared, maintained, and retained all material Regulatory Materials in the Licensed Field that are     required to be maintained or retained pursuant to and in accordance with GCP, GLP and other     Applicable Laws,     and     all     such     information     is     true,     complete     and     correct     in     all     material     respects     and     what     it purports to be.  
   
 (l)   Takeda  ,   without the prior written consent of Ultragenyx, during the Term, will     not solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any employee     of Ultragenyx, or any of its Affiliates, to terminate his or her relationship with Ultragenyx     or Ultragenyx s Affiliate. An offer of employment to an employee of Ultragenyx by Takeda     which results directly from unsolicited responses to general advertisements for employment will not     be deemed to be in violation of this     provision.  
   
 (m)   In performing its obligations under this Agreement, Takeda shall, and shall     cause its Affiliates to, comply with all Applicable Laws, including any applicable anti-corruption     or anti-bribery laws or regulation, of any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over     the activities performed by Takeda or its Affiliates in furtherance of such     obligations.  
   
 13.3   Additional Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Ultragenyx  .     Ultragenyx represents and warrants as of the Execution Date and covenants to Takeda     that:  
   
 (a)   Ultragenyx and its Affiliates have provided or made available to Takeda prior     to the Execution Date, true, complete, and correct copies (as of the Execution Date) of     all Ultragenyx In-License     Agreements.  
   
 (b)   Ultragenyx     has     all     rights     applicable     necessary     to     grant     the     options     and     licenses under the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property and rights of cross-reference under     Regulatory Materials, in each case, that it grants to Takeda in this Agreement. For the duration of the     Term, Ultragenyx     shall     not,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates     not     to,     grant     to     any     Third     Party     rights     in     the Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory     or     the     Licensed     Field     in     the     Takeda     Territory,     as     applicable,     that encumber,     diminish     or     conflict     with     the     rights     granted     to     Takeda     hereunder     with     respect     to     the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property, Joint Intellectual Property or Regulatory     Materials.  
 72 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   The Patents set forth in   Exhibit 1.188   represent all  Ultragenyx     Patents. Ultragenyx is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right, title and interest in the     Ultragenyx Patents free of any encumbrance, lien, or claim of ownership by any Third     Party.  
   
 (d)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, there is no actual or threatened infringement     or misappropriation of the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property by any Person in the     Territory.  
   
 (e)   The Ultragenyx Patents are being diligently prosecuted in the Territory     in accordance with Applicable Laws and consistent with Ultragenyx s current      prosecution practices. To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, the Ultragenyx Patents have been filed and     maintained properly     and     correctly     and     all     applicable     fees     have     been     paid     on     or     before     the     due     date     for payment.  
   
 (f)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, each of the Ultragenyx Patents properly     identifies each and every inventor of the claims thereof as determined in accordance with Applicable     Laws of the jurisdiction in which such Ultragenyx Patent is issued or such application is     pending.  
   
 (g)   To the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, all employees of Ultragenyx     or its Affiliates performing activities under this Agreement shall be under an obligation to assign     all right,     title     and     interest     in     and     to     their     Inventions,     and     intellectual     property     rights     therein,     to Ultragenyx or its Affiliate(s) as the sole owner thereof. Takeda shall have no obligation     to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or previously employed by     Ultragenyx or any of its Affiliates in respect of any such inventions, Information and discoveries     and intellectual property rights therein that are so assigned to Ultragenyx or its     Affiliate(s). Ultragenyx will pay all such remuneration due to such inventors with respect to such     Inventions and intellectual property rights     therein.  
   
 (h)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, the Inventions claimed or disclosed by     the Ultragenyx Patents (i) were not conceived, discovered, developed, or otherwise made     in connection with any research activities funded, in whole or in part, by the federal government     of the     U.S.     or     any     agency     thereof,     (ii)     are     not     a      subject     invention      as     that     term     is     described     in     35  

U.S.C.   
 
  Section 201(f), and (iii) are not otherwise subject to the provisions of the Bayh-Dole     Act.   

(i)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, there are no material claims, judgments,     or settlements against, or amounts with respect thereto, owed by Ultragenyx or any of its     Affiliates to any Third Parties relating to the Regulatory Materials or the Ultragenyx Intellectual     Property in the     Territory.  
   
 (j)   Ultragenyx has no Knowledge of any material adverse information with respect     to the     safety     and     efficacy     of     any     Compound     or     Product     that     has     not     been     disclosed     to     Takeda,     and all such information that has been disclosed is true, correct, and complete in all material     respects.  
   
 (k)   No claim or litigation in the Territory has been brought or, to     Ultragenyx s Knowledge, threatened by any Person alleging, and Ultragenyx has no Knowledge of any     claim, whether     or     not     asserted:     (i)     that any     of     the     Ultragenyx     Patents     is     invalid     or     unenforceable,     (ii) that the Regulatory Materials, the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property, or the disclosing,     copying,  
 73 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

making, assigning, or licensing of the Regulatory Materials or the Ultragenyx   Intellectual Property, violates, infringes, or otherwise conflicts or interferes with, or would violate,   infringe, or otherwise conflict or interfere with, any intellectual property or proprietary right  of   any Person; or (iii) related to the Development or Commercialization of the Products, including   any claims of Product   Liability. 
   
 (l)   In     performing     its     obligations     under     this     Agreement     Ultragenyx     shall,     and     shall cause its Affiliates to, comply with all Applicable Laws, including any applicable     anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws or regulation, of any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over     the activities performed by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates in furtherance of such     obligations.  
   
 (m)   Ultragenyx  ,   without the prior written consent of Takeda, during the Term, will     not solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any employee     of Takeda,     or     any     of     its     Affiliates,     to     terminate     his     or     her     relationship     with     Takeda     or     Takeda s Affiliate. An offer of employment to an employee of Takeda by Ultragenyx  which     results directly from unsolicited responses to general advertisements for employment will not     be deemed to be in violation of this     provision.  
   
 (n)   [***].  
   
 (o)   Ultragenyx has provided Takeda with true and correct copies (as of the     Execution Date)     of     all     Ultragenyx     In-License     Agreements     in     effect     as     of     the     Execution     Date.     None     of Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and, to their Knowledge, any Third Party, is in breach of     any Ultragenyx In-License Agreement and none of Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and, to     their Knowledge, any other party to any Ultragenyx In-License Agreement has threatened      to terminate, or has otherwise alleged any material breach under, such agreement and     each Ultragenyx In-License Agreement is in full force and effect in accordance with its     terms  
   
 13.4   No Other Representations or Warranties .   EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET     FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 13, THE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR   WARRANTIES OF   ANY   KIND   WHATSOEVER,   EITHER   EXPRESS   OR   IMPLIED,   WRITTEN   OR   ORAL, EITHER   IN   FACT   OR   BY   OPERATION   OF   LAW,   BY   STATUTE   OR   OTHERWISE,   AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES,   INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF QUALITY,   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTY OF   NON-INFRINGEMENT OR AS TO THE VALIDITY OF ANY PATENTS  IN  THE   TERRITORY. 
   
   ARTICLE 14      CONFIDENTIALITY 
   
   14.1   Nondisclosure.     Each     Party     agrees     that,     during     the     Term     and     for     a     period     of     ten     (10) years thereafter, a Party (the    Receiving Party   ) receiving Confidential Information of the     other Party (the    Disclosing Party   ) shall (a) maintain in confidence such Confidential     Information using     not     less     than     the     efforts     such     Receiving     Party     uses     to     maintain     in     confidence     its     own confidential or proprietary Information of similar kind and value, (b) not disclose     such  
 74 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Confidential   Information   to   any   Third   Party   without   the   prior   written   consent   of   the   Disclosing Party, except for disclosures expressly permitted below, and (c) not use such   Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement (it being understood   that this Section 14.1 shall not create or imply any rights or licenses not expressly granted under   this Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to any trade secret within such Confidential   Information shall   survive   such   ten   (10)   year   period   for   so   long   as   such   Confidential   Information   remains protected as a trade secret under Applicable   Laws. 
   
   14.2   Exceptions.    The obligations in Section 14.1 shall not apply with respect to any      portion of the Confidential Information that the Receiving Party can show by competent     evidence:  
   
 (a)   is publicly disclosed by the Disclosing Party, either before or after it is     disclosed to the Receiving Party     hereunder;  
   
 (b)   is known to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates, without any obligation     to keep it confidential or any restriction on its use, prior to disclosure by the Disclosing     Party;  
   
 (c)   is subsequently disclosed to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates on a     non- confidential     basis     by     a     Third     Party     that,     to     the     Receiving     Party s     Knowledge,     is     not     bound     by     a similar duty of confidentiality or restriction on its     use;  
   
 (d)   is     now,     or     hereafter     becomes,     through     no     act     or     failure     to     act     on     the     part     of     the Receiving     Party     or     any     of     its     Affiliates,     generally     known     or     available,     either     before     or     after     it     is disclosed to the Receiving     Party;  
   
 (e)   is     independently     discovered     or     developed     by     or     on     behalf     of     the     Receiving     Party or any of its Affiliates without the use of or access to Confidential Information belonging to     the Disclosing Party;     or  
   
 (f)   is the subject of written permission to disclose provided by the Disclosing     Party.  
   
   14.3   Authorized Disclosure.   The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential     Information belonging     to     the     Disclosing     Party     only     to     the     extent     such     disclosure     is     reasonably     necessary     in the following instances: filing or prosecuting Patents as permitted by this     Agreement;  
   
 (b)   filing Regulatory Materials in order to obtain or maintain Regulatory     Approvals;  
   
 (c)   prosecuting or defending litigation, including responding to a subpoena in a     Third Party     litigation;  
   
 (d)   complying with Applicable Laws or regulations or court or administrative     orders;  
 or 
   
 (e)   to its Affiliates, sublicensees or prospective sublicensees, subcontractors     or prospective     subcontractors,     payors,     consultants,     agents     and     advisors     on     a      need-to-know      basis  
   
 75 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

in order for the Receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under   this Agreement,   each   of   whom   prior   to   disclosure   must   be   bound   by   obligations   of   confidentiality and restrictions on use of such Confidential Information that are no less restrictive than those   set forth in this ARTICLE 14; provided, however, that, in each of the above situations,    the Receiving Party shall remain responsible for any failure by any Person who    receives Confidential Information pursuant to this Section 14.3 to treat such Confidential Information   as required under this ARTICLE   14. 
   
 (f)   If and whenever any Confidential Information is disclosed in accordance with     this Section     14.3,     such     disclosure     shall     not     cause     any     such     information     to     cease     to     be     Confidential Information     except     to     the     extent     that     such     disclosure     results     in     a     public     disclosure     of     such information     (other     than     by     breach     of     this     Agreement).     Notwithstanding     the     foregoing,     in     the event     a     Party     is     required     to     make     a     disclosure     of     the     other     Party s     Confidential     Information pursuant to clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 14.3, it will, except where impracticable,     give reasonable     advance     notice     to     the     other     Party     of     such     disclosure     and     use     not     less     than     the     same efforts to secure confidential treatment of such information as it would to protect its     own confidential     information     from     disclosure     and     shall     be     jointly     and     severally     liable     for     any     breach of this ARTICLE 14 by such     Person.  
   
   14.4   Terms of this Agreement.   The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement and all of     the respective terms of this Agreement shall be treated as Confidential Information of both     Parties.  
   
   14.5   Publicity.     The     Parties     shall     make     a     joint     public     announcement     of     the     execution     of     this Agreement     in     the     form     attached     as     Exhibit     14.5  ,     which     shall     be     issued     at     a     time     to     be     mutually agreed     by     the     Parties.     Each     Party     agrees     not     to     issue     any     other     press     release     or     other     public statement disclosing other information relating to this Agreement or the     transactions contemplated hereby that contains information not previously publicly disclosed in     accordance with this Section 14.5 without the prior written consent of the other Party, not to be     unreasonably withheld, conditioned or     delayed.  
   
   14.6   Securities Filings.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this ARTICLE 14, in     the event either Party proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the     securities regulators of any state or other jurisdiction a registration statement or any other     disclosure document     that     describes     or     refers     to     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     or     any     related agreements between the Parties, such Party shall notify the other Party of such intention and     shall provide     the     other     Party     with     a     copy     of     relevant     portions     of     the     proposed     filing     at     least     ten     (10) Business     Days     prior     to     such     filing     (and     any     revisions     to     such     portions     of     the     proposed     filing     a reasonable     time     prior     to     the     filing     thereof),     including     any     exhibits     thereto     that     refer     to     the     other Party     or     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     or     any     related     agreements     between     the Parties. The Party making such filing shall cooperate in good faith with the other Party to     obtain confidential     treatment     of     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     or     any     related     agreements between the Parties that the other Party requests to be kept confidential or otherwise     afforded confidential treatment, and shall only disclose Confidential Information that it is     reasonably advised by outside counsel is legally required to be disclosed. No such notice and provision of     a copy shall be required if the description of or reference to this Agreement or a related     agreement  
   
 76 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

between   the   Parties   contained   in   the   proposed   filing   has   been   included   in   any   previous   filing made by the either Party in accordance with this Section 14.6 or otherwise approved by the   other Party. 
   
   14.7   Relationship to Confidentiality Agreement.   As of the Effective Date, this     Agreement supersedes the Confidentiality Agreement; provided however, that all  Confidential     Information  disclosed or received by the Parties thereunder shall be deemed Confidential     Information hereunder and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this     Agreement.  
   
   14.8   Equitable Relief.   Given the nature of the Confidential Information and the     competitive damage that could result to a Party upon unauthorized disclosure, use or transfer of its Confidential Information to any Third Party, the Parties agree that monetary damages may not     be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this ARTICLE 14. In addition to all  other  remedies,     a Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief as     a remedy for any breach or threatened breach of this ARTICLE     14.  
   
   14.9   Publications.   All publications relating to the use of the Compound and/or a Product     in the Licensed Field shall be prepared, presented and/or published in accordance     with pharmaceutical industry accepted guidelines including: (a) International Committee of     Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) guidelines, (b) Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts Submitted     to Biomedical Journals: Writing and Editing for Biomedical Publication, (c)     Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) guidelines, and (d) Principles on Conduct     of Clinical     Trials.     Each     Party     will     have     the     right     to     publish     summaries     of     results     of     all     Clinical Trials conducted by such Party with respect to the use of a Product in the Licensed Field after     the Effective Date;   provided  ,   however,   that the other Party will have the right to review      and comment on all proposed publications prior to submission of such publication. The     publishing Party shall provide the other Party at least sixty (60) days prior notice to review and comment     on the     Clinical     Trials     results,     or     non-clinical     study     results     to     be     published     for     the     purposes     of preparing any necessary Patent     filings.  
   
 14.10   Clinical Trial Transparency  . Both Parties agree to collaborate to maintain     compliance with all Applicable Laws related to clinical trial transparency, as well as any     industry guidelines/codes of conduct, or other obligations that may apply to either the sponsor of     any clinical trial and/or the owner of any Regulatory Approval, all as relates to any Research     Product or Licensed Product. The Parties shall cooperate to maintain clinical  trial      transparency consistent with each sponsor s clinical trial registration, summary result, and data     sharing transparency policies and will support disclosure of Information as needed based on the needs     of the sponsors of the study or the Regulatory Approval holder with respect to  any     Research Product or Licensed     Product.  
   
   ARTICLE 15      TERM AND TERMINATION 
   
   15.1   Term  . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date  and      shall continue in full force and effect, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 15, until     the later     of     the     (a)     expiration     of     the     Collaboration     Term,     (b)     the     expiration     of     the     Takeda     Option Term,     (c)     the     expiration     of     the     Licensed     Product     Royalty     Term     with     respect     to     all     Licensed  
 77 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Products   in   the   Territory,   or   (d)   the   expiration   of   the   Takeda   Royalty   Term   with   respect   to   all Products the Takeda Territory (the     Term  ). 

15.2   
 
    Termination for Material     Breach  .   

(a)   Either Party (the    Non-breaching Party   ) may terminate this Agreement in     its entirety (except as otherwise provided in this Section 15.2(a)) if the other Party (the        Breaching     Party   )     has     materially     breached     this     Agreement,     and     such     material     breach     has     not     been     cured within sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice of such breach by the Breaching Party     from the Non-Breaching Party (the    Cure Period    provided, however, that, notwithstanding     the foregoing,     termination     pursuant     to     this     Section     15.2(a)     shall     be     on     a     Compound-by-Compound and     Product-by-Product     basis     unless     such     material     breach     materially     diminishes,     or     materially frustrates,     the     value     of     this     Agreement     to     the     Non-breaching     Party,     taken     as     a     whole,     in     which case the Non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety. Any termination     of this Agreement with respect to a Compound or Product, or in its entirety, pursuant to this     Section 15.2(a)     shall     become     effective     at     the     end     of     the     Cure     Period,     unless     the     Breaching     Party     has cured     any     such     material     breach     prior     to     the     expiration     of     such     Cure     Period.     The     right     of     either Party     to     terminate     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     a     Compound     or     Product,     or     in     its     entirety,     as provided     in     this     Section     15.2(a)     shall     not     be     affected     in     any     way     by     such     Party s     waiver     of     or failure to take action with respect to any previous breach under this     Agreement.  
   
   (b)   If the Parties reasonably and in good faith disagree as to whether there has been     a material     breach,     including     whether     such     breach     was     material,     the     Party     that     disputes     whether there     has     been     a     material     breach     may     contest     the     allegation     in     accordance     with     ARTICLE     16. Notwithstanding     anything     to     the     contrary     contained     in     Section     15.2(a),     the     Cure     Period     for     any Dispute     will     run     from     the     date     that     written     notice     was     first     provided     to     the     Breaching     Party     by the Non-Breaching Party through the resolution of such Dispute pursuant to ARTICLE 16, and     it is understood and acknowledged that, during the pendency of a Dispute pursuant to this     Section 15.2(b),     all     of     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     shall     remain     in     effect,     and     the     Parties shall continue to perform all of their respective obligations under this     Agreement.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for material breach with respect to     the activities that are the subject of such license agreement (which shall be on the basis of     this Section 15.2) and any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the existence of such     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

15.3   
 
    Termination for Safety     Reasons.   

(a)   Each     Party     shall     have     the     right     to     terminate     this     Agreement     on     a     Compound-by- Compound     and     Product-by-Product     basis     with     respect     to     such     Party s     field     and     territory     at     any time upon providing ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other Party (i) if     senior executives responsible for the terminating Party s pharmacovigilance and clinical     science functions determine in good faith that the risk/benefit profile of the Compound or Product is     such that     the     Compound     or     Product     cannot     continue     to     be     Developed     or     administered     to     patients  
 78 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

safely;   or   (b)   upon   the   occurrence   of   serious   adverse   events   related   to   the   use   of   the   Compound or Product that cause the terminating Party to conclude that the continued use of the   Compound or   Product   by   patients   will   result   in   patients   being   exposed   to   a   product   in   which   the   risks outweigh the   benefits. 
   
 (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for safety reasons with respect to     the activities that are the subject of such license agreement (which shall be on the basis of     this Section 15.3) and any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the existence of such     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

(a)   Takeda shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with respect to      the Takeda Option for any or no reason upon ninety (90) days written     notice.  
   
 (b)   Provided     that     Ultragenyx     has     completed     Development     activities     for     a     Licensed [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan     pursuant     to Section 4.3(a), after the end of the Collaboration Term Ultragenyx shall have the right     to terminate this Agreement with respect to any or all Licensed Products in any or all countries     for which it has rights with respect to such Licensed Products for any or no reason upon ninety     (90) days written     notice.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for convenience with respect to the     activities that     are     the     subject     of     such     license     agreement     (which     shall     be     on     the     basis     of     this     Section     15.4) and     any     termination     of     this     Agreement     shall     not     affect     the     existence     of     such     Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

15.5   
 
    Termination for Patent Challenge  .     

(a)   Takeda     may     terminate     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     the     Licensed     Products     at any     time     upon     providing     written     notice     to     Ultragenyx,     if     Ultragenyx,     or     any     of     Ultragenyx s Affiliates,     directly,     or     indirectly     through     assistance     granted     to     a     Third     Party,     commences     any interference or opposition proceeding, challenges the validity or enforceability of, or opposes     any extension of or the grant of a supplementary protection certificate with respect to any     Takeda Patent or any other Patent owned or controlled by Takeda that claims or discloses     the composition of matter or the method of making or using a Licensed     Product.  
   
 (b)   Takeda may terminate this Agreement with respect to all Candidate     Products and/or     Option     Products     at     any     time     upon     providing     written     notice     to     Ultragenyx,     if     Ultragenyx, or     any     of     Ultragenyx s     Affiliates,     directly,     or     indirectly     through     assistance     granted     to     a     Third Party, commences any interference or opposition proceeding, challenges the validity     or enforceability of, or opposes any extension of or the grant of a supplementary     protection  
 79 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

certificate   with   respect   to   any   Takeda   Patent   or   any   other   Patent   Controlled   by   Takeda   that claims   or   discloses   the   composition   of   matter   or   the   method   of   making   or   using   a   Candidate Product and/or Option   Product. 
   
 (c)   Ultragenyx may terminate this Agreement with respect to an Ultragenyx     Pipeline Product     at     any     time     upon     providing     written     notice     to     Takeda,     if     Takeda,     or     any     of     Takeda s Affiliates,     directly,     or     indirectly     through     assistance     granted     to     a     Third     Party,     commences     any interference or opposition proceeding, challenges the validity or enforceability of, or opposes     any extension of or the grant of a supplementary protection certificate with respect to any     Ultragenyx Patent or any other Patent Controlled by Ultragenyx that claims or discloses the composition     of matter or the method of making or using such Ultragenyx Pipeline     Product.  
   
 (d)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for patent challenge with respect to     the activities     that     are     the     subject     of     such     license     agreement     (which     shall     be     on     the     basis     of     this Section 15.5) and any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the existence of such     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

(a)   Either Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon providing     written notice to the other Party on or after the time that such other Party makes a general assignment     for the benefit of creditors, files an insolvency petition in bankruptcy, petitions for or acquiesces     in the appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer to liquidate or conserve its business     or any     substantial     part     of     its     assets,     commences     under     the     laws     of     any     jurisdiction     any     proceeding involving its insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, adjustment of debt, dissolution,     liquidation or     any     other     similar     proceeding     for     the     release     of     financially     distressed     debtors,     or     becomes     a party to any proceeding or action of the type described above, and such proceeding or     action remains un-dismissed or un-stayed for a period of more than ninety (90)     days.  
   
   (b)   All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement are, and     shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of Title 11 of the United States     Code and other similar laws in any other jurisdiction outside of the Territory (collectively,     the    Bankruptcy Laws   ), licenses of rights to  intellectual property  as defined  under     the Bankruptcy Laws. If a case is commenced during the Term by or against a Party     under Bankruptcy Laws then, unless and until this Agreement is rejected as provided pursuant to     such Bankruptcy Laws, such Party (in any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its     successors and     assigns     (including     a     Title     11     trustee)     shall     perform     all     of     the     obligations     in     this     Agreement intended to be performed by such Party. If a case is commenced during the Term by or against     a Party under the Bankruptcy Laws, this Agreement is rejected as provided for under     the Bankruptcy Laws, and the non-bankrupt Party elects to retain its rights hereunder as provided     for under     the     Bankruptcy     Laws,     then     the     Party     subject     to     such     case     under     the     Bankruptcy     Laws     (in any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title     11 trustee), shall provide to the non-bankrupt Party copies of all Patents and Information     necessary for     the     non-bankrupt     Party     to     prosecute,     maintain     and     enjoy     its     rights     under     the     terms     of     this  
 80 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Agreement. All rights, powers and remedies of the non-bankrupt Party as provided herein are   in addition   to   and   not   in   substitution   for   any   and   all   other   rights,   powers   and   remedies   now   or hereafter existing at law or in equity (including the Bankruptcy Laws) in the event of   the commencement of a case by or against a Party under the Bankruptcy Laws.  In  particular, it is   the intention and understanding of the Parties to this Agreement that the rights granted to the   Parties under this Section 15.6 are essential to the Parties  respective businesses and the   Parties acknowledge that damages are not an adequate   remedy. 
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement     shall     govern     the     handling     of     termination     for     insolvency     with     respect     to     the     activities that     are     the     subject     of     such     license     agreement     (which     shall     be     on     the     basis     of     this     Section     15.6) and     any     termination     of     this     Agreement     shall     not     affect     the     existence     of     such     Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

(a)   Effects of Termination of Agreement in its     Entirety  
   
 (i)   In the event of a termination of this Agreement in its entirety     by Ultragenyx pursuant to Section 15.2 (Breach) and 15.6 (Insolvency), Ultragenyx may elect     either of     the     following     options     (A)     or     (B)     by     providing     written     notice     of     its     election     with     its     notice     of termination:  
   
   (A)   to effectuate actual termination of this Agreement in its     entirety, in which case the following shall     apply:  
   
 (I)   all rights and licenses granted to     Ultragenyx hereunder shall terminate immediately;  
   
 (II)   all rights and licenses granted by     Ultragenyx hereunder     shall     terminate     immediately     other     than     the     Takeda     [***]     License,     which     license     shall become     non-exclusive     under     any     intellectual     property     not     assigned     to     Takeda     pursuant     to     the remainder of this Section 15.7(a)(i)(A), and which license shall apply to the Licensed     [***] Compound, Licensed Analog Compounds, Licensed Products and Research     Products;  
   
   (III)   Ultragenyx, as soon as reasonably practical after     the effective     date     of     such     termination,     shall     provide     to     Takeda,     as     applicable     and     to     the     extent permitted under any applicable Third Party contract, (1) any Information, including copies of     all Clinical Trial data and results, and the like developed by or for the benefit of Ultragenyx     relating to a Licensed Product or Research Product, and (2) other documents to the extent relating to     the Licensed [***] Compounds, Licensed Analog Compounds, [***] Compounds, Candidate     Products, Licensed Products or Research Products that are necessary for their Exploitation.      Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer of such Information and documents at     Takeda s expense.     At     Takeda s     request,     Ultragenyx     shall     assign     to     Takeda     any     and     all     agreements     to which Ultragenyx, or its Affiliate, and a Third Party are parties, and that govern the     Exploitation  
 81 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

activities   conducted   in   connection   with   such   Compounds   or   Products   prior   to   such   termination, or,   if   such   assignment   is   not   permitted   under   the   relevant   agreement:   (i)   grant   to   Takeda   other rights   to   provide   to   Takeda   the   benefit   of   such   non-assignable   agreement,   at   Takeda s   expense, to the extent permitted under the terms of such non-assignable agreement; or (ii) to the extent   not permitted   under   the   terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement,   the   Parties   shall   discuss   in   good faith   an   alternative   solution   to   enable   Takeda   to   receive,   at   Takeda s   expense,   the   benefit   of   the terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement.   In   addition   to   the   actions   contemplated   in   this   Section 15.7(a)(i)(A)(III),   Ultragenyx   shall   take   such   other   actions   and   execute   such   other   instruments, assignments   and   documents,   at   Takeda s   expense,   as   may   be   necessary   to   effect   the   transfer   of rights to such Compound(s) and Product(s) hereunder to   Takeda; 
   
 (IV)   Ultragenyx shall, at Takeda s expense, transfer     to Takeda any and all Regulatory Documentation related to a Licensed Product or     Research Product,     including     any     Product     INDs     and     Product     Regulatory     Approvals     and,     upon     Takeda s request, shall make available to Takeda any other relevant information reasonably related to     such Regulatory Documentation;     and  
   
 (V)   effective on the date of termination, Ultragenyx,     for itself     and     on     behalf     of     its     Affiliates,     hereby     assigns     (and     to     the     extent     such     assignment     can     only be made in the future hereby agrees to assign) to Takeda all right, title and interest in and to     any Licensed Product Improvements, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, Option     Product Improvements, and Option Product Improvement Patents, in each case where Controlled     by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates. Ultragenyx will, at Takeda s expense, execute and     record assignments and other necessary documents consistent with such change in ownership;     or  
   
   (B)   in lieu of actual termination under (A) above, Ultragenyx     may elect that all rights and licenses granted to Ultragenyx hereunder shall continue under     this Agreement     and     any     milestone     or     royalty     payments     that     become     due     to     Takeda     by     Ultragenyx with     respect     to     Licensed     Product     after     such     termination     shall be     [***] and paid to Takeda in accordance with the payment provisions of this Agreement. This     Section 15.7(a)(i)(B) may only be exercised     once.  
   
 (ii)   In     the     event     of     a     termination     of     this     Agreement     in     its     entirety     by     Takeda pursuant to Section 15.2 (Breach) or 15.6 (Insolvency), Takeda may elect either of the     following options (A) or (B) by providing written notice of its election with its notice of     termination:  
   
   (A)   to effectuate actual termination of this Agreement in its     entirety, in which case the following shall     apply:  
   
 (I)   all rights and licenses granted to Takeda     hereunder shall     terminate     immediately,     other     than     the     Takeda     [***]     License,     which     license     shall     become non-exclusive     under     any     intellectual     property     not     assigned     to     Takeda     pursuant     to     the     remainder of     this     Section     15.7(a)(ii)(A),     and     which     licenses     shall     apply     to     the     Licensed     [***]     Compound, Licensed Analog Compounds, Licensed Products and Research     Products;  

(II)   
 
  all     rights     and     licenses     granted     by     Takeda     hereunder     

 82 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

shall terminate   immediately; 
   
 (III)   if not already completed and provided,     Ultragenyx shall     complete     and     provide     a     report     of     the     Development     activities     for     the     Licensed     [***]     Product in     the     Takeda     Field     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan     in     accordance     with     Section 4.3(a);  
   
   (IV)   Ultragenyx, as soon as reasonably practical after     the effective     date     of     such     termination,     shall     provide     to     Takeda,     as     applicable     and     to     the     extent permitted under any applicable Third Party contract, (1) any Information, including copies of     all Clinical Trial data and results, and the like developed by or for the benefit of Ultragenyx     relating to a Licensed Product or Research Product, and (2) other documents to the extent relating to     the Licensed [***] Compounds, Licensed Analog Compounds, [***] Compounds, Candidate     Products, Licensed Products or Research Products that are necessary for their Exploitation.      Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer of such material Information and documents     at Ultragenyx s expense. At Takeda s request, Ultragenyx shall assign to Takeda any  and     all Patents     and     agreements     to     which     Ultragenyx,     or     its     Affiliate,     and     a     Third     Party     are     parties,     and that govern the Exploitation activities conducted in connection with such Compounds      or Products     prior     to     such     termination,     or,     if     such     assignment     is     not     permitted     under     the     relevant agreement: (i) grant to Takeda other rights to provide to Takeda the benefit of such     non- assignable     agreement,     at     Ultragenyx s     expense,     to     the     extent     permitted     under     the     terms     of     such non-assignable agreement; or (ii) to the extent not permitted under the terms of such     non- assignable     agreement,     the     Parties     shall     discuss     in     good     faith     an     alternative     solution     to     enable Takeda     to     receive,     at     Ultragenyx s     expense,     the     benefit     of     the     terms     of     such     non-assignable agreement. In addition to the actions contemplated in this Section 15.7(a)(ii)(A)(IV),     Ultragenyx shall take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments and documents,     at Ultragenyx s     expense,     as     may     be     necessary     to     effect     the     transfer     of     rights     to     such     Compound(s) and Product(s) hereunder to Takeda;  
   
 (V)   Ultragenyx shall, at its expense, transfer  to     Takeda any and all Regulatory Documentation related to a Licensed Product or Research     Product, including any Product INDs and Product Regulatory Approvals and, upon  Takeda s     request, shall make available to Takeda any other relevant information reasonably related to     such Regulatory Documentation;     and  
   
 (VI)   effective on the date of termination, Ultragenyx,     for itself     and     on     behalf     of     its     Affiliates,     hereby     assigns     (and     to     the     extent     such     assignment     can     only be made in the future hereby agrees to assign) to Takeda all right, title and interest in and to     any Licensed Product Improvements, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, Option     Product Improvements, and Option Product Improvement Patents, in each case where Controlled     by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates. Ultragenyx will, at its expense, execute and record assignments     and other necessary documents consistent with such change in ownership;     or  
   
   (B)   in lieu of actual termination under (A) above, Takeda may     elect that all rights and licenses granted to Takeda hereunder shall continue under this Agreement     and any     milestones     or     royalty     payments     that     become     due     to     Ultragenyx     by     Takeda     with     respect     to  
 83 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

any Exercised Product after such termination shall be reduced by fifty percent (50%) and paid   to Ultragenyx in accordance with the payment provisions of this Agreement. This   Section 15.7(a)(ii)(B) may only be exercised   once. 
   
 (iii)   For clarity, an Exercised Product License Agreement or an Option     Product License Agreement shall include termination provisions similar to this Section 15.7(a) and     shall otherwise govern the effects of termination of such agreement in its     entirety.  
   
 (b)   Effects of Termination of a Compound or Product for Safety Reasons.   In     the event     of     a     termination     of     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     a     particular     Compound     or     Product pursuant to Section 15.3 (for the avoidance of doubt, not a Terminated Product)     then:  
   
 (i)   all     license     rights     received     by     the     terminating     Party     and     all     obligations     of the terminating Party with respect to the terminated Compound or Product shall cease and,     with respect to the terminating Party only, this Agreement shall automatically be deemed to     be amended     to     exclude     such     rights     and     obligations     of     the     terminating     Party     with     respect     to     the terminated     Compound     or     Product     but     shall     otherwise     survive     and     continue     in     effect     for     the remaining Compounds and Products;     and  
   
 (ii)   the non-terminating Party shall continue to have all rights and     obligations under this Agreement with respect to the terminated Compound or Product (including     the obligation to make royalty, milestone and other payments to the terminating Party) unless it     also elects to terminate the particular Compound or Product pursuant to Section     15.3.  
   
   (c)   Effects of Termination with Respect to a Terminated Product.   In the event     of termination     of     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     a     Terminated     Product     (but     not     in     the     case     of     any termination of this Agreement in its entirety)     then:  
   
 (i)   all rights and licenses granted hereunder by either Party      shall automatically     be     deemed     to     be     amended     to     exclude     the     Terminated     Product     but     shall     otherwise survive and continue in effect for the remaining Compounds and     Products;  
   
 (ii)   in the case of termination for convenience pursuant to Section 15.4, if     an Option Negotiation Period or Takeda Option Negotiation Period is then ongoing, the Term     with respect     to     such     Option     Product     or     Exercised     Product,     as     applicable,     will     automatically     extend until the earlier of (A) expiration of such Option Negotiation Period or Takeda     Option Negotiation     Period,     as     applicable,     or     (B)     execution     of     the     applicable     Option     Product     License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement;  
   
 (iii)   if the Terminated Product is a Licensed Product, if not already     completed and     provided,     Ultragenyx     shall     complete     and     provide     a     report     of     the     Development     activities     for the Licensed [***] Product in the Takeda Field as set forth in the Initial [***] Development Plan     in accordance with Section     4.3(a);  
   
   (iv)   Ultragenyx, as soon as reasonably practical after the effective date of     such termination, shall provide to Takeda, as applicable and to the extent permitted under     any  
 84 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

applicable   Third   Party   contract,   (A)   any   Information,   including   copies   of   all   Clinical   Trial   data and   results,   and   the   like   developed   by   or   for   the   benefit   of   Ultragenyx   relating   to   a   Terminated Product,   and   (B)   other   documents   to   the   extent   relating   to   the   Terminated   Products   that   are necessary for their Exploitation. Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer   of such material Information and documents. Ultragenyx shall assign to Takeda any and all   Patents and   agreements   to   which   Ultragenyx,   or   its   Affiliate,   and   a   Third   Party   are   parties,   and   that govern the Exploitation activities conducted in connection with a Terminated Product prior   to such termination, or, if such assignment is not permitted under the relevant agreement: (1)   grant to Takeda other rights to provide to Takeda the benefit of such non-assignable agreement to   the extent   permitted   under   the   terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement;   or   (2)   to   the   extent   not permitted   under   the   terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement,   the   Parties   shall   discuss   in   good faith an alternative solution to enable Takeda to receive the benefit of the terms of such   non- assignable agreement. In addition to the actions contemplated in this Section 15.7(c)(iv), Ultragenyx shall take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments   and documents   as   may   be   necessary   to   effect   the   transfer   of   rights   to   such   Terminated   Products hereunder to Takeda.  Each Party shall bear its own expenses under this Section   15.7(c)(iv); 
   
 (v)   Ultragenyx shall transfer to Takeda any and all Regulatory     Documentation directly     and     solely     related     to     a     Terminated     Product,     including     any     Product     INDs     and     Product Regulatory     Approvals     and,     upon     Takeda s     request,     shall     make     available     to     Takeda     any     other relevant information reasonably related to such Regulatory     Documentation;  
   
 (vi)   effective on the date of termination, Ultragenyx, for itself and on behalf     of its     Affiliates,     hereby     assigns     (and     to     the     extent     such     assignment     can     only     be     made     in     the     future hereby     agrees     to     assign)     to     Takeda     all     right,     title     and     interest     in     and     to     any     Licensed     Product Improvements, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, Option Product Improvements,     and Option     Product     Improvement     Patents     to     the     extent     the     foregoing     Cover     a     Terminated     Product and are Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates. Ultragenyx will execute and     record assignments and other necessary documents consistent with such change in ownership;     and  
   
 (vii)   Takeda     shall     have     the     right     to     assume     all     prosecution,     maintenance,     and enforcement     activities     with     respect     to     Patents     under     this     Agreement     Covering     the     Terminated Products. Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda and provide Takeda with reasonable     assistance and     cooperation     with     the     prosecution,     maintenance,     and     enforcement     activities     with     respect     to such     Patents.  
   
 (d)   Effect of Termination on Ultragenyx s Put Rights under the Common     Stock Purchase Agreement  . Immediately upon (i) written notice of termination of this Agreement     in its     entirety     pursuant     to     Section     15.2,     or     15.6,     (ii)     written     notice     of     termination     of     a     Licensed Product     or     Research     Product     pursuant     to     Section     15.2,     15.3,     15.4,     15.5,     18.5     or     (iii)     upon     the Ultragenyx     [***]     License     terminating     pursuant     to     Section     4.3(f),     Ultragenyx s     rights     under     the Common     Stock     Purchase     Agreement     to     require     the     purchase     of     the     Second     Tranche     Shares     and Third     Tranche     Shares     (as     such     terms     are     defined     in     the     Common     Stock     Purchase     Agreement) shall be suspended and such rights shall automatically terminate on the effective date of     such termination, provided, however, there shall be no suspension or termination of such     Ultragenyx  
   
 85 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

rights   under   the   Common   Stock   Purchase   Agreement   to   the   extent   Ultragenyx   terminates   the Agreement,   a   Licensed   Product   or   Research   Product   pursuant   to   Section   15.2.   Where   written notice   of   termination   pursuant   to   Section   15.2   is   provided   by   Takeda,   and   Ultragenyx   cures   all material breaches during the Cure Period, the suspension shall be removed on the effective   date of such   cure. 

(a)   Expiration of Collaboration Term.   Upon expiration of the Collaboration     Term for a given Research     Product:  
   
 (i)   All rights to such Research Product shall revert to Takeda except for     those rights, if any, granted to Ultragenyx under an Option Product License     Agreement;  
   
   (ii)   As soon as reasonably practical after the effective date of expiration of     the Collaboration     Term     for     a     given     Research     Product,     Ultragenyx     shall,     except     where     otherwise provided     under     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement,     provide     to     Takeda,     as     applicable     and     to the     extent     permitted     under     any     applicable     Third     Party     contract     (1)     any     Information,     including copies     of     all     Clinical     Trial     data     and     results,     and     the     like     developed     by     or     for     the     benefit     of Ultragenyx     relating     to     such     Research     Product     and     (2)     other     documents     to     the     extent     relating     to such Research Product that are necessary for their continued Exploitation. Ultragenyx     will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer of such material Information and documents.     At Takeda s request, Ultragenyx shall assign to Takeda any and all Patents and agreements to     which Ultragenyx,     or     its     Affiliate,     and     a     Third     Party     are     parties,     and     that     govern     the     Exploitation activities conducted in connection with such Research Product prior to such expiration, or if     such assignment is not permitted under the relevant agreement: (i) grant to Takeda other rights     to provide to Takeda the benefit of such non-assignable agreement to the extent permitted under     the terms     of     such     non-assignable     agreement;     or     (ii)     to     the     extent     not     permitted     under     the     terms     of such     non-assignable     agreement,     the     Parties     shall     discuss     in     good     faith     an     alternative     solution     to enable Takeda to receive the benefit of the terms of such non-assignable agreement. In      addition to     the     actions     contemplated     in     this     Section     15.8(a)(ii),     Ultragenyx     shall     take     such     other     actions and     execute     such     other     instruments,     assignments     and     documents     as     may     be     necessary     to     effect the     transfer     of     rights     to     such     Product     to     Takeda.     Each     Party     shall     bear     its     own     expenses     under this Section     15.8(a)(ii);  
   
 (iii)   Ultragenyx shall transfer to Takeda any and all Regulatory     Documentation directly     and     solely     related     to     such     Research     Product,     including     any     Product     INDs     and     Product Regulatory     Approvals     and,     upon     Takeda s     request,     shall     make     available     to     Takeda     any     other relevant information reasonably related to such Regulatory Documentation;     and  
   
 (iv)   Takeda     shall     have     the     right     to     assume     all     prosecution,     maintenance,     and enforcement     activities     with     respect     to     Patents     under     this     Agreement     Covering     such     Research Product. Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda and provide Takeda with reasonable     assistance and     cooperation     with     the     prosecution,     maintenance,     and     enforcement     activities     with     respect     to such     Patents.  
   
 86 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Expiration of Licensed Product Royalty Term.   Upon the expiration of     the Licensed     Product     Royalty     Term     for     each     Licensed     Product     in     each     country     in     the     Territory, Ultragenyx shall have a non-exclusive, fully-paid up and irrevocable license under the     Licensed [***]     Technology     with     respect     to     such     Licensed     Product     in     such     country     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field for Licensed     Products.  
   
 (c)   Expiration of Exercised Product License Agreement and Option     Product License Agreement  . Each Exercised Product License Agreement and Option Product     License Agreement shall provide that, upon expiration of the applicable royalty term, Takeda shall have     a non-exclusive,     fully-paid     up     and     irrevocable     license     with     respect     to     the     Exercised     Products     and Licensed Option Products,     respectively.  
   
   15.9   Remedies.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except     as otherwise     set     forth     in     this     Agreement,     termination     or     expiration     of     this     Agreement     shall     not relieve     the     Parties     of     any     liability     or     obligation     which     accrued     hereunder     prior     to     the     effective date of such termination or expiration, nor prejudice either Party s right to obtain performance     of any obligation. Each Party shall be free, pursuant to ARTICLE 16, to seek, without restriction     as to     the     number     of     times     it     may     seek,     damages,     costs     and     remedies     that     may     be     available     to     it under Applicable Laws or in equity and shall be entitled to offset the amount of any damages     and costs     obtained     against     the     other     Party     in     a     final     determination     under     Section     16.4,     against     any amounts otherwise due to such other Party under this     Agreement.  
   
   15.10   Survival  .     The     following     provisions     shall     survive     any     expiration     or     termination     of     this Agreement     for     the     period     of     time     specified     therein     (or,     if     no     such     period     is     specified, indefinitely): ARTICLE 1 (Definitions); ARTICLE 16 (Dispute Resolution); and ARTICLE 17 (Indemnification); and Sections 4.5 (Records; Disclosure of Data and Results), 6.6(b) (Research Materials Transfer), 11.9, 11.10, 11.11, 11.12, 11.13 (Payment, Taxes, Audit); 12.1     (Ownership of     Inventions);     14.1,     14.2,     14.3,     14.4,     14.5,     14.6,     14.7,     14.8     (Confidentiality);     15.7,     15.8,     15.9, 15.10 (Termination); 18.3, 18.7, 18.8, 18.9, 18.10, 18.14, 18.15, 18.16, and     18.17 (Miscellaneous).  
   
       ARTICLE 16      DISPUTE   RESOLUTION 
   
   16.1   Exclusive     Dispute     Resolution     Mechanism.     Except     for     disputes     for     which     a     Party     has final     decision     making     authority     under     this     Agreement,     including     Sections     2.1(b)(ii),     2.2(c)(ii) and 12.4, the Parties agree that the procedures set forth in this ARTICLE 16 shall  be     the exclusive     mechanism     for     resolving     any     dispute,     controversy,     or     claim     between     the     Parties     that may arise from time to time pursuant to this Agreement relating to either Party s rights     or obligations     hereunder     (each,     a        Dispute   ,     and     collectively,     the        Disputes   )     that     is     not     resolved through good faith negotiation between the     Parties.  
   
   16.2   Resolution by Executive Officers.   In   the event of any Dispute, the Parties shall     first attempt in good faith to resolve such Dispute by negotiation and consultation     between themselves.     In     the     event     that     such     Dispute     is     not     resolved     on     an     informal     basis     within     ten     (10) Business     Days     after     receipt     of     writing     notice     of     such     Dispute     by     a     Party,     either     Party     may,     by written     notice     to     the     other     Party,     refer     the     Dispute     to     the     Senior     Officers     of     the     other     Party     for  
 87 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

attempted resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty (30) days after such notice   is received. Except where exclusive decision-making authority rests with a Party under   this Agreement (including Sections 2.1(b)(ii), 2.2(c)(ii) and 12.4), each Party may, in its   sole discretion,   seek   resolution   of   any   and   all   Disputes   that   are   not   resolved   under   this   Section   16.2 using (a) arbitration pursuant Section 16.3 where arbitration pursuant to Section 16.3   is specifically provided for in this Agreement or (b) otherwise, pursuant to Section   16.4. 
   
   16.3   Baseball Arbitration.   Any Dispute for which arbitration pursuant to this Section 16.3     is specifically     provided     for     in     this     Agreement     shall     be     finally     decided     by     expedited     arbitration     in accordance with the following abbreviated dispute resolution     procedures:  
   
   (a)   If     the     Dispute     is     not     resolved     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     referral     to     the     Party s respective     Senior     Officers     pursuant     to     Section     16.2,     either     Party     may     send     the     other     Party     a written     notice     that     it     wishes     to     resolve     the     Dispute     by     using     a     neutral     Third     Party     who     is     an Expert with at least fifteen (15) years of experience in area of the Dispute (the    Neutral     Expert   ). The date of the other Party s receipt of such written notices shall be the    Notice     Date  .   
   
   (b)   Within fifteen (15) Business Days of the Notice Date, each Party shall notify     the other Party in writing of its appointed Expert (each, a    Representative Expert   ).     The Representative Experts for each Party shall jointly appoint the Neutral Expert within fifteen     (15) Business     Days.  
   
 (c)   Within ten (10) Business Days after the appointment of the Neutral Expert,     each Party     shall     submit     to     the     other     Party     and     the     Neutral     Expert     a     written     summary     regarding     its position with respect to the Dispute. Contemporaneously with the submission of its     written summary     regarding     its     position,     each     Party     shall     provide     the     other     Party     and     the     Neutral     Expert with copies of all documents it relied upon in its written summary; provided that each Party     may redact any portion of such documents which are covered by an applicable privilege or do     not relate     to     the     subject     matter     of     this     Agreement.     Within     three     (3)     Business     Days     of     receipt     of     the other Party's written summary regarding its position, each Party may submit an     opposition statement of no more than five (5) pages in length (excluding exhibits and declarations).     Neither Party     will     be     allowed     to     conduct     any     discovery.     Neither     Party     may     have     any     communications (either written or oral) with the other Party s Representative Experts or the Neutral Expert     other than     for     the     sole     purpose     of     engaging     the     expert     panel     or     as     expressly     permitted     in     this     Section 16.3; provided, that oral presentations and follow-up written submissions may be made to     the Neutral Expert at such Neutral Expert's request. The Neutral Expert may consult in writing     with the     Representative     Experts     regarding     the     submissions     made     by     either     Party;     provided     that     both Representative     Experts     are     aware     of     such     consultation     and     provided     an     opportunity     to     respond. Evaluating     each     Party s     written     submissions,     the     Neutral     Expert     shall,     within     ten     (10)     Business Days of receipt of the written opposition statement, select in total, either Takeda's submission     or Ultragenyx s submission. Such decision shall be final, binding and not     appealable.  
   
 (d)   The     Party     whose     submission     is     not     selected     shall     be     solely     responsible     for     the expenses     and     fees     of     the     Neutral     Expert     and     the     reasonable     costs     and     fees     of     the     other     Party s Representative     Expert.  
   
 88 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

16.4   Litigation.     Any     unresolved     Dispute     that     was     subject     to     Section     16.2,     shall     be     brought exclusively     in     a     court     of     competent     jurisdiction,     federal     or     state,     located     in     New     York,     New York, and in no other jurisdiction. Each Party hereby consents to personal jurisdiction and     venue in, and agrees to service of process issued or authorized by, such     court.  
   
 16.5   Preliminary Injunctions.   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,     a Party may seek a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction from any court     of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent immediate and irreparable injury, loss, or damage on     a provisional basis, pending the decision of the arbitrator(s) on the ultimate merits of any     Dispute.  
   
 16.6   Patent and Trademark Disputes.   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to     the contrary, any and all issues regarding the scope, construction, validity, and enforceability of     any Patent or trademark relating to a Product that is the subject of this Agreement shall      be determined     in     a     court     or     other     tribunal,     as     the     case     may     be,     of     competent     jurisdiction     under     the applicable patent or trademark laws of the country in which such Patent or trademark rights     were granted or     arose.  
   
 16.7   Confidentiality.   Any and all activities conducted under ARTICLE 16, including any     and all     proceedings     and     decisions     under     Section     16.4,     shall     be     deemed     Confidential     Information     of each of the Parties, and shall be subject to ARTICLE     14.  
   
 16.8   WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL  . In connection with the Parties  rights     under Section     16.4,     EACH     PARTY,     TO     THE     EXTENT     PERMITTED     BY     APPLICABLE     LAWS, KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO     A TRIAL BY JURY   IN   ANY ACTION OR OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT     OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS     IT   CONTEMPLATES. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO ANY ACTION OR      LEGAL PROCEEDING, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR     OTHERWISE.  
   
       ARTICLE 17        INDEMNIFICATION 
   
   17.1   Indemnification by Ultragenyx.   Ultragenyx hereby agrees to defend, indemnify     and hold harmless Takeda and its Affiliates, and each of their respective directors,     officers, employees, agents and representatives (each, a      Takeda Indemnitee   ) from and against any     and all claims, suits, actions, demands, liabilities, expenses and/or loss, including reasonable     legal expense     and     attorneys      fees     (collectively,     the        Losses   ),     to     which     any     Takeda     Indemnitee     may become subject as a result of any claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any Third     Party (each,     a        Claim   )     to     the     extent     such     Losses     arise     directly     or     indirectly     out     of:     (i)     the     practice     by Ultragenyx or its Affiliate of any license granted to it under ARTICLE 3; (ii) the Exploitation     of a Compound or a Product by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates or its sublicensees on or after      the Effective Date, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Product Liabilities arising from the     use of     a     Product     in     the     Licensed     Field     in     the     Territory     on     or     after     the     Effective     Date     and     any     Losses that may arise due to Ultragenyx, its Affiliates or its sublicensees continuing to Exploit     a Compound or Product in its territory or field that is the subject matter of a termination by     Takeda pursuant to Section 15.3; (iii) the Exploitation of any Ultragenyx Pipeline  Product     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates or its licensees before the Effective Date, including, for the     avoidance  
 89 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

of   doubt,   any   Product   Liabilities   arising   from   the   use   of   a   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product;   (iv)   the breach by Ultragenyx of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Ultragenyx in this Agreement; (v) the negligence, gross negligence or willful   misconduct (including   to   the   extent   such   negligence,   gross   negligence   or   willful   misconduct   gives   rise   to Product   Liabilities   under   any   legal   theory)   of   Ultragenyx,   its   Affiliate   or   its   sublicensee,   or   any officer, director, employee, agent or representative thereof; except, with respect to each   of subsections   (i)   through   (v)   above,   to   the   extent   such   Losses   arise   directly   or   indirectly   from   the negligence,   gross   negligence   or   willful   misconduct   of   any   Takeda   Indemnitee   or   the   breach    by  Takeda of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Takeda in   this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Exercised   Product License Agreement or Option Product License Agreement, the terms of such license   agreement shall   govern   the   indemnification   terms   with   respect   to   such   Product(s)   that   are   the   subject   of such license   agreement. 
   
   17.2   Indemnification by Takeda.   Takeda hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and     hold harmless Ultragenyx and its Affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers,     employees, agents and representatives (each, an      Ultragenyx Indemnitee   ) from and against any and     all Losses to which any Ultragenyx Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any Claim to     the extent such Losses arise directly or indirectly out of: (i) the practice by Takeda or its Affiliate     of any     license     granted     to     it     under     ARTICLE     3;     (ii)     the     Exploitation     of     a     Product     by     Takeda,     its Affiliates or its sublicensees on or after the Effective Date, including, for the avoidance of     doubt, any     Product     Liabilities     arising     from     the     use     on     or     after     the     Effective     Date     of     a     Licensed     [***] Product     in     the     Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory     and     any     Losses     that     may     arise     due     to     Takeda,     its Affiliates or its sublicensees continuing to Exploit a Compound or Product in its territory or     field that     is     the     subject     matter     of     a     termination     by     Ultragenyx     pursuant     to     Section     15.3;     (iii)     the Exploitation     of     any     Licensed     [***]     Product,     [***]     Product     or     Candidate     Product     by     Takeda,     its Affiliates     or     its     licensees     before     the     Effective     Date,     including,     for     the     avoidance     of     doubt,     any Product Liabilities arising from the use of a Licensed [***] Product, [***] Product or     Candidate Product     by     Takeda,     its     Affiliates     or     its     licensees     before     the     Effective     Date,     (iv)     the     breach     by Takeda of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Takeda in     this Agreement;     (iv)     the     negligence,     gross     negligence     or     willful     misconduct     (including     to     the     extent such     negligence,     gross     negligence     or     willful     misconduct     gives     rise     to     product     liability     Claims under     any     legal     theory)     of     Takeda     or     its     Affiliate     or     its     licensee     (other     than     Ultragenyx     or     its Affiliate or sublicensee), or any officer, director, employee, agent or representative     thereof; except, with respect to each of subsections (i) through (iv) above, to the extent such Losses     arise directly or indirectly from the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of     any Ultragenyx Indemnitee or the breach by Ultragenyx of any warranty, representation, covenant     or agreement made by Ultragenyx in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following     the execution of an Exercised Product License Agreement or Option Product  License     Agreement, the terms of such license agreement shall govern the indemnification terms with respect to     such Product(s) that are the subject of such license     agreement.  

90 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   Notice.   Promptly after a Takeda Indemnitee or an Ultragenyx Indemnitee     (each, an        Indemnitee   )     receives     notice     of     a     pending     or     threatened     Claim,     such     Indemnitee     shall     give written notice of the Claim to the Party from whom the Indemnitee is entitled to     receive indemnification     pursuant     to     Sections     17.1     or     17.2,     as     applicable     (the        Indemnifying     Party   ). However, an Indemnitee s delay in providing or failure to provide such notice will not relieve     the Indemnifying     Party     of     its     indemnification     obligations,     except     to     the     extent     it     can     demonstrate prejudice due to the delay or lack of     notice.  
   
 (b)   Defense.   Upon receipt of notice under Section 17.3(a) from the Indemnitee,     the Indemnifying Party will have the duty to either compromise or defend, at its own expense and     by counsel (reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee), such Claim. The Indemnifying Party     will promptly (and in any event not more than twenty (20) days after receipt of the     Indemnitee s original notice) notify the Indemnitee in writing that it acknowledges its obligation to     indemnify the Indemnitee with respect to the Claim pursuant to this ARTICLE 17 and of its intention     either to     compromise     or     defend     such     Claim.     Once     the     Indemnifying     Party     gives     such     notice     to     the Indemnitee, the Indemnifying Party is not liable to the Indemnitee for the fees of other counsel     or any     other     expenses     subsequently     incurred     by     the     Indemnitee     in     connection     with     such     defense, other     than     the     Indemnitee s     reasonable     costs     of     investigation     and     cooperation.     However,     the Indemnitee will have the right to employ separate counsel and to control the defense of a     Claim at its own     expense.  
   
 (c)   Cooperation.   The Indemnitee will cooperate fully with the Indemnifying     Party and     its     legal     representatives     in     the     investigation     and     defense     of     any     Claim.     The     Indemnifying Party will keep the Indemnitee informed on a reasonable and timely basis as to the status of     such Claim     (to     the     extent     the     Indemnitee     is     not     participating     in     the     defense     of     such     Claim)     and conduct the defense of such Claim in a prudent     manner.  
   
 (d)   Settlement.   If an Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of a Claim,     no compromise or settlement of such Claim may be effected by the Indemnifying Party without     the Indemnitee s     written     consent     (which     consent     will     not     be     unreasonably     withheld,     conditioned     or delayed),     unless:     (i)     there     is     no     finding     or     admission     of     any     violation     of     law     or     any     violation     of the rights of any person and no effect on any other claims that may be made against     the Indemnitee; (ii) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by     the Indemnifying Party; and (iii) the Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement are not     adversely affected. If the Indemnifying Party fails to assume defense of a Claim within a reasonable     time, the Indemnitee may settle such Claim on such terms as it deems appropriate with the consent     of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned     or delayed), and the Indemnifying Party will be obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee for     such settlement as provided in this ARTICLE     17.  
   
 17.4   Insurance.   Each Party shall, at its own expense, procure and maintain during the     Term and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, insurance policy/policies, including product     liability insurance,     adequate     to     cover     its     obligations     hereunder     and     which     are     consistent     with     normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated. Such insurance shall not      be construed     to     create     a     limit     of     a     Party s     liability     with     respect     to     its     indemnification     obligations  
   
 91 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

under this ARTICLE 17. Each Party shall provide the other Party with written evidence of   such insurance or self-insurance upon request. Each Party shall provide the other Party with   prompt written notice of cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance or   self- insurance that could materially adversely affect the rights of such other Party hereunder,   and shall   provide   such   notice   within   thirty   (30)   days   after   any   such   cancellation,   non-renewal   or material   change. 
   
 17.5   Limitation of Liability.   EXCEPT FOR A PARTY S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH     IN THIS     ARTICLE     17,     AND     ANY     BREACH     OF     ARTICLE     14     (CONFIDENTIALITY)  ,     IN     NO EVENT     WILL     EITHER     PARTY     BE     LIABLE     TO     THE     OTHER     PARTY     (OR     THE     OTHER PARTY S AFFILIATES OR SUBLICENSEES)   IN   CONNECTION WITH     THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF     USE, DAMAGE TO GOODWILL, OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL,     SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES UNDER ANY     THEORY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN IF     THAT PARTY HAS BEEN PLACED ON NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH     DAMAGES.  
   
     ARTICLE 18        MISCELLANEOUS 
   
   18.1   HSR Act.  
   
 (a)   Each of Ultragenyx and Takeda shall, within ten (10) Business Days     after Execution Date, file with the United States Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of     the     United     States     Department     of     Justice,     any     HSR     Filing     required     of     it     under     the     HSR     Act with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, which forms shall specifically request     early termination of the initial HSR Act waiting period. The Parties will cooperate with one another     to the     extent     necessary     in     the     preparation     of     any     such     HSR     Filing.     The     Parties     hereto     commit     to instruct their respective counsel to cooperate with each other and use good faith, diligent     efforts to     facilitate     and     expedite     the     identification     and     resolution     of     any     such     issues     and,     consequently, the     expiration     of     the     applicable     HSR     Act     waiting     period,     such     good     faith     diligent     efforts     to include counsel s undertaking: (i) to keep each other appropriately informed of     communications received     from     and     submitted     to     personnel     of     the     reviewing     antitrust     authority;     and     (ii)     to     confer with     each     other     regarding     appropriate     contacts     with     and     response     to     personnel     of     the     United States Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department     of Justice.     Each     Party     will     be     responsible     for     its     own     costs     and     expenses     and     Ultragenyx     will     be responsible     for     all     filing     fees     associated     with     any     HSR     Filing.     In     respect     of     any     HSR     Filing, each     of     Ultragenyx     and     Takeda     will     use     its     good     faith,     diligent     efforts     to     eliminate     any     concern on the part of any court or governmental authority regarding the legality of the     proposed transaction, including cooperating in good faith with any government investigation and     the prompt     production     of     documents,     information,     and     witnesses     requested     in     the     course     of     such     of any     such     investigation,     including     those     contained     in     a     Request     for     Additional     Information     and Documentary Materials (as that term is defined in the HSR Act), and to cause the Effective     Date of     this     Agreement     to     occur     as     soon     as     practical,     as     provided     in     Section     18.1(b).     Nothing     in     this Section shall require either Party to consent to the divestiture or other disposition of any of its     or its     Affiliates      assets     or     to     consent     to     any     other     structural     or     conduct     remedy,     and     each     Party     and  
   
 92 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

its Affiliates shall have no obligation to contest, administratively or in court, any ruling, order   or other   action   of   the   United   States   Federal   Trade   Commission   and   the   Antitrust   Division   of   the United States Department of Justice or any Third Party respecting the transactions   contemplated by this   Agreement. 
   
   (b)   Except for the specific provisions expressly identified in Section 18.1(c),     this Agreement     shall     not     be     effective     until     the     (i)     the     HSR     Conditions     are     met     and     (ii)     the     earlier     of  
 (A)   the   date   on   which   the   Tax   Conditions   are   met,   or   (B)   July   18,   2016,   at   which   time   this Agreement shall be effective automatically in its entirety (such date the   Effective     Date  ). 
   
   (c)   Notwithstanding Section 18.1(b) and anything in this Agreement to the     contrary, the     following     provisions     of     this     Agreement     shall     be     in     full     force     and     effect     as     of     the     Execution Date: Sections 14.5 (Publicity) and 14.6 (Securities Filings), ARTICLE 1 (Definitions)     and ARTICLE 18 (other than Sections 18.2, 18.5 and 18.6)     (Miscellaneous).  
   
 (d)   If the Effective Date has not occurred within one hundred eighty (180)     days following     the     Execution     Date,     or     such     date     as     the     Parties     may     mutually     agree,     this     Agreement may be terminated by either Party on written notice to the     other.  

18.2   
 
    Exports and Restrictions on     Competition  .     

(a)   Exports  .     Except     as     provided     in     this     Agreement,     each     Party     shall     not,     and     shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees not to, whether directly or indirectly through a Third     Party, export, distribute or     sell:  
   
 (i)   in the case of Ultragenyx, (A) Licensed [***] Products outside     the Ultragenyx Field or outside the Territory, (B) Licensed Analog Products outside the     Licensed Field or outside the Territory, (C) Research Products unless and until an Option Product     License Agreement is executed for such Products and then only in accordance with such Option     Product License     Agreement;     provided     further     that,     if     the     Takeda     Option     has     been     exercised     for     a     given Product Ultragenyx may not export, distribute or sell such Product in the Takeda     Territory.  

Territory. 

(ii)   

In the case of Takeda, Ultragenyx Pipeline Products outside of the     Takeda     

(b)   Non-Competition Obligations  .  Ultragenyx shall not, and shall cause     its Affiliates not to, whether directly or indirectly through a Third Party (including any     sublicensee), (i) develop a Competing Product in the Territory at any time prior to the [***] of the Effective Date or (ii) commercialize a Competing Product in the Territory at any time prior to the [***] of the First Commercial Sale of a Product. Ultragenyx shall not be in breach of this Section 18.2(b) by acquiring, merging or consolidating with a Third Party which develops or commercializes a Competing Product; provided, however, that in the event Ultragenyx acquires such Competing Product, it must, unless Takeda agrees to the contrary, within [***] of such acquisition, either divest such Competing Product to a Third Party, discontinue the development or commercialization of such Competing Product, or, if applicable, terminate  
   
 93 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Product that is the subject of competition   in accordance with Section   15.4. 
   
   18.3   Notice.     Any     notice,     request,     or     other     communication     permitted     or     required     under     this Agreement shall be in writing, shall refer specifically to this Agreement and shall be     hand delivered or sent by a recognized overnight delivery service, costs prepaid, or by facsimile     (with transmission     confirmed),     to     the     following     addresses     or     to     such     other     addresses     as     a     Party     may designate by written notice in accordance with this Section     18.3:  
   
 If to   Takeda: 
   
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company   Limited 1-1, Doshomachi   4-chome, 
 Chuo-ku, Osaka   540-8645 
 Attention: Head of Global Business   Development Facsimile: (+81)   3-3278-2323 
   
 Copy   to: 
   
 Takeda Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,   Inc. One Takeda   Parkway 
 Deerfield, IL   60015 
 Attention: General Counsel, Legal   Department Facsimile:   224-554-7831 
   
 If to   Ultragenyx: 
 Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical   Inc. 60 Leveroni   Court 
 Novato, CA   94949 
 Attention: Chief Business   Officer 
   
 Copy   to: 
 Cooley   LLP 
 3175 Hanover   Street Palo Alto, CA   94304 Attention: Glen   Sato Fax:   650-849-7400 
   
 18.4   Designation of Affiliates  . Each Party may discharge any obligations and exercise     any rights hereunder through delegation of its obligations or rights to any of its  Affiliates.      Each Party     hereby     guarantees     the     performance     by     its     Affiliates     of     such     Party s     obligations     under     this Agreement,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates     to     comply     with     the     provisions     of     this     Agreement     in connection     with     such     performance.     Any     breach     by     a     Party s     Affiliate     of     any     of     such     Party s obligations     under     this     Agreement     shall     be     deemed     a     breach     by     such     Party,     and     the     other     Party  

94 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

may   proceed   directly   against   such   Party   without   any   obligation   to   first   proceed   against   such Party s   Affiliate. 

18.5   
 
    Change of Control of     Ultragenyx  .     

(a)   Notice  . Ultragenyx (or its successor) shall provide notice to Takeda  of     any Change     of     Control     of     Ultragenyx     within     [***]     Business     Days     after     the     date     upon     which     the Ultragenyx Change of Control closes or otherwise becomes     effective.  
   
 (b)   Effects of Change of Control of Ultragenyx  .   In   the event of a  Change     of Control of Ultragenyx, the following shall     apply:  
   
 (i)   The   Takeda Option Term   applicable     in     the     event     of     a     Change     of     Control of Ultragenyx shall     apply.  
   
   (ii)   On     or     before     the     date     that     is     one hundred eighty (180) days after the date upon which a Change of Control of Ultragenyx closes or otherwise becomes effective, Takeda may take or require that Ultragenyx, or its successor, take or perform, as applicable, any one or more of the following actions: (A) Ultragenyx and its successor shall adopt reasonable written procedures, approved by Takeda, to prevent disclosure of Takeda s Confidential Information, (B) the definition of Licensed Analog Compounds shall be amended to be limited to those Compounds listed on   Exhibit   1.99 as of the effective date of the Ultragenyx Change of Control, provided that if Ultragenyx has paid costs in connection with the Development of a Licensed Analog Compound, such Licensed Analog Compound shall be listed on   Exhibit   1.99, as amended, (C) Section 5.1 shall be amended to require Takeda s written consent in order for Ultragenyx and its successor to exercise its rights to co-Commercialize and Co-Develop thereunder to the extent Ultragenyx has not previously exercised such right(s), and (D) Takeda may terminate, in its sole discretion, one or more of the ongoing Validation Research Plans and Research Plans, in which case any associated licenses to Ultragenyx and its successor under Section 6.5 shall terminate, and any Research Products designated by Takeda shall be deemed Terminated Products; provided that to the extent that Ultragenyx has paid costs in connection with the Development of a Research Product on or before such date, such Validation Research Plan or Research Plan, as applicable, and associated licenses to Ultragenyx or its successor shall continue in full force and effect and such Research Products shall not be deemed Terminated Products under this Section 18.5(b)(ii). For clarity, termination pursuant to this Section 18.5(b)(ii) shall not terminate the Collaboration Term for any purposes under this Agreement other than the foregoing clause (D).  
   
   18.6   Force Majeure.   Both Parties shall be excused from the performance of their     obligations under this Agreement to the extent that such performance is prevented by Force Majeure and     the nonperforming Party promptly provides notice of the prevention to the other Party. Such     excuse shall be continued so long as the condition constituting Force Majeure continues and     the nonperforming Party takes reasonable efforts to remove the condition. Notwithstanding     the foregoing,     a     Party     shall     not     be     excused     from     making     payments     owed     hereunder     because     of     a Force Majeure affecting such Party. If a Force Majeure persists for more than ninety (90)     days,  
   
 95 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

then   the   Parties   will   discuss   in   good   faith   the   modification   of   the   Parties    obligations   under   this Agreement in order to mitigate the delays caused by such Force   Majeure. 
   
   18.7   Assignment.   Prior to the Effective Date, neither Party may assign or transfer     this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the     other. On or after the Effective Date, neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any     rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other; provided that no     such consent     is     required     for     (a)     assignment     to     Affiliates     or     (b)     in     connection     with     the     sale     of     all     or substantially all of the assets to which this Agreement relates, whether in a merger, sale of     stock, sale of assets or any other transaction (subject, in the case of Ultragenyx, to Section 18.5).     Any successor     or     assignee     of     rights     and/or     obligations     permitted     hereunder     shall,     in     writing     to     the other     Party,     expressly     assume     performance     of     such     rights     and/or     obligations.     Any     permitted assignment shall be binding on the successors of the assigning Party. Any assignment     or attempted     assignment     by     either     Party     in     violation     of     the     terms     of     this     Section     shall     be     null,     void and of no legal     effect.  
   
   18.8   Severability.   If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be     invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is     taken, the     provision     shall     be     considered     severed     from     this     Agreement     and     shall     not     serve     to     invalidate any remaining provisions hereof. The Parties shall make a good faith effort  to  replace     any invalid     or     unenforceable     provision     with     a     valid     and     enforceable     one     such     that     the     objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be     realized.  
   
   18.9   English     Language.     This     Agreement     shall     be     written     and     executed     in,     and     all     other communications     under     or     in     connection     with     this     Agreement,     shall     be     in     the     English     language. Any     translation     into     any     other     language     shall     not     be     an     official     version     thereof,     and     in     the     event of any conflict in interpretation between the English version and such translation, the     English version shall     control.  
   
   18.10   Waiver and Non-Exclusion of Remedies.    Any term or condition of this      Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but no such     waiver shall     be     effective     unless     set     forth     in     a     written     instrument     duly     executed     by     or     on     behalf     of     the Party waiving such term or condition. The waiver by either Party hereto of any right      hereunder or of the failure to perform or of a breach by the other Party shall not be deemed a waiver of     any other     right     hereunder     or     of     any     other     breach     or     failure     by     such     other     Party     whether     of     a     similar nature or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and do not     exclude any other right or remedy provided by Applicable Laws or otherwise available except     as expressly set forth     herein.  
   
 18.11   Further Assurance.   Each Party shall duly execute and deliver, or cause to be     duly executed     and     delivered,     such     further     instruments     and     do     and     cause     to     be     done     such     further     acts and things, including the filing of such assignments, agreements, documents, and instruments,     as may be necessary or as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with      this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes     hereof.  
   
 96 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

18.12   Relationship     of     the     Parties.     It     is     expressly     agreed     that     Takeda,     on     the     one     hand,     and Ultragenyx, on the other hand, shall be independent contractors and that the relationship     between the     two     Parties     shall     not     constitute     a     partnership,     joint     venture     or     agency.     Neither     Takeda     nor Ultragenyx shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or commitments     of any     kind,     or     to     take     any     action     which     shall     be     binding     on     the     other,     without     the     prior     written consent of the other Party to do so. All persons employed by a Party shall be employees of     that Party and not of the other Party and all costs and obligations incurred by reason of     such employment     shall     be     for     the     account     and     expense     of     such     Party.     For     clarity,     (a)     if     Takeda provides Research Support for an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than Exercised Products)     or Licensed     Option     Product     (in     connection     with     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement),     Takeda shall be deemed an independent contractor in the performance of such Research Support and     (b) in no case shall Takeda provide Research Support with respect to a Licensed     Product.  
   
 18.13   Counterparts.   This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts,      each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the     same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, .pdf or other     electronically transmitted     signatures     and     such     signatures     shall     be     deemed     to     bind     each     Party     hereto     as     if     they were the original     signatures.  
   
   18.14   Construction.   Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the     singular shall     include     the     plural,     the     plural     the     singular,     and     the     use     of     any     gender     shall     be     applicable     to all genders. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number refers      to calendar days. The terms  including,   include,  or  includes  as used herein shall     mean  including, but not limited to,  and shall not limit the generality of any description     preceding such term. The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually     chosen by the Parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against either Party hereto.     Each Party represents that it has been represented   by   legal counsel in connection with this     Agreement and acknowledges that it has participated in the drafting hereof.   In   interpreting and applying     the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that no presumption will apply     against the Party which drafted such terms and     provision.  
   
   18.15   Governing Laws.   This Agreement was prepared in the English language,     which language shall govern the interpretation of, and any dispute regarding, the terms of     this Agreement.     This     Agreement     and     all     disputes     arising     out     of     or     related     to     this     Agreement     or     any breach     hereof     shall     be     governed     by     and     construed     under     the     laws     of     the     State     of     New     York, without     giving     effect     to     any     choice     of     law     principles     that     would     require     the     application     of     the laws of a different     state.  
   
   18.16   Entire     Agreement.     This     Agreement,     including     the     Exhibits     hereto,     and     the     Common Stock     Purchase     Agreement     set     forth     the     complete,     final     and     exclusive     agreement     and     all     the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions and     understandings between     the     Parties     hereto     with     respect     to     the     subject     matter     hereof     and     supersedes,     as     of     the Execution Date, all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between     the Parties     with     respect     to     the     subject     matter     hereof;     provided,     that,     until     the     Effective     Date,     the Confidentiality     Agreement     shall     continue     in     full     force     and     effect     in     accordance     with     its     terms.  
 97 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Except as provided in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, there are no   covenants, promises,   agreements,   warranties,   representations,   conditions   or   understandings,   either   oral   or written, between the Parties other than as are set forth herein and therein. No   subsequent alteration,   amendment,   change   or   addition   to   this   Agreement   shall   be   binding   upon   the   Parties unless reduced to writing and signed by an authorized officer of each Party. In the event of   any inconsistency between the body of this Agreement and the Exhibits to this Agreement,   the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, or any subsequent agreements ancillary to this   Agreement, unless otherwise expressly stated to the contrary in such Exhibit, Common Stock   Purchase Agreement or subsequent ancillary agreement, the terms contained in this Agreement   shall control. 
   
   18.17   Headings.   The headings of each Article and Section in this Agreement have     been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to limit or expand  on     the meaning of the language contained in the particular Article or     Section.  
   
 SIGNATURE PAGE   FOLLOWS 

98 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

THIS AGREEMENT is executed by the authorized representatives of the Parties as of   the Execution   Date. 

ULTRAGENYX   PHARMACEUTICAL      INC.  
 
 TAKEDA   PHARMACEUTICAL   COMPANY   LIMITED  

By        /s/ Emil Kakkis                                                      

By     /s/ Misako Hamamura                                                                                              

Name:  Emil Kakkis  
 
 Name:  Misako Hamamura  

Title:  CEO  
 
 Title:  Head of JP Strategy   BD  

{Signature Page to License   and   Collaboration   Agreement} 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.6(i) 
   
 [***] 

Chemical   Name:   [***]  
   
 Molecular Formula:    [***]  
 Molecular Weight:    [***]  
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.6(iii) 
   
 [***] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.82 
   
 Initial  [***]  Development   Plan 

Initial Development Plan     Framework  
   
 [***] 
  Estimated     Timeline  
   
 [***] 
   
  Development Activities and     Budget  
   
 [***] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.91 
 Knowledge   Group 

Ultragenyx Position     Titles  
   
 Tom Kassberg, SVP and Chief Business   Officer Shalini Sharp, SVP and Chief Financial   Officer Sunil Agarwal, SVP and Chief Medical   Officer Cori Leonard, VP,   Regulatory 
 Yael Weiss, Executive Director, Search and Evaluation, Business   Development Rob Anstey, Senior Director, Business   Development 

Takeda Position     Titles  
   
 [***] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.94 
   
 [***] 

Chemical Name:    [***]   

Molecular Formula:     [***]   

Molecular Weight:    [***]   

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.99 
 Licensed Analog   Compounds 
 [***] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.137 
 Preexisting Third Party   IP 
 [***] 
   
 [ 3 pages omitted ] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.141 
 Product   INDs 
 [***] 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.168  
 Takeda   Patents 
 Licensed  [***]    Patent 

Patent /     Publication   
 
  Priority /     Application   
 
  Inventor(s) /     Assignee(s)   
 
  Title /     Claims   
 
  Status   

[***]  
 
 [***]  
 
 [***]  
 
 [***]  
 
 [***]  

[ 2 pages omitted ] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.188  
 Ultragenyx   Patents 

Ultragenyx  [***]    Patents 
   
 [***] 
   
 Ultragenyx [***] Patents 

[***] 

[ 3 pages omitted ] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.195 

[***] 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 6.1 
 Listed   Compounds 
 [***] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 6.3(a) 
 [***]  Research   P  lan  
 [***] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 6.10(b) 
   
 [***] 
   
 [ 4 pages omitted ] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 13.2(b) 
   
 [***] 
   
 [ 4 pages omitted ] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 14.5 
 Form of Press   Release 

Contact Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical   Inc. Investors     Media 
 Ryan   Martins  844-758-7273  
  For Takeda Pharmaceutical Company     Limited:  Tsuyoshi Tada     Japan  tsuyoshi.tada@takeda.com  
 +81332782417 
   
 Julia Ellwanger     USA  julia.ellwanger@takeda.com  
 +1-224-554-7681 

Ultragenyx   and   Takeda   enter   into   a   Collaboration   to   Develop   and   Commercialize   Therapies   for   Rare Genetic   Diseases 
   
 Ultragenyx to license and develop one or more product candidates from   Takeda Takeda to make equity investment in Ultragenyx to fund   development 
 NOVATO, CA, June 7, 2016 and OSAKA, JAPAN, June 8, 2016    Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc.     (NASDAQ: RARE), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel products for rare and     ultra- rare genetic diseases, and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (  TSE: 4502  ), today announced     a strategic partnership to develop and commercialize therapies to treat rare genetic     diseases.  
 Ultragenyx will initially receive an exclusive license to one preclinical Takeda product candidate in a   pre- determined field of use, and will have an exclusive option to co-develop and co-commercialize   the product candidate in additional therapeutic areas. The companies have also established a   five-year research collaboration in which Ultragenyx will have the option to license up to five additional   Takeda 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

product candidates for rare diseases after the parties agree on and conduct initial validation   activities under the purview of a Joint Research   Committee. 
  This broad collaboration provides Ultragenyx with a product opportunity that is approaching   clinical- stage development as well as a potential continued source of new product candidates that will help   us   achieve our goal of bringing a new therapy into the clinic every one to two years,  said Emil D.   Kakkis, MD, PhD, Chief Executive Officer of Ultragenyx.  Takeda has an impressive early pipeline of   therapies with potential across a number of rare genetic diseases, and we are pleased that Takeda has chosen   to partner with us to bring these therapies to patients with rare diseases that have few or no   treatment options.  
 "Ultragenyx is a rapidly emerging rare disease company, led by a highly experienced and   successful management team," said Andrew Plump, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical and Scientific Officer of   Takeda.  This partnership provides Takeda access to Ultragenyx s strong patient-centric development   and regulatory capabilities in the rare disease space, and could create significant value for both companies   by   delivering important new therapies to   patients.  
 Takeda will receive an exclusive option to commercialize any licensed products resulting from   the collaboration in Asia, including Japan. In addition, Takeda receives an option to exclusively license   one Ultragenyx pipeline product in Japan. Each company will receive potential development and   sales   milestone payments and royalties on net sales of licensed products by the other   party. 
 Takeda will invest up to $65 million in Ultragenyx in two tranches, the first of which will comprise   a 
 $25million stock purchase along with a $15 million cash premium at closing. This will be followed   at Ultragenyx s option, within 12 months, by a second equity purchase of $25million with no   additional premium. A potential third equity investment by Takeda is contingent upon Ultragenyx achieving   a specific development milestone on a second asset. No additional financial details were   disclosed. 
 The completion of the transactions are subject to Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of   1976 (HSR) review and the satisfaction of other customary closing   conditions. 
   
 About   Ultragenyx 
   
 Ultragenyx is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to bringing to market   novel products for the treatment of rare and ultra-rare diseases, with a focus on serious, debilitating   genetic diseases. Founded in 2010, the company has rapidly built a diverse portfolio of product candidates   with the potential to address diseases for which the unmet medical need is high, the biology for treatment   is clear, and for which there are no approved   therapies. 
 The company is led by a management team experienced in the development and commercialization   of rare disease therapeutics. Ultragenyx s strategy is predicated upon time and cost-efficient   drug development, with the goal of delivering safe and effective therapies to patients with the   utmost urgency. 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

For more information on Ultragenyx, please visit the company s website at    www.ultragenyx.com . 
   
 About   Takeda 
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TSE: 4502) is a global, R D-driven pharmaceutical   company committed to bringing better health and a brighter future to patients by translating science into   life- changing medicines. Takeda focuses its research efforts on oncology, gastroenterology and   central nervous system therapeutic areas. It also has specific development programs in specialty   cardiovascular diseases as well as late-stage candidates for vaccines. Takeda conducts R D both internally and   with partners to stay at the leading edge of innovation.  New  innovative products, especially in   oncology, central nervous system and gastroenterology, as well as its presence in emerging markets, fuel   the growth   of   Takeda.   More   than   30,000   Takeda   employees   are   committed   to improving   quality   of   life   for patients, working with our partners in health care in more than 70 countries. For more information,   visit  http://www.takeda.com/news . 
   
 Ultragenyx Forward-Looking   Statements 
   
 Except   for   the   historical   information   contained   herein,   the   matters   set   forth   in   this   press   release, including statements regarding the potential to develop the licensed product candidate in   additional therapeutic areas, as well as the potential to develop additional rare disease targets pursuant to   the collaboration and the ability to bring new therapies to clinic, are forward-looking statements   within the   meaning   of   the   "safe   harbor"   provisions   of   the   Private   Securities   Litigation   Reform   Act   of   1995. Such   forward-looking   statements   involve   substantial   risks   and   uncertainties   that   could   cause   our development programs, future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly   from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties   include, among others, the satisfaction of the HSR requirements and the impact on the timing of the   closing, whether   any   products   will   be   successfully   developed   and   commercialized   from   the   collaboration, uncertainties inherent in the drug development process and other matters that could affect   the potential for success of the collaboration, including the sufficiency of existing cash, cash   equivalents and   short-term   investments   to   fund   operations.   Ultragenyx   undertakes   no   obligation   to   update   or   revise   any   forward-looking   statements.   For   a   further   description   of   the   risks   and   uncertainties   that could   cause   actual   results   to   differ   from   those   expressed   in   these   forward-looking   statements,   as well as risks relating to the business of the company in general, see Ultragenyx's Quarterly Report   on   Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10 2016, and its   subsequent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange   Commission. 
   
 Takeda Forward-Looking   Statements 
   
 This press release contains  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements include   all statements other than statements of historical fact, including plans, strategies and expectations   for the future, statements regarding the expected timing of filings and approvals relating to   the transaction,   the   expected   timing   of   the   completion   of   the   transaction,   the   ability   to   complete   the transaction   or   to   satisfy   the   various   closing   conditions,   future   revenues   and   profitability   from   or 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

growth   or   any   assumptions   underlying   any   of   the   foregoing.   Statements   made   in   the   future   tense, and   words   such   as    anticipate,     expect,     project,     continue,     believe,     plan,     estimate,     pro forma,   intend,   potential,   target,   forecast,   guidance,   outlook,   seek,   assume,     will,   may,   should,  and similar expressions are intended to qualify as forward-looking   statements. Forward-looking   statements   are   based   on   estimates   and   assumptions   made   by   management   that are believed to be reasonable, though they are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict.   Investors and security holders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking   statements. 
   
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results   or   experience   to   differ   materially   from   that   expressed   or   implied   by   the   forward-looking   statements. Some   of   these   risks   and   uncertainties   include,   but   are   not   limited   to:   required   regulatory   approvals for the transaction may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all; the conditions to closing of   the transaction may not be satisfied; competitive pressures and developments; applicable laws   and regulations; the success or failure of product development programs; actions of   regulatory authorities and the timing thereof; changes in exchange rates; and claims or concerns regarding   the safety or efficacy of marketed products or product candidates in   development. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date of this   press release, and neither Ultragenyx nor Takeda undertakes any obligation to revise or update   any forward-looking   statements   to   reflect   new   information,   future   events   or   circumstances   after   the date   of   the   forward-looking   statement.   If   one   or   more   of   these   statements   is   updated   or   corrected, investors and others should not conclude that additional updates or corrections will be   made. 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** .  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 rare-ex102_7.htm
 EX-10.2

rare-ex102_7.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE   AGREEMENT 
 THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ) is entered into as   of June 6, 2016, by and among Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc., a Delaware corporation (the     Company  ), and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a Japanese corporation   (  Purchaser  ). 
   
 WHEREAS,   the   Company   desires   to   issue   and   sell   to   Purchaser   up   to   Seventy   Five   Million Dollars ($75,000,000) worth of shares (the   Shares  ) of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of   the Company   (the     Common     Stock  ),   which   Shares   shall   be   authorized   and   issued   in   accordance   with   the terms of this Agreement (the   Common Stock     Financing   
   
 WHEREAS,   prior   to   or   concurrently   with   the   consummation   of   the   transactions   contemplated hereby,   and   as   a   condition   to   the   willingness   of,   and   material   inducement   to,   Purchaser   to   enter   into   this Agreement, the Company and Purchaser shall enter into a Collaboration and License Agreement of   even date herewith (the   Collaboration Agreement     and 
   
 WHEREAS,    subject    to    the     terms     and     conditions     set     forth    in    this     Agreement,    Purchaser   desires   to purchase from the Company the   Shares. 
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, representations,   warranties, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,   the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as   follows: 

1.   
 
  PURCHASE AND     SALE     

1.1   Sale     and     Issuance     of     Shares  .     In     consideration     of     the     Collaboration     Agreement     and     in express     reliance     upon     the     representations,     warranties     and     covenants     set     forth     herein,     and     subject     to     the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company shall issue and sell to Purchaser,     and Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, the Shares;   provided   that in no event shall the     aggregate number of Shares subject to issuance pursuant to this   Section 1   exceed twenty percent (20%) of the     total outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock calculated as of the Initial Closing (as     defined below).  
   
 1.2   Initial Closing  .   The initial purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place remotely     via the exchange of documents and signatures at 10:00 a.m. on the Effective Date, as defined in     the Collaboration     Agreement     (the        Effective     Date   ),     or     at     such     other     time     as     the     Company     and     Purchaser shall mutually agree (which time, date and place are referred to in this Agreement as the        Initial Closing   ). At the Initial Closing, the Company shall instruct American Stock Transfer         Trust Company, LLC (the    Transfer Agent   ) to register the issuance of the Initial Closing Shares (as     defined below)     via     book     entry,     against     delivery     to     the     Company     by     Purchaser     at     the     Initial     Closing     of     Forty Million     Dollars     ($40,000,000)     (the        Initial     Closing     Consideration   ),     payable     in     immediately     available funds     by     wire     transfer     to     an     account     or     accounts     designated     by     the     Company.     The        Initial     Closing Shares    shall mean that number of shares of Common Stock equal to Twenty Five Million     ($25,000,000) divided by the Bloomberg volume-weighted average price for a share of Common Stock on the     NASDAQ Global Select Market for the 30 trading day period ending on the last day on which the NASDAQ     Global Select     Market     is     open     (a        Trading     Day   )     prior     to     the     Execution     Date,     as     defined     in     the     Collaboration Agreement, rounded to the nearest whole share. For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial     Closing Consideration     represents     Twenty     Five     Million     Dollars     ($25,000,000)     worth     of     Common     Stock     plus     a Fifteen Million Dollar ($15,000,000) premium, which premium represents the consideration paid in     return for     certain     rights     under     the     Collaboration     Agreement,     including     rights     under     Sections     8.1     and     8.3     of     the Collaboration     Agreement.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.3    Second Tranche Closing  .   During the period beginning on the three-month      anniversary of     the     Effective     Date     and     ending     on     the     one-year     anniversary     thereof,     the     Company     shall     have     the     right, but     not     the     obligation,     to     direct     Purchaser,     by     its     delivery     to     Purchaser     of     a     Second     Tranche     Notice     (as defined     below),     to     purchase     the     Second     Tranche     Shares     (as     defined     below)     pursuant     to     this     Section     1.3  , and     Purchaser     thereupon     shall     have     the     obligation     to     purchase     the     Second     Tranche     Shares,     subject     to     the conditions set forth in this Agreement, provided that the Collaboration Agreement has not been     suspended or     terminated     in     accordance     with     Section     15.7(d)     of     the     Collaboration     Agreement.     A        Second     Tranche Notice    shall mean an irrevocable written notice specifying a closing date for the purchase of the     Second Tranche Shares pursuant to this   Section 1.3   (the    Second Tranche Closing   ), which notice shall     be delivered     no     less     than     ten     (10)     Trading     Days     prior     to     the     date     of     the     Second     Tranche     Closing.     At     the Second     Tranche     Closing,     the     Company     shall     instruct     the     Transfer     Agent     to     register     the     Second     Tranche Shares     (as     defined     below)     via     book     entry     against     delivery     to     the     Company     by     Purchaser     at     or     before     the Second Tranche Closing of Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) (the    Second     Tranche Consideration   ), payable in immediately available funds by wire transfer to an account or     accounts designated by the Company. The    Second Tranche Shares    shall mean that number of shares     of Common     Stock     equal     to     Twenty     Five     Million     Dollars     ($25,000,000)     divided     by     the     Bloomberg     volume- weighted     average     price     for     a     share     of     Common     Stock     on     the     NASDAQ     Global     Select     Market     for     the     30   Trading     Day     period     ending     on     the     last     Trading     Day     prior     to     the     Second     Tranche     Notice,     rounded     to     the nearest whole     share.  
   
 1.4   Third     Tranche     Closing  .     During     the     30     calendar     day     period     following     the   [***]     (as     defined     in     the     Collaboration     Agreement), the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct Purchaser, by its delivery to     Purchaser of     a     Third     Tranche     Notice     (as     defined     below),     to     purchase     the     Third     Tranche     Shares     (as     defined     below) pursuant to this   Section 1.4  , and Purchaser thereupon shall have the obligation to purchase the     Third Tranche     Shares,     subject     to     the     conditions     set     forth     in     this     Agreement,     provided     that     the     Collaboration Agreement has not been suspended or terminated in accordance with Section 15.7(d) of the     Collaboration Agreement.     The     Company     shall     notify     Purchaser     in     writing     within     5     business     days     after     [***]  . A    Third Tranche Notice    shall     mean an irrevocable written notice specifying a closing date for the purchase of the Third Tranche     Shares pursuant to this   Section 1.4   (the    Third Tranche Closing   ), which notice shall be delivered no less     than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the date of the Third Tranche Closing. At the Third Tranche Closing,     the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to register such issuance via book entry the Third     Tranche Shares     (as     defined     below)     against     delivery     to     the     Company     by     Purchaser     at     or     before     the     Third     Tranche Closing of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) (the    Third Tranche Consideration   ), payable     in immediately available funds by wire transfer to an account or accounts designated by the Company.     The    Third     Tranche     Shares        shall     mean     that     number     of     shares     of     Common     Stock     equal     to     Ten     Million Dollars ($10,000,000) divided by the Bloomberg volume-weighted average price for a share of     Common Stock     on     the     NASDAQ     Global     Select     Market     for     the     30     Trading     Day     period     ending     on     the     last     Trading Day prior to the Third Tranche Notice, rounded to the nearest whole share. For clarity, each of the     Initial Closing, Second Tranche Closing and Third Tranche Closing shall be referred to as a        Closing  .   
   
 1.5   Capital     Adjustments  .     If     after     the     date     hereof     (A)     the     Company     shall     pay     a     dividend     in securities of the Company (other than in Common Stock) or of other property (including cash) on     the Common Stock, or (B) there shall occur any merger, consolidation, capital reorganization     or reclassification     in     which     the     Common     Stock     is     converted     or     exchanged     for     securities,     cash     or     other property, the class or series of stock constituting the Common Stock for purposes of this Agreement,     shall be     appropriately     adjusted     to     reflect     such     other     dividend,     merger,     consolidation,     capital     reorganization     or reclassification. After any event referenced in clauses (A) and (B) of the preceding sentence     is consummated, all references herein to the Common Stock shall be deemed to refer to the capital stock     or  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

property     (including     cash)     into     or     for     which     the     Common     Stock     was     converted     or     exchanged,     with     the necessary changes in     detail.  

2.   
 
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE     COMPANY   

As of the date of each Closing, the Company represents and warrants to Purchaser that, subject   to exceptions and disclosures set forth in any part or subpart of the Company Disclosure Schedule corresponding   to   the   particular   Section   or   subsection   of   this    Section     2 ,   or   any   exceptions   or   disclosures set   forth   in   any   other   part   or   subpart   of   the   Company   Disclosure   Schedule   to   the   extent   it   is   reasonably apparent from the wording or any such exception or disclosure that such exception or disclosure   is applicable to qualify such representation or warranty, and (i) in the case of the Initial Closing, only to   the extent specifically referenced in the applicable representation or warranty, disclosures in the SEC   Filings (as   defined   below)   and   (ii)   in   the   case   of   the   Second   Tranche   Closing   and   Third   Tranche   Closing, disclosures   in   the   SEC   Filings,   provided   that   in   cases   (i)   or   (ii),   in   any   event   excluding   any   disclosure   of risks included in any  risk factors,   forward-looking statements  disclaimer or other statements that   are similarly predictive or forward-looking in nature, the statements contained in this  Section 2  are   true, complete and correct (except that those statements which address matters only as of a particular date   are true, correct and complete as of such date). The Company shall deliver an updated and current   Company Disclosure Schedule prior to each   Closing. 
   
 2.1   Organization and Qualification  .   The Company is a corporation duly organized,     validly existing     and     in     good     standing     under     the     laws     of     the     State     of     Delaware     and     has     all     requisite     corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as     now conducted     and     as     it     is     described     in     the     SEC     Filings.     The     Company     is     duly     qualified     to     transact     business and     is     in     good     standing     in     each     jurisdiction     in     which     the     failure     to     so     qualify     would     or     would     be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on (i) the     business, properties or financial condition of the Company, (ii) the Shares or (iii) the enforceability of     this Agreement (a    Material Adverse Effect      provided   that none of the following shall be taken     into account in determining whether there is a Material Adverse Effect: (a) any change in the market price     or trading volume of the Company s stock; (b) any event, circumstance, change or effect in the industries     in which     the     Company     or     its     subsidiaries     operates     generally     or     the     United     States     or     European     economy generally,     financial     markets     or     political     conditions     generally;     (c)     any     act     of     terrorism,     military     action     or war     (whether     or     not     declared),     national     or     international     calamity     or     similar     event     or     any     escalation     or worsening thereof; (d) any event, circumstance, change or effect arising from or relating to any change   in   legal requirements or generally accepted accounting principles (   GAAP   ) (or interpretations of any     legal requirements or GAAP); or (e) any change or effect attributable to the consummation of the     transactions contemplated hereby, or the public announcement of the execution of, this Agreement (provided any     such public announcement is not in breach of this Agreement);   provided  , in each case, that such effects do     not, individually or in the aggregate, have a materially disproportionate adverse impact on the Company,     taken as     a     whole,     relative     to     any     other      person      as     such     term     is     defined     under     Section     3(a)(9)     of     the     Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ) and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and     14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act (   Person   ) in the industries or markets in which the Company     operates.  
   
 2.2   Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws  .   The certificate of incorporation, bylaws     and documents of similar substance (the    Governing Documents   ) of the Company and its subsidiaries     that are on file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ) are current,     complete and correct copies thereof as in effect on the date hereof. The Governing Documents of the Company     and its     subsidiaries     are     in     full     force     and     effect.     The     Company     and     each     subsidiary     of     the     Company     are     in compliance with the terms of their respective Governing     Documents.  

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)    The     authorized     capital     stock     of     the     Company     consists     of     275,000,000     shares     of capital     stock,     of     which     250,000,000     are     designated     as     Common     Stock     and     25,000,000     are     designated     as   preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share (   Preferred Stock   ). As of the close of business on the     date that     is     two     Trading     Days     prior     to     the     date     of     this     Agreement,     (i)     39,039,083     shares     of     Common     Stock were     issued     and     outstanding,     all     of     which     were     validly     issued     and     fully     paid,     nonassessable     and     free     of preemptive rights; (ii) 5,128,090 shares of Common Stock were issuable (and such number was     reserved for     issuance)     upon     exercise     of     options     to     purchase     Common     Stock     or     as     restricted     stock     units     payable     in Common Stock (the    Options   ) outstanding as of such date; (iii) 149,700 shares of Common Stock     were issuable     (and     such     number     was     reserved     for     issuance)     upon     exercise     of     warrants     to     purchase     Common Stock     (the        Warrants   )     outstanding     as     of     such     date;     and     (iv)     no     shares     of     Preferred     Stock     were     issued and outstanding.  
   
 (b)   As     of     the     close     of     business     on     the     last     Trading     Day     immediately     preceding     the date of this Agreement, except for (i) the Options and (ii) the Warrants, there were no options, warrants     or other rights to acquire capital stock or other equity interests from the Company, or securities     convertible into     or     exchangeable     for     such     capital     stock     or     other     equity     interests.     Other     than     (A)     shares     of     capital stock reserved for issuance as provided in this   Section 2.3   and (B) options to purchase Common Stock     or other equity awards issued in accordance with the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan or     2014 Incentive     Plan     and     shares     subject     to     purchase     under     the     2014     Employee     Stock     Purchase     Plan (collectively,     the        Awards   ),     the     Company     has     not     issued     any     shares     of     its     capital     stock     or     other     equity interests,     or     securities     convertible     into     or     exchangeable     for     such     capital     stock     or     other     equity     interests except     as     set     forth     in     its     filings     under     the     Securities     Act     of     1933,     as     amended     (   Securities     Act   )     and     the Exchange     Act.     All     outstanding     shares     of     Common     Stock     and     all     shares     of     Common     Stock     subject     to issuance upon exercise of the Options, the Awards and the Warrants, upon issuance prior to the     Closing on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be     duly authorized,     validly     issued,     fully     paid,     nonassessable     and     free     of     preemptive     rights.     The     Shares     to     be issued     in     connection     with     the     Agreement,     when     issued     as     contemplated     herein,     will     be     duly     authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will not be in violation of any preemptive rights and will     be free and clear of all liens, charges, restrictions, claims, rights of first refusal and encumbrances except     as set forth in this Agreement and the Company s Governing Documents. The issuance and sale of     the Shares will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any     Person (other     than     the     Purchaser)     and     will     not     result     in     a     right     of     any     holder     of     Company     securities     to     adjust     the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such     securities.  

2.4   
 
  Authorization;     Enforceability.   

(a)   The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute,     deliver and perform, as applicable, this Agreement and to issue and sell the Shares in accordance with the     terms hereof.  
   
 (b)   All     corporate     action     on     the     part     of     the     Company     and     its     officers     and     directors necessary for (i) the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of all obligations of the     Company under     this     Agreement     has     been     taken     and     (ii)     the     issuance     and     sale     by     the     Company     of     the     Shares hereunder     has     been     taken.     This     Agreement     constitutes     a     valid     and     legally     binding     obligation     of     the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (A) as limited by applicable     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement     of creditors  rights generally or by equitable principles and (B) as limited by laws relating to the     availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (the    Equitable Exceptions   ).     No action on the part of the Company s stockholders is necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery or performance of the Company s obligations     hereunder.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

2.5   
 
        SEC Filings; Financial     Statements  .   

(a)   The Company has timely filed with or furnished to the SEC all     registration statements, prospectuses, forms, reports, definitive proxy statements, schedules and documents      required to be filed by it under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be (collectively, the        SEC Filings   ). Each SEC Filing, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, (i) as of its date, or, if     amended, as of the date of the last such amendment, complied in all material respects with the     applicable requirements     of     the     Securities     Act,     the     Exchange     Act     and     the     Sarbanes-Oxley     Act     of     2002,     as     amended (the        Sarbanes-Oxley     Act   ),     as     the     case     may     be,     and     the     rules     and     regulations     of     the     SEC     thereunder, applicable     to     such     SEC     Filing,     and     (ii)     did     not,     at     the     time     it     was     filed     (or     at     the     time     it     became     effective in     the     case     of     registration     statements),     or,     if     amended,     as     of     the     date     of     the     last     such     amendment,     contain any     untrue     statement     of     a     material     fact     or     omit     to     state     a     material     fact     required     to     be     stated     therein     or necessary     in     order     to     make     the     statements     made     therein,     in     the     light     of     the     circumstances     under     which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under     the Securities Act. As of the Initial Closing, the Company meets the  Registrant  Requirements       for eligibility to use Form S-3 set forth in General Instruction I.A to Form S-3. As of the date of     this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the     SEC staff     with     respect     to     the     SEC     Filings     and,     to     the     Company s     knowledge,     none     of     the     SEC     Filings     is     the subject of ongoing SEC review, outstanding SEC comment or outstanding SEC     investigation.  
   
 (b)   Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any     notes thereto) contained in the SEC Filings, as amended, supplemented or restated, if applicable, was     prepared in     accordance     with     GAAP     applied     (except     as     may     be     indicated     in     the     notes     thereto     and,     in     the     case     of unaudited     quarterly     financial     statements,     as     permitted     by     the     Form     10-Q     under     the     Exchange     Act)     on     a consistent     basis     throughout     the     periods     indicated     (except     as     may     be     indicated     in     the     notes     thereto),     and each presented fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position, results of operations     and cash     flows     of     the     Company     and     the     consolidated     subsidiaries     of     the     Company     as     of     the     respective     dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein (subject, in the case of unaudited     quarterly financial statements, to normal year-end     adjustments).  
   
 (c)   The     Company     and     its     subsidiaries     have     implemented     and     maintain     a     system     of internal     control     over     financial     reporting     (as     required     by     Rule     13a-15(a)     under     the     Exchange     Act)     that     is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and     the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP for external purposes     and includes     policies     and     procedures     that     (i)     pertain     to     the     maintenance     of     records     that     in     reasonable     detail accurately     and     fairly     reflect     the     transactions     and     dispositions     of     the     assets     of     the     Company,     (ii)     provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of     financial statements     in     accordance     with     GAAP     and     to     maintain     accountability     of     assets,     and     that     receipts     and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management     and directors     of     the     Company,     and     (iii)     provide     reasonable     assurance     regarding     the     prevention     or     timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have     a material     effect     on     its     financial     statements,     and     such     system     of     internal     control     over     financial     reporting     is reasonably     effective.  
   
 (d)   The Company has implemented and maintains disclosure controls and     procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information     required to     be     disclosed     by     the     Company     in     the     reports     it     files     or     submits     under     the     Exchange     Act     is     recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time frames specified by the SEC s rules and forms     (and such     disclosure     controls     and     procedures     are     reasonably     effective),     and     has     disclosed,     based     on     its     most recent evaluation of its system of internal control over financial reporting prior to the date of     this Agreement, to the Company s independent registered accountant and the audit committee of the Board     of  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Directors     (A)     any     significant     deficiencies     and     material     weaknesses     to     the     Company s     Knowledge     in     the design or operation of its internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of     the Exchange     Act)     and     (B)     to     the     Company s     Knowledge     any     fraud     that     involves     management     or     other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial     reporting.  

2.6   
 
  No Conflict; Required Filings and     Consents  .   

(a)   The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not, and     the performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, (i) conflict with or violate any provision of     the Governing Documents of the Company or its subsidiaries, (ii) assuming that all consents,     approvals, authorizations and permits described in the Collaboration Agreement have been obtained, conflict with     or violate any law applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound     or affected     or     (iii)     conflict     with,     or     constitute     a     default     (or     an     event     which,     with     notice     or     lapse     of     time     or both, would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,     acceleration or cancellation of, any Material Contract (as defined below).  
   
 (b)   The     Company     is     not     required     to     obtain     any     consent,     waiver,     authorization     or order     of,     give     any     notice     to,     or     make     any     filing     or     registration     with,     any     federal,     national,     supranational, state, provincial, municipal, local or other government, governmental, regulatory or     administrative authority, agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body of     competent jurisdiction (   Governmental Authority   ) or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery     and performance     by     the     Company     of     the     issuance     of     the     Shares,     other     than     (i)     (A)     the     filing     of     a     prospectus (and     potentially     the     filing     of     a     registration     statement)     with     the     SEC     in     accordance     with     the     requirements of   Section 7.2   below, (B) filings required by applicable Blue Sky Laws, (C) the filing of a Notice of     Sale of     Securities     on     Form     D     with     the     SEC     under     Regulation     D     of     the     Securities     Act,     (D)     the     filing     of     any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the issuance and sale     of the     Shares     and     the     listing     of     the     Shares     thereon     in     the     time     and     manner     required     thereby,     (E)     any     filing required by the Collaboration Agreement, and (F) those that have been made or obtained prior to the     date of this Agreement, or (ii) where failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or     to make such filings or notifications, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected     to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
   
 2.7   Employees     and     Employee     Matters  .     Except     as     would     not     reasonably     be     expected     to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has complied with all federal, state and local laws     relating to     the     hiring     of     employees,     consultants     and     advisors     and     the     employment     of     labor,     including     provisions thereof     relating     to     wages,     hours,     equal     opportunity,     collective     bargaining     and     the     payment     of     social security and other taxes. The Company is not delinquent in material payments to any of its employees for any     wages,     salaries,     commissions,     bonuses     or     other     direct     compensation     for     any     services     performed     by them to date or amounts required to be reimbursed to such employees or upon any termination of     the employment of any such     employees.  
   
 2.8   Material Contracts  .   Except as disclosed in the SEC Filings, neither the Company     nor any     of     its     assets,     properties,     businesses     or     operations     is     a     party     to,     bound     or     affected     by,     or     receives benefits     under     any     contract     which     is     a      material     contract      (as     such     term     is     defined     in     Item     601(b)(10)     of Regulation     S-K     of     the     SEC)     (a        Material     Contract   ).     Except     as     would     not,     individually     or     in     the aggregate,     be     reasonably     expected     to     have     a     Material     Adverse     Effect,     (i)     each     Material     Contract     is     valid and binding on the Company and, to the Company s knowledge, each other party thereto, and in full     force and effect, (ii) each Material Contract is enforceable against the Company and, to the     Company s knowledge,     the     other     parties     thereto     in     accordance     with     the     terms     thereof,     except     as     such     enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of     general applicability relating to or affecting creditor s rights generally and by the application of general     principles  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

of     equity     and     (iii)     the     Company     has     not     received     written     notice     of     any     violation     or     default     under     (or     any condition     which     with     the     passage     of     time     or     the     giving     of     notice     would     cause     such     a     violation     of     or default under) any Material     Contract.  
   
 2.9   Litigation  .   There is no material action, suit or proceeding pending or, to the     Company s knowledge, currently threatened against the Company or against any director, officer or employee of     the Company.     The     Company     is     not     a     party     to,     or     subject     to     the     provisions     of,     any     order,     writ,     injunction, judgment     or     decree     of     any     court     or     government     agency     or     instrumentality.     There     is     no     material     action, suit,     proceeding     or     investigation     by     the     Company     currently     pending     or     that     the     Company     intends     to initiate.  
   
 2.10   Taxes  .   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse     Effect,  
 (i)   all   federal,   state   and   local   tax   returns,   reports   and   declarations   of   the   Company   required   by   law   to   be filed   have   been   duly   filed,   (ii)   all   taxes   and   other   fees   due   thereon   have   been   paid   and   (iii)   the   Company has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for   periods subsequent   to   the   periods   to   which   such   returns,   reports   or   declarations   apply.   There   is   no   tax   lien, whether   imposed   by   any   federal,   state,   county   or   local   taxing   authority,   outstanding   against   the   assets, properties   or   business   of   the   Company.   There   are   no   unpaid   taxes   in   any   material   amount   claimed   to   be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for   any such   claim. 
   
 2.11   Listing and Maintenance Requirements  .   The Common Stock is registered pursuant     to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or     which to     its     knowledge     is     likely     to     have     the     effect     of,     terminating     the     registration     of     the     Common     Stock     under the     Exchange     Act     nor     has     the     Company     received     any     notification     that     the     Commission     is     contemplating terminating such registration. The Company is in compliance with the requirements of the     NASDAQ Global Select Market for continued listing of the Common Stock thereon and has not received     any notification that the NASDAQ Global Select Market is contemplating terminating such listing.     The Company has no reason to believe that it will not upon issuance of the Shares continue to be     in compliance     with     all     such     listing     and     maintenance     requirements.     The     issuance     of     the     Shares     hereunder does not contravene the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select     Market.  
   
 2.12   Offering Exemption  .   Based in part on the representations of Purchaser set forth     in   Section 4.2   below, the offer, sale and issuance of the Shares in conformity with the terms of     this Agreement     are     exempt     from     the     registration     requirements     of     the     Securities     Act     and     are     exempt     from     the qualification or registration requirements of applicable state securities laws. Neither the Company nor     its affiliates,     nor     any     agent     on     its     or     their     behalf,     (i)     has     engaged     in     any     form     of     general     solicitation     or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with     the Common     Stock     Financing,     (ii)     has     solicited     or     will     solicit     any     offers     to     sell     or     has     offered     to     sell     or     will offer     to     sell     all     or     any     part     of     the     Shares     to     any     Person     or     Persons     so     as     to     bring     the     sale     of     the     Shares     by the     Company     within     the     registration     provisions     of     the     Securities     Act     or     any     state     securities     laws     or     (iii) has     issued     any     shares     of     Common     Stock     or     shares     of     any     series     of     Preferred     Stock     or     other     securities     or instruments convertible into, exchangeable for or otherwise entitling the holder thereof to acquire     shares of Common Stock which would be integrated with the sale of the Shares to Purchaser for purposes of     the Securities Act or of any applicable shareholder approval provisions, including, without limitation,     under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities     of the     Company     are     listed     or     designated,     nor     will     the     Company     or     any     of     its     subsidiaries     or     affiliates     take any action or steps that would require registration of any of the Shares under the Securities     Act.  
   
 2.13   Affiliate Transactions  .   No employee, officer, director or 10% or greater shareholder     of the Company or member of his or her immediate family (each a    Covered Person   ) is currently     indebted  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

to the Company, nor is the Company indebted (or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee     credit) to any Covered Person. Except as disclosed in the SEC Filings, as of the date hereof, no Covered     Person has any direct or indirect ownership interest in any firm or corporation with which   the   Company     is affiliated or with which the Company has a business relationship, or any firm or corporation      that competes     with     the     Company     (except     for     ownership     of     stock     not     to     exceed     1%     of     the     outstanding     capital stock of any publicly traded company that may compete with the     Company).  
   
 2.14   Investment     Company     Act.     The     Company     is     not,     and     is     not     an     Affiliate     (as     defined below) of, and after giving effect to the Common Stock Financing, will not be and will not be an     Affiliate of,     an      investment     company      or     an     entity      controlled      by     an      investment     company,      as     such     terms     are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. For purposes of this Agreement,    Affiliate    shall     mean any     Person     that,     directly     or     indirectly     through     one     or     more     intermediaries,     controls     or     is     controlled     by     or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under     the Securities     Act.  
   
 2.15   Brokers or Finders  .   The Company has not retained any brokers, consultants or     advisors in connection with this Agreement, and has no agreements to pay any commission or compensation in     the nature of a finder s or broker s fee arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated     hereby.  
   
 2.16   Compliance with Rule 506  .   None of the Company, any of its  predecessors,      any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the     offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Company s outstanding voting     equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule     405 under     the     Securities     Act)     connected     with     the     Company     in     any     capacity     at     the     time     of     sale     is     disqualified from     relying     on     Rule     506     of     Regulation     D     under     the     Securities     Act     (   Rule     506   )     for     any     of     the     reasons stated in Rule 506(d) in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares to Purchaser pursuant to     this Agreement. The Company has exercised reasonable care, including without limitation, conducting     a factual inquiry that is appropriate in light of the circumstances, into whether any such     disqualification under Rule 506(d) exists, but has assumed the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations and     warranties. The     Company     has     furnished     to     Purchaser,     a     reasonable     time     prior     to     the     date     hereof,     a     description     in writing     of     any     matters     that     would     have     triggered     disqualification     under     Rule     506(d)     but     which     occurred before September 23, 2013, in each case, in compliance with the disclosure requirements of Rule     506(e). The     Company     has     exercised     reasonable     care,     including     without     limitation,     conducting     a     factual     inquiry that is appropriate in light of the circumstances, into whether any such disqualification under Rule     506(d) would     have     existed     and     whether     any     disclosure     is     required     to     be     made     to     Purchaser     under     Rule     506(e). Any     outstanding     securities     of     the     Company     (of     any     kind     or     nature)     that     were     issued     in     reliance     on     Rule 506 at any time on or after September 23, 2013 have been issued in compliance with Rules 506(d) and     (e) and     no     party     has     any     reasonable     basis     for     challenging     any     such     reliance     on     Rule     506     in     connection therewith.  

3.   
 
  ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AS     OF THE INITIAL     CLOSING   

As of the date of the Initial Closing only, the Company represents and warrants to Purchaser   that, subject to exceptions and disclosures set forth in any part or subpart of the Company Disclosure   Schedule corresponding   to   the   particular   Section   or   subsection   of   this    Section     3 ,   or   any   exceptions   or   disclosures set   forth   in   any   other   part   or   subpart   of   the   Company   Disclosure   Schedule   to   the   extent   it   is   reasonably apparent from the wording or any such exception or disclosure that such exception or disclosure   is applicable   to   qualify   such   representation   or   warranty,   and   disclosures   in   the   SEC   Filings,   excluding   any disclosure of risks included in any  risk factors,   forward-looking statements  disclaimer or   other statements   that   are   similarly   predictive   or   forward-looking   in   nature,   the   statements   contained   in   this 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Section 3   are true, complete and correct (except that those statements which address matters only as of     a particular date are true, correct and complete as of such     date).  
   
 3.1   Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments  .   Since the date     of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Filings, except as specifically set forth in     a subsequent     SEC     Filing     filed     at     least     one     (1)     Trading     Day     prior     to     the     date     hereof:     (i)     there     has     been     no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a     Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than     (a) trade     payables     and     accrued     expenses     incurred     in     the     ordinary     course     of     business     consistent     with     past practice and (b) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements pursuant     to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method     of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or     other property to the holders of its Common Stock or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to     purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to     any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company     does not     have     pending     before     the     SEC     any     request     for     confidential     treatment     of     information.     Except     for     the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,     occurrence or     development     has     occurred     or     exists     or     is     reasonably     expected     to     occur     or     exist     with     respect     to     the Company or its business, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to     be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws if the Company were publicly     offering securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act at the time     this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading     Day prior to the date that this representation is     made.  
   
 3.2   Labor Relations  .   No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the     Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected     to result     in     a     Material     Adverse     Effect.     None     of     the     Company s     employees     is     a     member     of     a     union     that relates     to     such     employee s     relationship     with     the     Company,     the     Company     is     not     a     party     to     any     collective bargaining agreement, and the Company believes that its relationships with its employees are good.     The Company     is     in     compliance     with     all     U.S.     federal,     state,     local     and     foreign     laws     and     regulations     relating     to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages  and     hours, except     where     the     failure     to     be     in     compliance     could     not,     individually     or     in     the     aggregate,     reasonably     be expected to have a Material Adverse     Effect.  
   
 3.3   Environmental Matters  .   The Company is in compliance with and has not     received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of,     applicable federal,     state     and     local     laws,     rules     and     regulations     relating     to     the     use,     treatment,     storage     and     disposal     of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or the environment which     are applicable     to     its     business     (the        Environmental     Laws   ).     The     Company     has     not     received     notice     of     any actual     or     potential     liability     under     or     relating     to,     or     actual     or     potential     violation     of,     any     Environmental Laws, including for the investigation or remediation of any release or threat of release of     hazardous materials, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result     in any     such     notice.     The     Company     is     not     conducting     or     paying     for,     in     whole     or     in     part,     any     investigation, remediation     or     other     corrective     action     pursuant     to     any     Environmental     Law     at     any     location,     and     is     not     a party to any order, decree or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any     Environmental Law. There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws of or relating to the     Company, except for any such matter, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to     have a     Material     Adverse     Effect.     The     Company     is     not     aware     of     any     facts     or     issues     regarding     its     compliance with Environmental Laws, or liabilities or other obligations under Environmental Laws, that,     individually or     in     the     aggregate,     would     reasonably     be     expected     to     have     a     Material     Adverse     Effect,     and     the     Company does not anticipate material capital expenditures relating to any Environmental     Laws.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

3.4    Title     to     Assets  .     Except     as     set     forth     in     the     SEC     Filings,     the     Company     has     good     and marketable     title     in     all     personal     property     owned     by     the     Company     that     is     material     to     the     business     of     the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, except for liens as do not materially affect the value     of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such     property by the Company and liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is     neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company     are held by it under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company are in     compliance.  
   
 3.5   Insurance  .     The     Company     is     insured     by     insurers     of     recognized     financial     responsibility against     such     losses     and     risks     and     in     such     amounts     as     are     prudent     and     customary     in     the     business     in     which the     Company     is     engaged,     including,     but     not     limited     to,     directors     and     officers     insurance.     The     Company does not have any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as     and when     such     coverage     expires     or     to     obtain     similar     coverage     from     similar     insurers     as     may     be     necessary     to continue its business without a significant increase in     cost.  
   
 3.6   Registration Rights  .   Except as provided for in this Agreement or as set forth in the     SEC Filings,     no     Person     has     any     right     to     cause     the     Company     to     effect     the     registration     under     the     Securities     Act of any securities of the     Company.  
   
 3.7   Application of Takeover Protections  .   The Company and the Board of Directors     have taken     all     necessary     action,     if     any,     in     order     to     render     inapplicable     any     control     share     acquisition,     business combination,     poison     pill     (including     any     distribution     under     a     rights     agreement)     or     other     similar     anti- takeover     provision     under     the     Company s     certificate     of     incorporation     or     the     laws     of     its     state     of incorporation     that     is     or     could     become     applicable     to     Purchaser     as     a     result     of     Purchaser     and     the     Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under this Agreement, including without limitation     as a result of the Company s issuance of the Shares and the Purchaser s ownership of the     Shares.  
   
 3.8   Foreign Corrupt Practices  .   Neither the Company, nor to the knowledge of     the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly,     used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign     or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials     or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed     to disclose     fully     any     contribution     made     by     the     Company     (or     made     by     any     person     acting     on     its     behalf     of which     the     Company     is     aware)     which     is     in     violation     of     law     or     (iv)     violated     in     any     material     respect     any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as     amended.  
   
 3.9   Accountants  .   The Company s independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst       Young LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i)  is  a     registered public     accounting     firm     as     required     by     the     Exchange     Act     and     (ii)     shall     express     its     opinion     with     respect     to the     financial     statements     to     be     included     in     the     Company s     Annual     Report     for     the     fiscal     year     ending December 31, 2016.  
   
 3.10   Office of Foreign Assets Control  .   Neither the Company nor, to the     Company s knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or Person acting on behalf of the Company, is     currently subject     to     any     U.S.     sanctions     administered     by     the     Office     of     Foreign     Assets     Control     of     the     U.S.     Treasury Department.  
   
 3.11   Money Laundering  .   The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at     all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the     Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes     and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the    Money Laundering Laws   ), and     no  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

action,     suit     or     proceeding     by     or     before     any     court     or     governmental     agency,     authority     or     body     or     any arbitrator     involving     the     Company     with     respect     to     the     Money     Laundering     Laws     is     pending     or,     to     the knowledge of the Company,     threatened.  
   
 3.12   Acknowledgement  .     The     Company     acknowledges     and     agrees     that     Purchaser     is     acting solely     in     the     capacity     of     an     arm s     length     purchaser     with     respect     to     this     Agreement     and     the     transactions contemplated     hereby.     The     Company     further     acknowledges     that     Purchaser     is     not     acting     as     a     financial advisor     or     fiduciary     of     the     Company     (or     in     any     similar     capacity)     with     respect     to     this     Agreement     and     the transactions contemplated hereby and any advice given by Purchaser or any of their     respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby     is merely     incidental     to     Purchaser s     purchase     of     the     Shares.     The     Company     further     represents     to     Purchaser that     the     Company s     decision     to     enter     into     this     Agreement     has     been     based     solely     on     the     independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its     representatives.  

4.   
 
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF     PURCHASER     

As a material inducement to the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under   this Agreement, Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company as   follows: 
   
 4.1   Authorization; Enforceability  .   Purchaser has all requisite power and authority     to execute,     deliver     and     perform     this     Agreement.     All     action     on     the     part     of     Purchaser     and,     as     applicable,     its directors, officers, members, partners and shareholders, necessary for the authorization,     execution, delivery and performance of all obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement has been taken.     This Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in     accordance with their terms, except as limited by the Equitable     Exceptions.  

4.2   
 
  Investor Representations  .   

(a)   The Shares acquired by Purchaser hereunder will be acquired by Purchaser for     its own account for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution in violation of the Securities     Act. Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking or agreement with any Person to sell,     transfer or     grant     participation     rights     to     such     Person     or     to     any     other     Person     with     respect     to     any     of     the     Shares acquired by Purchaser     hereunder.  
   
 (b)   Purchaser is an  accredited investor  within the meaning of Rule     501(a) promulgated under the Securities     Act.  
   
 (c)   Purchaser understands that the Shares are characterized as  restricted     securities  under the federal securities laws inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a     transaction not involving a public offering and that under such laws and applicable regulations such securities may     be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances.     Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Shares must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently     registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available or the Company receives     an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company that such registration is not      required. Purchaser     has     been     advised     or     is     aware     of     the     provisions     of     Rule     144     promulgated     under     the     Securities Act as in effect from time to time (   Rule 144   ), which permit limited resale of shares purchased in     a private placement subject to the satisfaction of certain     conditions.  
   
 (d)   Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it can bear the economic risk of     its investment in the Shares and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that it     is capable     of     evaluating     the     merits     and     risks     of     the     investment     in     the     Shares.     Purchaser     believes     that     it     has  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

received     all     the     information     it     considers     necessary     or     appropriate     for     deciding     whether     to     purchase     the Shares     acquired     by     Purchaser     hereunder.     Purchaser     further     represents     that     it     has     had     an     opportunity     to ask     questions     and     receive     answers     from     the     Company     regarding     the     terms     and     conditions     of     the     offering of the     Shares.  
   
 (e)   Purchaser has not agreed to incur, directly or indirectly, any liability     for brokerage or finders  fees, agents  commissions or other similar charges in connection with     this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated     hereby.  
   
 (f)   Purchaser     is     not     relying     and     has     not     relied     on     any     representations     or     warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied, except for     the representations     and     warranties     in     Section     2     and     Section     3  ,     including     the     Company     Disclosure     Schedule. Such representations and warranties by the Company constitute the sole and exclusive representations     and warranties     of     the     Company     in     connection     with     the     transactions     contemplated     by     this     Agreement     and Purchaser understands, acknowledges and agrees that all other representations and warranties of any kind or nature whether express, implied or statutory are specifically disclaimed by the     Company.  
   
 (g)   In connection with the due diligence investigation of the Company by     Purchaser and its affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives or     advisors, Purchaser and its affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives     and advisors     have     received     and     may     continue     to     receive     after     the     date     hereof     from     the     Company     and     its affiliates,     stockholders,     directors,     officers,     employees,     consultants,     agents,     representatives     and     advisors certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as certain     business plan information, regarding the Company and its business and operations.  Purchaser     hereby acknowledges that there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates,     projections, forecasts and other forward-looking statements, as well as in such business plans, and that Purchaser     will have     no     claim     against     the     Company,     or     any     of     its     affiliates,     stockholders,     directors,     officers,     employees, consultants,     agents,     representatives     or     advisors,     or     any     other     Person     with     respect     thereto     unless     any     such information is expressly addressed or included in a representation or warranty contained in     this Agreement.  Accordingly, Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor      any of its respective affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents,     representatives or     advisors,     nor     any     other     Person,     has     made     or     is     making     any     express     or     implied     representation     or warranty with respect to such estimates, projections, forecasts, forward-looking statements or     business plans     unless     any     such     information     is     expressly     addressed     or     included     in     a     representation     or     warranty contained in this     Agreement.  
   
 4.3   Compliance with Laws  .   Neither Purchaser nor, to Purchaser s knowledge, any     director, officer, agent, employee or Person acting on behalf of Purchaser, is currently subject to any      U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury     Department. Purchaser     represents     and     warrants     to     the     Company     as     of     each     Closing     as     follows:     if     Purchaser     is     not     a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), Purchaser has satisfied itself as     to the     full     observance     of     the     laws     of     its     jurisdiction     in     connection     with     any     invitation     to     subscribe     for     the Shares     or     any     use     of     this     Agreement,     including     (i)     the     legal     requirements     within     its     jurisdiction     for     the purchase of the Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii)     any governmental     or     other     consents     that     may     need     to     be     obtained     and     (iv)     the     income     tax     and     other     tax consequences,     if     any,     that     may     be     relevant     to     the     purchase,     holding,     redemption,     sale     or     transfer     of     the Shares. Purchaser s subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Shares     will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Purchaser s     jurisdiction.  

5.   
 
  CONDITIONS TO PURCHASER S OBLIGATIONS AT     CLOSING     

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

The     obligations     of     Purchaser     under     this     Agreement     to     purchase     and     pay     for     the     Shares     being purchased     by     Purchaser     at     each     Closing     are     subject     to     the     satisfaction     or     waiver,     at     or     prior     to     the applicable Closing, of the following     conditions:  
   
 5.1   Representations and Warranties  .   The representations and warranties of the     Company contained     in     Section     2     and     Section     3     of     this     Agreement     and     in     Section     13.1     and     Section     13.3     of     the Collaboration     Agreement     shall     be     true,     correct     and     complete     on     and     as     of     the     Initial     Closing     and     the representations and warranties contained in   Section 2   shall be true, correct and complete as of the     Second Tranche     Closing     and     Third     Tranche     Closing     (except     that     those     representations     and     warranties     which address matters only as of a particular date need only be measured as of the specific date) except that     any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties will be disregarded if they collectively do     not constitute     and     would     not     reasonably     be     expected     to     have     a     Material     Adverse     Effect     on     the     Company     (it being     understood     that     for     purposes     of     determining     the     accuracy     of     any     representation     or     warranties     all Material Adverse Effect and other materiality qualifications contained in such representations     and warranties will be disregarded).  
   
 5.2   Performance  .   The Company shall have performed and complied in all material     respects with all other conditions, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement required to be     performed or complied with by it on or before the applicable     Closing.  
   
 5.3   Legal     Investment  .     On     the     date     of     the     applicable     Closing,     the     sale     and     issuance     of     the Shares     shall     be     legally     permitted     by     all     laws     and     regulations     to     which     Purchaser     and     the     Company     are subject.  
   
 5.4   No Suspension.   Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by      the SEC or the NASDAQ Global Select     Market.  
   
 5.5   Consents and Approvals  .   Any consent required for the consummation of      the transactions     contemplated     by     this     Agreement,     including     without     limitation,     the     issuance     of     the     Shares, shall have been obtained (collectively,    Consents   ). If applicable, the waiting period (or any     extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, required in     order for the Collaboration Agreement to become effective shall have expired or been     terminated.  
   
 5.6   Qualifications  .     All     authorizations,     approvals     or     permits,     if     any,     of     any     Governmental Authority that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to     this Agreement shall have been duly obtained and shall be effective on and as of the applicable     Closing.  
   
 5.7   No Injunction  .   No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or     injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any Governmental Authority of     competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by      this Agreement.  
   
 5.8   Collaboration Agreement  .   The Company shall have executed the     Collaboration Agreement and the Effective Date of the Collaboration Agreement shall have     occurred.  
   
 5.9   Legal Opinion  .   Purchaser shall have received from Cooley LLP, counsel for     the Company,     an     opinion,     dated     as     of     the     Initial     Closing,     in     form     and     substance     reasonably     satisfactory     to counsel for     Purchaser.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

5.10    Compliance Certificate  .   Purchaser shall have received a compliance      certificate, executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of the     date of the Closing, to the effect that the conditions specified in   Sections 5.1   and   5.2   have been     satisfied.  
   
 5.11      Secretary s     Certificate   .   Purchaser shall have received a certificate of the     Company s Secretary certifying as to (A) the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, (B) the     resolutions of     the     Board     of     Directors     approving     this     Agreement     and     the     transactions     contemplated     hereby,     and     (C) good standing certificates with respect to the Company from the applicable authority(ies) in Delaware     and any     other     jurisdiction     in     which     the     Company     is     qualified     to     do     business,     dated     a     recent     date     before     the Closing.  

6.   
 
  CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY S OBLIGATIONS AT     CLOSING   

The obligations of the Company under this Agreement to sell and issue to Purchaser the Shares   to be   purchased   by   Purchaser   at   each   Closing   are   subject   to   the   satisfaction   or   waiver,   at   or   prior   to   the applicable Closing, of the following   conditions: 
   
 6.1   Representations and Warranties  .   The representations and warranties of     Purchaser contained     in     Section     4     shall     be     true,     correct     and     complete     in     all     respects     on     and     as     of     the     applicable Closing with the same force and effect as if they had been made at such time (except that     those representations     and     warranties     which     address     matters     only     as     of     a     particular     date     need     only     be     true, correct and complete in all material respects as of such     date).  
   
 6.2   Performance  .   Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all other     conditions, covenants     and     agreements     contained     in     this     Agreement     required     to     be     performed     or     complied     with     by Purchaser on or before the applicable     Closing.  
   
 6.3   Qualifications  .     All     authorizations,     approvals     or     permits,     if     any,     of     any     Governmental Authority that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to     this Agreement shall have been duly obtained and shall be effective on and as of the applicable     Closing.  
   
 6.4   No Injunction.   No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or     injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any Governmental Authority of     competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by      this Agreement.  
   
 6.5   Consents and Approvals  .   Any Consent required for the consummation of     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation, the issuance of the     Shares, shall     have     been     obtained.     If     applicable,     the     waiting     period     (or     any     extension     thereof)     under     the     Hart- Scott-Rodino     Antitrust     Improvements     Act     of     1976,     as     amended,     required     in     order     for     the     Collaboration Agreement to become effective shall have expired or been     terminated.  
   
 6.6   Collaboration Agreement  .   The Company shall have executed the     Collaboration Agreement and the Effective Date of the Collaboration Agreement shall have     occurred.  

7.   
 
  COVENANTS   

7.1   Purchaser Lock-Up  .   Purchaser covenants and agrees as     follows:  
   
 (a)   Purchaser will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, during     the period     commencing     on     the     date     of     each     Closing     and,     subject     to     the     terms     set     forth     herein,     ending     (i)     180  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

days     after     the     Initial     Closing     with     respect     to     the     Shares     purchased     in     the     Initial     Closing,     or     (ii)     90     days after     the     Second     Tranche     Closing     or     Third     Tranche     Closing,     as     applicable     with     respect     to     the     Shares purchased     in     such     Closing     (each,     a        Lock-Up     Period   ),     (i)     offer,     pledge,     sell,     contract     to     sell,     sell     any option     or     contract     to     purchase,     purchase     any     option     or     contract     to     sell,     grant     any     option,     right     or     warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares purchased in     such Closing or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part,     any of     the     economic     consequences     of     ownership     of     the     Shares,     whether     any     such     transaction     described     in clause     (i)     or     (ii)     above     is     to     be     settled     by     delivery     of     the     Shares     purchased     in     such     Closing,     in     cash     or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may transfer the Shares to any of its shareholders     or Affiliates;   provided   that in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to this subparagraph during     the Lock-Up     Period,     each     donee     or     transferee     shall     sign     and     deliver     a     lock-up     letter     with     terms     substantially similar to the terms of this   Section     7.1  .  
   
 (b)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Purchaser agrees     that Purchaser     shall     not     effect     any     sale,     transfer     or     other     disposition     of     any     Shares     unless:     (a)     such     sale, transfer or other disposition is effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the     Securities Act; (b) such sale, transfer or other disposition is made in conformity with the requirements of Rule     144, as evidenced by a broker s letter and a representation letter executed by Purchaser      (reasonably satisfactory     in     form     and     content     to     the     Company)     stating     that     such     requirements     have     been     met;     or     (c) counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company (which may be counsel to the Company) shall     have advised     the     Company     in     a     written     opinion     letter     (reasonably     satisfactory     in     form     and     content     to     the Company), upon which the Company may rely, that such sale, transfer or other disposition will be     exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities     Act.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding any other provision of this   Section 7.1  , this   Section 7.1   shall     not prohibit     or     restrict     any     disposition     of     Common     Stock     by     Purchaser     in     connection     with     (i)     a     bona     fide tender     offer     by     a     Person     other     than     Purchaser     or     the     Company     that     is     not     opposed     by     the     Board     of Directors and involving a Change of Control of the Company (as defined below); or (ii) an issuer     tender offer     by     the     Company;     provided  ,     that     in     the     event     that     the     tender     offer     is     not     completed,     the     Shares     shall remain     subject     to     the     restrictions     contained     in     this     Section     7.1  .     For     the     purposes     of     this     Agreement,     a    Change of Control    means the transfer, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a     person or     group     of     affiliated     persons,     of     shares     of     capital     stock     of     the     Company     if,     after     such     transfer,     the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transfer do not own at least twenty percent     (20%) of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or the surviving     entity).  
   
 (d)   Purchaser     acknowledges     and     agrees     that     stop     transfer     instructions     will     be     given to the Company s transfer agent with respect to the Shares until the expiration of the Lock-Up     Period.  

7.2   
 
    Registration Rights  .   The Company covenants and agrees as     follows:   

(a)   As     soon     as     practicable,     and     in     any     event     within     thirty     (30)     days     following     the Initial     Closing,     the     Company     shall     register     the     Shares     purchased     at     the     Initial     Closing     on     an     active     Form S-3 or file a new Form S-3 registration statement (or such other form appropriate for such purpose)     under the     Securities     Act.     For     each     Additional     Closing,     if     at     any     time     when     it     is     eligible     to     use     a     Form     S-3 registration statement, the Company shall as soon as practicable, and in any event within thirty (30)     days after     the     date     of     purchase     by     Purchaser,     either     register     on     an     active     Form     S-3     or     file     a     new     Form     S-3 registration statement (or such other form appropriate for such purpose) under the Securities Act     covering all     Registrable     Shares     (as     defined     below)     then     purchased     by     Purchaser     (and,     at     the     discretion     of     the Company,     other     registrable     shares     held     by     other     shareholders),     subject     to     the     limitations     of     Sections     7.2(b)     and     7.2(c)  .     The     Company     shall     maintain     the     effectiveness     of     any     registration     statements     with respect     to     the     Registrable     Shares     in     accordance     with     the     terms     hereof     for     a     period     ending     on     the     date     on  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

which     all     Registrable     Shares     covered     by     such     registration     statement     have     been     sold     pursuant     to     such registration statement or have otherwise ceased to be Registrable Shares. The Company and      the Purchaser agree that the Purchaser will suffer damages if the Company fails to fulfill its obligations     under this   Section 7.2(a)   and that it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with     precision. Accordingly,     if:     (i)     a     registration     statement     is     not     filed     with     the     Commission     within     the     time     period contemplated     hereby;     or     (ii)     a     registration     statement     is     not     declared     effective     by     the     Commission     within the     time     period     contemplated     hereby     (each     such     event     referred     to     in     the     foregoing     clauses     (i)     and     (ii),     a    Registration     Default   ),     then     in     such     event     as     relief     for     the     damages     to     Purchaser     for     the     Registration Default, and not as a penalty, the Company hereby agrees to pay to Purchaser, an amount in cash equal     to 1.0%     of     the     aggregate     purchase     price     of     the     unregistered     Registrable     Shares     held     by     Purchaser     for     each 30-day period (prorated for periods totaling less than 30 days) following the Registration Default until     the earlier to occur of: (1) such time as when the Company cures the Registration Default; and (2) the six     (6) month     anniversary     of     the     applicable     Closing     Date.     The     payments     to     which     a     Holder     shall     be     entitled pursuant to this   Section 7.2(a)   are referred to herein as    Additional Payment Amounts   . The     Company shall     pay     Additional     Payment     Amounts,     if     any,     to     Holders     on     the     earlier     of:     (1)     the     last     day     of     the calendar month during which such Additional Payment Amounts are incurred; and (2) the third     Business Day following the date on which the Registration Default giving rise to the Additional Payment     Amounts is     cured.  
   
 (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, if the Company furnishes     to Purchaser     a     certificate     signed     by     the     Company s     Chief     Executive     Officer     stating     that     in     the     good     faith judgment of the Board of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and     its shareholders for a registration statement with respect to Registrable Shares to either become effective or remain effective for as long as such registration statement otherwise would be required to     remain effective, because such action would (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition,     corporate reorganization     or     other     similar     transaction     involving     the     Company;     (ii)     require     premature     disclosure     of material information that the Company has a   bona fide   business purpose for preserving as confidential;     or  
 (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act or Exchange   Act, then   the   Company   shall   have   the   right   to   defer   taking   action   with   respect   to   such   filing,   and   any   time periods   with   respect   to   filing   or   effectiveness   thereof   shall   be   tolled   correspondingly,   for   a   period   not   to exceed   60   days   after   the   applicable   Closing   Date   for   the   purchase   of   such   Registrable   Shares;    provided , that the Company may not invoke this right more than once in any twelve (12) month   period. 
   
 (c)   The Company shall not be obligated to effect, or to take any action to effect,     any registration pursuant to   Section 7.2(a)   during the period that is 30 days before the Company s good     faith estimate of the date of filing with the SEC of, and ending on a date that is 90 days after the effective     date of, a Company-initiated registration statement pertaining to an underwritten public offering for     the Company s account,   provided   that the Company is actively employing in good faith     commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective;   provided, however  , that     a  Company-initiated registration statement  shall not include a registration statement on Forms S-4 or     S-8 (or any similar or successor form providing for the registration of securities in connection with     mergers, acquisitions,     exchange     offers,     subscription     offers,     dividend     reinvestment     plans     or     stock     option     or     other executive or employee benefit or compensation plans). A registration shall not be counted as      effected  for purposes of this   Section 7.2(c)   until such time as the applicable registration statement has     been declared effective by the SEC, unless Purchaser withdraws its request for such registration, in which case such withdrawn registration statement shall be counted as  effected  for purposes of this   Section     7.2(c)  .  
   
 (d)   All expenses, other than Selling Expenses (as defined below), incurred     in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to this   Section 7.2  , including     all registration, filing and qualification fees; printers  and accounting fees; fees and disbursements of counsel for     the     Company;     and     the     reasonable     fees     and     disbursements,     shall     be     borne     and     paid     by     the     Company.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

All Selling Expenses shall be borne by the Purchaser; or if there are other selling shareholders with     shares being     registered     pursuant     to     such     registration     statement,     then     pro     rata     by     the     selling     shareholders     based on the number of shares sold by such selling shareholder in the     offering.  

(e)   
 
  For the purposes of this   Section     7.2  ,   

(i)      Losses    means any loss, damage, claim or liability (joint or several)     to which a party hereto may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal     or state law, insofar as such loss, damage, claim or liability (or any action in respect thereof) arises out of     or is     based     upon:     (i)     any     untrue     statement     or     alleged     untrue     statement     of     a     material     fact     contained     in     any registration statement of the Company, including any preliminary prospectus or final     prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements thereto; (ii) an omission or alleged omission to     state therein a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein     not misleading;     or     (iii)     any     violation     or     alleged     violation     by     the     indemnifying     party     (or     any     of     its     agents     or Affiliates)     of     the     Securities     Act,     the     Exchange     Act,     any     state     securities     law,     or     any     rule     or     regulation promulgated under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any state securities     law.  
   
 (ii)      Registrable Shares    means the Shares held by Purchaser     including, without limitation, any shares of Common Stock paid, issued or distributed in respect of any such     Shares by     way     of     stock     dividend,     stock     split     or     distribution,     or     in     connection     with     a     combination     of     shares, recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or otherwise, but excluding shares of     Common Stock acquired in the open market before or after the date hereof,   provided, however  , that the Shares     will cease to be  Registrable Shares  when (A) the Shares have been sold pursuant to an effective     registration statement or (B) the Shares proposed to be sold by Purchaser, in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to     the Company, may be distributed to the public without any limitation pursuant to Rule 144 (or any     successor provision then in     effect).  

Purchaser. 

(iii)   

Selling Expenses    means the fees and disbursements of counsel     for     

(f)   With a view to making available to Purchaser the benefits of Rule 144, for     a period     of     one     year     following     the     date     of     the     latest     Closing     pursuant     to     this     Agreement,     the     Company covenants that it will (i) use its commercially reasonable efforts to file in a timely manner all reports     and other     documents     required,     if     any,     to     be     filed     by     it     under     the     Securities     Act     and     the     Exchange     Act     and     the rules     and     regulations     adopted     thereunder     and     (ii)     make     available     information     necessary     to     comply     with Rule 144 with respect to resales of the Registrable Shares under the Securities Act, at all times, all to     the extent required from time to time to enable Purchaser to sell Registrable Shares without registration     under the     Securities     Act     within     the     limitation     of     the     exemptions     provided     by     (A)     Rule     144     (if     available     with respect     to     resales     of     the     Registrable     Shares),     as     such     rule     may     be     amended     from     time     to     time     or     (B)     any other rules or regulations now existing or hereafter adopted by the     SEC.  
   
   (g)   To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, and the partners, members, officers, directors, and stockholders of Purchaser; legal counsel     and accountants for Purchaser; any underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act) for Purchaser; and     each Person,     if     any,     who     controls     Purchaser     or     underwriter     within     the     meaning     of     the     Securities     Act     or     the Exchange     Act,     against     any     Losses,     and     the     Company     will     pay     to     Purchaser,     underwriter,     controlling Person, or other aforementioned Person any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred thereby     in connection with investigating or defending any claim or proceeding from which Losses may result,     as such     expenses     are     incurred;     provided  ,     however  ,     that     the     indemnity     agreement     contained     in     this     Section     7.2(g)   shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such claim or proceeding if such settlement       is effected without the consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, nor shall  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

the     Company     be     liable     for     any     Losses     to     the     extent     that     they     arise     out     of     or     are     based     upon     actions     or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by or on behalf     of any     the     Purchaser,     underwriter,     controlling     Person,     or     other     aforementioned     Person     expressly     for     use     in connection with such     registration.  
   
 (h)   To the extent permitted by law, Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold     harmless the Company, each of the directors of the Company, each of the officers of the Company who shall     have signed     a     registration     statement,     and     each     other     Person,     if     any,     who     controls     the     Company     within     the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any Losses to which they or any of them     may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses     (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue     statement of a material fact contained in a registration statement or any document incorporated by reference in     such document,     or     arise     out     of     or     are     based     upon     the     omission     or     alleged     omission     to     state     therein     a     material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the     circumstances under     which     they     were     made,     not     misleading,     in     each     case     to     the     extent,     but     only     to     the     extent,     that     any such     Loss     arises     out     of     or     is     based     upon     any     such     untrue     statement     or     alleged     untrue     statement     or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in strict conformity with     written information     furnished     to     the     Company     by     or     on     behalf     of     Purchaser     for     use     therein;     provided  ,     however  , that the indemnity agreement contained in this   Section 7.2(h)   shall not apply to amounts paid      in settlement of any such claim or proceeding if such settlement is effected without the consent of     the Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld;. The maximum aggregate amount     of indemnifiable Losses that may be recovered from the Purchaser under the provisions of this     Section     7.2(h)   shall be the aggregate value of the consideration received for the     Shares.  
   
 (i)   Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this   Section 7.2   of notice     of the commencement of any action (including any governmental action) for which a party may be     entitled to     indemnification     hereunder,     such     indemnified     party     will,     if     a     claim     in     respect     thereof     is     to     be     made against any indemnifying party under this   Section 7.2  , give the indemnifying party notice of     the commencement thereof. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in such action and,     to the     extent     the     indemnifying     party     so     desires,     participate     jointly     with     any     other     indemnifying     party     to which notice has been given, and to assume the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to     the parties;   provided  ,   however  , that an indemnified party (together with all other indemnified parties that     may be     represented     without     conflict     by     one     counsel)     shall     have     the     right     to     retain     one     separate     counsel,     with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if representation of such indemnified party     by the counsel retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential     differing interests between such indemnified party and any other party represented by such counsel in such     action. The failure to give notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of     any such     action     shall     relieve     such     indemnifying     party     of     any     liability     to     the     indemnified     party     under     this   Section 7.2  , to the extent that such failure materially prejudices the indemnifying party s ability to     defend such action. The failure to give notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve it of any liability that     it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this   Section     7.2  .  
   
 (j)   To provide for just and equitable contribution to joint liability under     the Securities     Act     in     any     case     in     which     either:     (i)     any     party     otherwise     entitled     to     indemnification     hereunder makes a claim for indemnification pursuant to this   Section 7.2   but it is judicially determined (by the     entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal     or the     denial     of     the     last     right     of     appeal)     that     such     indemnification     may     not     be     enforced     in     such     case, notwithstanding the fact that this   Section 7.2   provides for indemnification in such case, or      (ii) contribution under the Securities Act may be required on the part of any party hereto for     which indemnification is provided under this   Section 7.2  , then, and in each such case, such parties      will contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages, liabilities, or expenses to which they may be     subject  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(after contribution from others) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of each     of the     indemnifying     party     and     the     indemnified     party     in     connection     with     the     statements,     omissions,     or     other actions     that     resulted     in     such     loss,     claim,     damage,     liability,     or     expense,     as     well     as     to     reflect     any     other relevant     equitable     considerations. The     relative     fault     of     the     indemnifying     party     and     of     the     indemnified party     shall     be     determined     by     reference     to,     among     other     things,     whether     the     untrue     or     allegedly     untrue statement of a material fact, or the omission or alleged omission of a material fact, relates to     information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the parties  relative      intent, knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or     omission;   provided  ,     however  ,     that,     in     any     such     case     (x)     Purchaser     will     not     be     required     to     contribute     any     amount     in excess     of     the     public     offering     price     of     all     such     Registrable     Securities     offered     and     sold     by     Purchaser pursuant     to     such     registration     statement,     and     (y)     no     Person     guilty     of     fraudulent     misrepresentation     (within the     meaning     of     Section     11(f)     of     the     Securities     Act)     will     be     entitled     to     contribution     from     any     Person     who was not guilty of such fraudulent     misrepresentation.  

(a)   Prior to each Closing, the Company will promptly advise Purchaser in writing     of any     notice     or     other     communication     from     any     third     Person     alleging     that     the     consent     of     a     third     Person     is required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this     Agreement.  
   
 (b)   Prior     to     each     Closing,     each     party     shall     promptly     notify     the     other     of     any     action, suit     or     proceeding     that     is     instituted     or     specifically     threatened     in     writing     against     such     party     to     restrain, prohibit or otherwise challenge the legality of any transaction contemplated by this     Agreement.  
   
 7.4   Standstill  .   During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending  on     the earliest of (i) five (5) years following the Effective Date,   [***]   neither the Purchaser nor any of Purchaser s representatives or affiliates will, in     any manner, directly or     indirectly:  
   
 (a)   make,     effect,     initiate     or     cause     (i)     any     [***]     to     the extent that   [***]   would result in   [***]  , (ii) any   [***]   of any   [***]   or any   [***]   of     the     Company,     (iii)     any     [***]   involving   [***]  , or  involving   [***]   or     any   [***]   or (iv) any   [***]   provided  ,   however  , that notwithstanding     the provisions of this   Section 7.4(a)(i)  ,   [***]   as     a     result     of     a     [***]   shall not be required to   [***]   even though such action   [***]  ;  
   
 (b)   [***]   with respect to the   [***]  ;  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)    [***]  ;  
   
 (d)   [***]   of this   Section     7.4  ;  
   
 (e)   [***]   of this     sentence;  
   
 (f)   [***]   of this     sentence;  
   
 (g)   [***]  ;     or  
   
 (h)   [***]   in this   Section     7.4  .  
   
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that  [***]  by this  Section 7.4 , and    [***]  by this  Section 7.4 ;  [***] . 
   
 7.5   Commercial Reasonable Efforts  .   Each Party will use its  commercially     reasonable efforts     to     satisfy     in     a     timely     fashion     each     of     the     conditions     to     be     satisfied     by     it     under     Section     5     and   Section 6   of this     Agreement.  
   
 7.6   Securities     Laws     Disclosure;     Publicity  .     The     Company     shall,     by     9:00     a.m.     (New     York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing     the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and shall, within four (4) Trading Days     following the date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the     transactions contemplated     hereby     and     including     this     Agreement     as     an     exhibit     thereto.     The     Company     and     Purchaser shall     consult     with     each     other     regarding     the     substance     of     any     public     disclosure     by     either     party     regarding this Agreement or the Collaboration Agreement (including the filing of either agreement as an exhibit to     a periodic     filing     with     the     SEC)     and     regarding     the     issuance     of     any     other     press     releases     with     respect     to     the transactions     contemplated     hereby,     and     neither     the     Company     nor     Purchaser     shall     issue     any     such     press release     nor     otherwise     make     any     such     public     statement     without     the     prior     consent     of     the     Company,     with respect     to     any     press     release     of     Purchaser,     or     without     the     prior     consent     of     Purchaser,     with     respect     to     any press     release     of     the     Company,     which     consent     shall     not     unreasonably     be     withheld     or     delayed,     except     if such     disclosure     is     required     by     law,     in     which     case     the     disclosing     party     shall     promptly     provide     the     other party with prior notice of such public statement or     communication.  
   
 7.7   Shareholder Rights Plan  .   No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or,     with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser is an  Acquiring Person  under any     control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights     agreement) or     similar     anti-takeover     plan     or     arrangement     in     effect     or     hereafter     adopted     by     the     Company,     or     that Purchaser     could     be     deemed     to     trigger     the     provisions     of     any     such     plan     or     arrangement,     by     virtue     of receiving Shares under this Agreement or under any other agreement among the Company and     Purchaser.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

7.8    Indemnification of Purchaser  .   Subject to the provisions of this   Section 7.8  ,     the Company will indemnify and hold Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members,     partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding     such titles     notwithstanding     a     lack     of     such     title     or     any     other     title),     each     Person     who     controls     Purchaser     (within the     meaning     of     Section     15     of     the     Securities     Act     and     Section     20     of     the     Exchange     Act),     and     the     directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a     functionally equivalent     role     of     a     Person     holding     such     titles     notwithstanding     a     lack     of     such     title     or     any     other     title)     of such controlling persons (each, a    Purchaser Party   ) harmless from any and all losses,     liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid     in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys  fees and costs of investigation that any such     Purchaser Party     may     suffer     or     incur     due     to     a     claim     by     a     third     party     as     a     result     of     or     relating     to     any     action     instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by     any stockholder     of     the     Company     who     is     not     an     Affiliate     of     such     Purchaser     Parties,     with     respect     to     any     of     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (unless such action is based upon a breach of      such Purchaser     Party s     representations,     warranties     or     covenants     under     this     Agreement     or     any     agreements     or understandings such Purchaser Parties may have with any such stockholder or any violations by     such Purchaser Parties of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Parties     which constitutes     fraud,     gross     negligence,     willful     misconduct     or     malfeasance).     If     any     action     shall     be     brought against     any     Purchaser     Party     in     respect     of     which     indemnity     may     be     sought     pursuant     to     this     Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the     right to     assume     the     defense     thereof     with     counsel     of     its     own     choosing     reasonably     acceptable     to     the     Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action     and participate     in     the     defense     thereof,     but     the     fees     and     expenses     of     such     counsel     shall     be     at     the     expense     of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically     authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume     such defense     and     to     employ     counsel     or     (iii)     in     such     action     there     is,     in     the     reasonable     opinion     of     counsel,     a material     conflict     on     any     material     issue     between     the     position     of     the     Company     and     the     position     of     such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses     of no     more     than     one     such     separate     counsel     for     all     Purchaser     Parties     entitled     to     indemnification     hereunder. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by     a Purchaser     Party     effected     without     the     Company s     prior     written     consent,     which     shall     not     be     unreasonably withheld     or     delayed;     or     (z)     to     the     extent,     but     only     to     the     extent     that     a     loss,     claim,     damage     or     liability     is attributable to any Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants     or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement. The  indemnity agreements      contained herein     shall     be     in     addition     to     any     cause     of     action     or     similar     right     of     any     Purchaser     Party     against     the Company     and     any     liabilities     that     the     Company     may     be     subject     to     pursuant     to     law.     The     Company     will have the exclusive right to settle any claim or proceeding, provided that the Company will not settle     any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Purchaser Party, which will     not be     unreasonably     withheld     or     delayed;     provided,     however,     that     such     consent     shall     not     be     required     if     the settlement     includes     a     full     and     unconditional     release     satisfactory     to     the     Purchaser     Party     from     all     liability arising     or     that     may     arise     out     of     such     claim     or     proceeding     and     does     not     include     a     statement     as     to     or     an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Purchaser Party.     Notwithstanding the     foregoing,     in     no     event     will     the     Company s     liability     under     this     Section     7.8     exceed     an     aggregate     of  
 $3,000,000. 
   
 7.9   Listing of Common Stock  .   The Company hereby agrees to  use      commercially reasonable     efforts     to     maintain     the     listing     or     quotation     of     the     Common     Stock     on     the     NASDAQ     Global Select     Market.  
   
 7.10   Form D; Blue Sky Filings  .   The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect     to the Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request     of  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Purchaser.     The     Company     shall     take     such     action     as     the     Company     shall     reasonably     determine     is     necessary in     order     to     obtain     an     exemption     for,     or     to     qualify     the     Shares     for,     sale     to     Purchaser     at     each     Closing     under applicable     securities     or      Blue     Sky      laws     of     the     states     of     the     United     States,     and     shall     provide     evidence     of such actions promptly upon request of     Purchaser.  
   
 7.11   Book Entry Statement  .   The Company hereby agrees to deliver to Purchaser a      book entry     statement     from     the     Transfer     Agent     showing     the     Initial     Closing     Shares,     Second     Tranche     Shares     or Third Tranche Shares, as applicable, registered in the name of Purchaser within three (3) business days     of the applicable     Closing.  

8.   
 
  SURVIVAL OF     REPRESENTATIONS     

All representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements of the Company hereunder   shall be deemed made on and as of each Closing as though such representations, warranties, covenants   and other   agreements   were   made   on   and   as   of   such   date.   All   representations   and   warranties   made   by   a   party to this Agreement herein or pursuant hereto shall survive each Closing and the delivery of the Shares for   a period   of   18   months   thereafter.   All   covenants   and   other   agreements   made   by   a   party   to   this   Agreement herein or pursuant hereto shall survive until all obligations set forth therein shall have been performed   or satisfied or they shall have terminated in accordance with their   terms. 

9.   
 
  TERMINATION     

9.1   Termination  .   This Agreement may be terminated at any time until the Initial     Closing:  
   
 (a)   by the mutual written consent of Purchaser and the     Company;  
   
 (b)   by the Company or the Purchaser upon termination of the     Collaboration Agreement in accordance with its     terms;  
   
 (c)   by     the     Company     if     (i)     any     of     the     representations     and     warranties     of     Purchaser contained in   Section 4   of this Agreement shall fail to be true and correct or (ii) there shall be a breach     by Purchaser     of     any     covenant     of     Purchaser     in     this     Agreement     that,     in     either     case,     (A)     would     result     in     the failure     of     a     condition     set     forth     in     Section     6  ,     and     (B)     which     is     not     curable     or,     if     curable,     is     not     cured     upon the occurrence of the twentieth (20  th  ) day after written notice thereof is given the Company to     Purchaser;  
   
 (d)   by     Purchaser     if     (i)     any     of     the     representations     and     warranties     of     the     Company contained in   Section 2   or   Section 3   of this Agreement shall fail to be true and correct or (ii) there shall     be a     breach     by     the     Company     of     any     covenant     of     the     Company     in     this     Agreement     that,     in     either     case,     (A) would result in the failure of a condition set forth in   Section 5  , and (B) which is not curable or, if     curable, is     not     cured     upon     the     occurrence     of     the     twentieth     (20  th  )     day     after     written     notice     thereof     is     given     by Purchaser to the Company;     or  
   
 (e)   by     either     Purchaser     or     the     Company     in     the     event     that     any     court     of     competent jurisdiction     or     Governmental     Authority     shall     have     issued     an     order,     decree     or     ruling     or     taken     any     other action     restraining,     enjoining     or     otherwise     prohibiting     the     actions     contemplated     hereby     and     such     order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and     nonappealable.  
   
 9.2   Effect of Termination  .   In the event of any termination of this Agreement as provided     in   Section 9.1  , this Agreement (other than   Section 10  , which shall remain in full force and effect)     shall forthwith     become     wholly     void     and     of     no     further     force     and     effect;     provided     that     nothing     herein     shall relieve any party from liability for willful breach of this     Agreement.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

10.1   Successors and Assigns  .   Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and     conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective  successors     and permitted     assigns     of     the     parties     (including     any     permitted     transferees     of     any     Shares).     Purchaser     and     the Company may not assign their respective rights or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in     part, except with the consent of the other party;   provided, however  , the rights and obligations of Purchaser     may be     assigned,     without     the     prior     written     consent     of     the     Company,     to     one     or     more     of     Purchaser s     affiliates. Any attempted assignment made in contravention of this Agreement shall be null and void and of no     force or effect.  
   
 10.2   Entire Agreement  .   This Agreement and the Collaboration Agreement  and     the documents,     schedules     and     exhibits     referred     to     herein     or     therein     constitute     the     entire     agreement     between the parties and supersede all prior communications, representations, understandings and agreements of     the parties     with     respect     to     the     subject     matter     hereof     and     thereof.     No     party     shall     be     liable     or     bound     to     any other party in any manner by any warranties, representations or covenants except as specifically set     forth herein or therein. All schedules and exhibits hereto are hereby incorporated herein by reference.     Nothing in     this     Agreement,     express     or     implied,     is     intended     to     confer     upon     any     third     party     any     rights,     remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in     this Agreement.  
   
 10.3   General Interpretation  .   The terms of this Agreement have been negotiated  by     the parties hereto and the language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by     the parties     hereto     to     express     their     mutual     intent.     This     Agreement     shall     be     construed     without     regard     to     any presumption     or     rule     requiring     construction     against     the     party     causing     such     instrument     or     any     portion thereof to be drafted, or in favor of the party receiving a particular benefit under this Agreement. No     rule of strict construction will be applied against any     Person.  
   
 10.4   Injunctive Relief  .   Purchaser and the Company acknowledge and agree that, in view     of the     uniqueness     of     the     Shares,     damages     at     law     would     be     insufficient     for     any     breach     by     Purchaser     or     the Company of any of their respective covenants in this Agreement. Accordingly, each party agrees that     in the     event     of     any     breach     or     threatened     breach     by     the     other     party     of     any     provisions     of     this     Agreement,     the non-breaching     party     be     entitled     to     seek     equitable     relief     in     the     form     of     an     order     to     specifically     perform     or an injunction to prevent irreparable     injury.  
   
 10.5   Governing     Law  .     This     Agreement     shall     be     governed     by     and     construed     in     accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law     thereof.  
   
 10.6   Jurisdiction  .   The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to     the jurisdiction     of     the     United     States     District     Court     for     the     Southern     District     of     New     York     for     the     purpose     of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this     Agreement.  
   
 10.7   Counterparts  .   This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and     by the     parties     hereto     in     separate     counterparts,     each     of     which     when     so     executed     shall     be     deemed     to     be     an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and  may     be delivered to the other parties hereto by     facsimile.  
   
 10.8   Section     Headings     and     References  .     The     section     headings     contained     herein     are     for     the convenience of the parties and in no way alter, modify, amend, limit or restrict the contractual     obligations of the parties. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section or Exhibit, such reference is to     a Section     or     Exhibit     of     or     to     this     Agreement     unless     otherwise     indicated. The     words      hereof,       herein,   
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

hereto      and      hereunder      and     words     of     similar     import,     when     used     in     this     Agreement,     shall     refer     to     this Agreement     as     a     whole     and     not     to     any     particular     provision     of     this     Agreement.     The     terms     defined     in     the singular     has     a     comparable     meaning     when     used     in     the     plural,     and     vice     versa.     References     to     a     Person     are also     to     its     successors     and     permitted     assigns.     References     to     an     agreement     are     to     such     agreement     as amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented, from time to time. The term  dollars  and      $  means United States dollars. The word  including  means  including without limitation  and the     words  include  and  includes  have corresponding     meanings.  
   
 10.9   Severability  .   If any term of provision of this Agreement is determined to be     illegal, unenforceable or invalid in whole or in part for any reason, such illegal, unenforceable or     invalid provisions or party thereof shall be stricken from this Agreement, and such provision shall not affect     the legality, enforceability or validity of the remainder of this Agreement. If any provision or part thereof     of this     Agreement     is     stricken     in     accordance     with     the     provisions     of     this     Section     10.9  ,     then     such     stricken provision     shall     be     replaced,     to     extent     possible,     with     a     legal,     enforceable     and     valid     provision     that     is     as similar in tenor to the stricken provision as is legally     possible.  
   
 10.10   Notices  .     All     notices     required     or     permitted     hereunder     shall     be     in     writing     and     shall     be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when received     by facsimile     or     email     (provided     that     the     party     providing     such     notice     promptly     confirms     receipt     of     such transmission     with     the     other     party),     (c)     when     received     after     having     been     sent     by     registered     or     certified mail,     return     receipt     requested     and     postage     prepaid     or     (d)     when     received     after     deposit     with     a     nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt.     All communications shall be sent to the Company and to Purchaser at the address as set forth below or at     such other     address     as     Purchaser     or     the     Company     may     designate     by     10     days     advance     written     notice     to     the Company (in the case of Purchaser) or Purchaser (in the case of the     Company).  
   
 if to the   Company: 
   
 Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical   Inc. 60 Leveroni   Ct. 
 Novato, CA   94949 
 Attn: Chief Financial   Officer Facsimile: 
 Email: 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice)   to: Cooley   LLP 
 Attn: Glen Y   Sato 3175 Hanover   Street Palo Alto, CA   94304 
 Facsimile: (650)   849-7400 Email:   gsato@cooley.com 
   
 if to   Purchaser: 
   
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company   Limited 1-1 Doshomachi   4-chome, 
 Chuo-ku, Osaka   540-8645 
 Attention: Head of Global Business   Development Facsimile:  (+81)   3-3278-2323 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

with copies (which shall not constitute notice)   to: 
   
 Takeda Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,   Inc. One Takeda   Parkway 
 Deer Field, IL   60015 
 Attention: General Counsel, Legal   Department Facsimile:   224-554-7831 
   
 and 
   
 Morgan, Lewis   Bockius   LLP Attn:  Randall B.   Sunberg 
 Emilio   Ragosa 502 Carnegie   Center 
 Princeton, NJ   08540 
 Facsimile:  (609)   919-6701 
 Email:   randall.sunberg@morganlewis.com emilio.ragosa@morganlewis.com 

10.11   Amendments and Waivers  .   Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this     Agreement, any     term     of     this     Agreement     may     be     amended     and     the     observance     of     any     term     of     this     Agreement     may     be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with     the written consent of each party hereto (with respect to an amendment) and the written consent of each     party from     whom     a     waiver     is     sought     (with     respect     to     a     waiver).     No     waiver     of     any     provision     or     consent     to     any action     shall     constitute     a     waiver     of     any     other     provision     or     consent     to     any     other     action,     whether     or     not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent or commit a  party  to provide a waiver in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in     writing.  
   
 10.12   Expenses  .     Except     with     respect     to     the     registration     of     the     Shares     pursuant     to     Section     7.2  , each party hereto will pay its own expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated     hereby.  
   
 10.13   Persons Entitled to Benefits of Agreement.   This Agreement is intended for the     benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and is not for the benefit of,     nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other     person.  
   
 10.14   Further Assurances  .   The Company and Purchaser shall use their     commercially reasonable efforts, in the most expeditious manner practicable, to satisfy or cause to be satisfied the     intent and     purposes     of     this     Agreement     by     executing     and     delivering     such     instruments,     documents     and     other writings as may be reasonably necessary or     desirable.  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have duly executed this Common Stock     Purchase Agreement  effective as of the date first above written.  

COMPANY: 
   
 ULTRAGENYX  PHARMACEUTICAL   INC. 

By:          /s/ Emil Kakkis                                            
 Name:  Emil Kakkis 
 Title:     CEO  
 Date:     June 6, 2016  
   
 PURCHASER: 

TAKEDA PHARMACEUTICAL   COMPANY LIMITED 
   
 By:          /s/ Misako Hamamura                                            
 Name:  Misako Hamamura 
 Title:     Head of JP Strategy   BD  
 Date:     June 6, 2016  

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 

Exhibit A  

Collaboration and License Agreement  
   
 See attached. 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

LICENSE AND COLLABORATION   AGREEMENT 

BY AND   BETWEEN 
   
 TAKEDA PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY   LIMITED AND 
 ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL   INC. JUNE 6,   2016 

1 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

LICENSE AND COLLABORATION   AGREEMENT 
   
 This   License   and   Collaboration   Agreement    (this        Agreement   )     is     made     as     of     the     6th day     of     June,     2016     (the        Execution     Date   )     by     and     between    Takeda   Pharmaceutical   Company Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Japan having its principal place of     business at 1-1, Doshomachi 4-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 540-8645, Japan (   Takeda   ), and  Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. , a company incorporated under the laws of California, having its     principal place of business at 60 Leveroni Court, Novato, CA 94949, United States     (   Ultragenyx   ). Ultragenyx and Takeda are sometimes referred to herein individually as a    Party        and collectively as the        Parties  .   
   
 RECITALS 
   
 WHEREAS , Takeda has developed certain compounds and products     potentially applicable to rare genetic disease     indications;  
   
 WHEREAS , Ultragenyx is a pharmaceutical company with significant experience     with the development of products for rare genetic disease indications;     and  
   
 WHEREAS ,     Ultragenyx     and     Takeda     desire     to     establish     a     collaboration     for     the     further development and commercialization of certain products potentially applicable to rare     genetic disease and other     indications.  
   
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements     set forth below, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which     are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as     follows:  
   
     ARTICLE 1        DEFINITIONS 
   
 1.1      [***] Development Plans    has the meaning set forth in Section     4.3(b).  
   
 1.2      [***] License Negotiation Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.1(a).  
   
 1.3      [***] Option    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.1(a).  
   
 1.4      [***] Option Term    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.1(a).  
   
 1.5      [***] Patent Prosecution    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.3(a).  
   
   1.6      [***] Compound        means     [***].  
   
 2 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.7      [***] Product    means any pharmaceutical product that contains a [***] Compound, including     all     forms,     presentations,     strengths,     doses     and     formulations     (including     any     method     of delivery).  
   
 1.8      [***] Research Plan    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.3(a).  
   
 1.9      Accounting     Standards        mean     GAAP     in     the     case     of     Ultragenyx     and     IFRS     in     the     case     of Takeda.  
   
 1.10      Affiliate    means, with respect to a particular Party, a person, corporation, partnership,     or other     entity     that     controls,     is     controlled     by     or     is     under     common     control     with     such     Party.     For     the purposes of this definition, the word  control  (including, with correlative meaning, the     terms  controlled     by      or      under     the     common     control     with )     means     the     actual     power,     either     directly     or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, to direct or cause the direction of the     management and     policies     of     such     entity,     whether     by     the     ownership     of     fifty     percent     (50%)     or     more     of     the voting stock of such entity, or by contract or     otherwise.  
   
 1.11      Agreement    has the meaning set forth in the     preamble.  
   
 1.12      Alliance Manager    means the person appointed by each Party from within     their respective organization to coordinate and facilitate the communication, interaction     and cooperation of the Parties pursuant to this     Agreement.  
   
 1.13      Applicable Laws    means all applicable statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules, or     orders of     any     kind     whatsoever     of     any     Governmental     Authority,     including     the     U.S.     Food,     Drug     and Cosmetic     Act,     (21     U.S.C.      301     et     seq.)     (the        FFDCA   ),     Prescription     Drug     Marketing     Act,     the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992 (21 U.S.C.  335a et seq.), U.S. Patent Act (35 U.S.C.      1 et seq.), Federal Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C.  3729 et seq.), and the Anti-Kickback     Statute (42     U.S.C.      1320a-7b     et     seq.),     all     as     amended     from     time     to     time,     together     with     any     rules, regulations, and compliance guidance promulgated     thereunder.  
   
 1.14      Bankruptcy Laws    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.6(b).  
   
 1.15      Bayh-Doyle     Act        means     the     Patent     and     Trademark     Law     Amendments     Act     of     1980,     as amended,     codified     at     35     U.S.C.            200-212,     as     well     as     any     regulations     promulgated     pursuant thereto, including 37 C.F.R. Part 401, and any successor statutes or     regulations.  
   
 1.16      [***] License Agreement    means the License Agreement by and between     Ultragenyx and [***].  
   
 1.17      Breaching Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.2(a).  
   
 1.18      Bulk Drug Product    means a Product that has been Manufactured into a     final pharmaceutical product, including drug substance (e.g., tablets or granules) for administration     to humans     in     accordance     with     Applicable     Laws,     but     has     not     been     Packaged     for     use     in     Clinical Trials or for     Commercialization.  
 3 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.19      Business Day    means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on     which commercial     banks     located     in     the     State     of     New     York,     U.S.,     or     Japan,     are     authorized     or     obligated by Applicable Laws to     close.  
   
 1.20      Calendar Quarter    means the respective periods of three (3) consecutive  calendar months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; provided, however,     that  
 (a)   the     first     Calendar     Quarter     of     the     Term     shall     extend     from     the     Effective     Date     to     the     end     of     the first     complete     Calendar     Quarter     thereafter;     and     (b)     the     last     Calendar     Quarter     of     the     Term     shall end upon the expiration or termination of this     Agreement.  
   
 1.21      Calendar Year    means the twelve-month period ending on December 31;     provided however, that (a) the first Calendar Year of the Term, shall begin on the Effective Date and     end on     December     31,     2016;     and     (b)     the     last     Calendar     Year     of     the     Term     shall     end     on     the     date     of expiration or termination of this     Agreement.  
   
 1.22      Candidate Product    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.2(a).  
   
 1.23      Change     of     Control        of Ultragenyx means if: (a) any Third Party acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of any voting security of Ultragenyx, or if the percentage ownership of such person or entity in the voting securities of Ultragenyx is increased through stock redemption, cancellation or other recapitalization, and immediately after such  acquisition or increase such Third Party is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of all of the then- outstanding voting securities of Ultragenyx; (b) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, or reorganization of Ultragenyx, other than any such transaction, which would result in stockholders or equity holders of Ultragenyx, or an Affiliate of Ultragenyx, immediately prior to such transaction owning at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding securities of the surviving entity (or its parent entity) immediately following such transaction;  (c) the stockholders or equity holders of Ultragenyx approve a plan of complete liquidation of Ultragenyx, or an agreement for the sale or disposition by Ultragenyx of all or a substantial portion of Ultragenyx s assets, other than pursuant to the transaction as described above or to an Affiliate; or (d) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of Ultragenyx s assets which relate to this Agreement.  
   
 1.24      Claim    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.1.  
   
 1.25      Clinical     Trial        means     any     human     clinical     study     or     trial     of     a     pharmaceutical     product     in the Licensed Field in the Territory, including Phase I Trials, Phase II Trials, Phase III Trials     and Phase IV     Trials.  
   
 1.26      Collaboration Activities    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.2(a).  
   
 1.27    Collaboration Term    means (a) with respect to [***] Products, twenty-four (24) months from     the     Effective     Date     and     (b)     other     than     with     respect     to     [***] Products, five (5) years from the Effective Date, unless, in case of each of the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), (i) extended by     mutual agreement of the Parties, or (ii) terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of     this  
 4 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Agreement;   provided   that   if   at   the   expiration   of   the   foregoing   period,   an   Option   Negotiation Period is then ongoing, the Collaboration Term with respect to such Option Product   will automatically extend until the earlier of (A) expiration of such Option Negotiation Period or   (B) execution of the applicable Option Product License   Agreement. 
   
 1.28      Combination Product    means a Product that is comprised of or contains a Compound     as an active ingredient together with one (1) or more other active ingredients and is sold by a     Party, or     any     of     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees,     either     as     a     fixed     dose     or     as     separate     doses     as     one     (1) product.  
   
 1.29      Commercialization    means all activities undertaken in support of the     promotion, marketing, sale and distribution (including importing, exporting, transporting, customs     clearance, warehousing,     invoicing,     handling     and     delivering     the     applicable     Product     to     customers)     of     the applicable     Product,     including     Manufacturing     Product     for     commercial     sale,     sales     force     efforts, detailing, advertising, marketing, the creation and approval of Promotional Materials, sales     and distribution, pricing, customer and government contracting, and medical affairs,     including medical education, medical information, clinical science liaison activities, health economics     and outcomes research, publications and investigator initiated research studies.        Commercialize    means to engage in Commercialization     activities.  
   
 1.30      Commercialization Plan    means, as applicable, (a) a plan prepared by     Ultragenyx pursuant     to     Section     5.3     containing     an     overview     of     the     general     strategy     and     a     high-level     budget for the promoting and marketing of the Licensed Products in the Ultragenyx Field in     the Territory or (b) a plan prepared by Takeda pursuant to Section 5.3 containing an overview of     the general strategy for the promoting and marketing of the Licensed [***] Product in the      Takeda Field in the     Territory.  
   
 1.31      Commercially Reasonable Efforts    means with respect to the efforts to be expended,     or considerations to be undertaken, by a Party or its Affiliates with respect to any objective,     activity or     decision     to     be     undertaken     under     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     the     Compounds     or     Products, the commercially reasonable efforts, expertise, and resources commonly used by such Party for     a product     owned     by     it     or     to     which     it     has     exclusive     rights     in     the     applicable     territory,     which,     as compared     with     a     Product,     is     of     similar     market     potential,     at     a     similar     stage     in     its     development     or product     life,     and     involves     similar     risks,     all     as     measured     based     upon     the     facts     and     circumstances at the time such efforts are due, taking into account issues of: efficacy and safety,     the competitiveness     of     alternative     products     sold     by     Third     Parties,     the     product     profile     (including Labeling), the proprietary protection and regulatory exclusivity, the expected and actual profitability and return on investment, and all other similar relevant     factors.  
   
 1.32      Committee    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.3(a).  
   
 1.33      Common     Stock     Purchase     Agreement        means     the     common     stock     purchase     agreement entered into on even date hereof by and between Ultragenyx and Takeda (or one of its     Affiliates) providing for Takeda s (or one of its Affiliate s) purchase of common stock of     Ultragenyx.  
   
 5 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.34      Competing     Product        means     [***].  
   
 1.35      Compound        means     the     Licensed     [***]     Compound,     a     Licensed     Analog     Compound,     [***] Compound, Candidate Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Compound, as     applicable.  
   
 1.36      Confidential Information    means all non-public or proprietary Information disclosed     by a Party to the other Party under this Agreement, which may include ideas,     inventions, discoveries, concepts, compounds, compositions, formulations, formulas, practices,     procedures, processes, methods, knowledge, know-how, trade secrets, technology, inventories,     machines, techniques, development and commercialization plans and related information,     designs, drawings, computer programs, skill, experience, documents, apparatus, results, clinical     and regulatory strategies, regulatory documentation, information and submissions pertaining to,     or made in association with, filings with any Regulatory Authority, data,     including pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data, analytical and quality control     data, manufacturing data and descriptions, Patent and legal data, market data, financial data     or descriptions,     devices,     assays,     chemical     formulations,     specifications,     material,     product     samples and     other     samples,     physical,     chemical     and     biological     materials     and     compounds,     and     the     like, without     regard     as     to     whether     any     of     the     foregoing     is     marked      confidential      or      proprietary,      or disclosed in oral, written, graphic, or electronic form. Confidential Information shall include:     (a) the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (b) Confidential Information disclosed by     either Party pursuant to the Confidentiality     Agreement.  
   
 1.37      Confidentiality Agreement    means the Mutual Confidential Disclosure Agreement dated March 13, 2015 by and between Takeda Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. and     Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical     Inc.  
   
 1.38      Control    means, with respect to any Information, Patent, trademark or other     intellectual property right, ownership or possession by a Party, including its Affiliates, of the ability     (without taking     into     account     any     rights     granted     by     one     Party     to     the     other     Party     under     the     terms     of     this Agreement)     to     grant     access,     a     license     or     a     sublicense     to     such     Information,     Patent,     trademark     or other intellectual property right without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement     with,     or     necessitating     the     consent     of,     any     Third     Party,     at     such     time     that     the     Party would     be     first     required     under     this     Agreement     to     grant     the     other     Party     such     access,     license     or sublicense.  
   
 1.39      Cover   ,    Covering    or    Covered    means, with respect to a product, technology,     process or     method,     that,     in     the     absence     of     ownership     of     or     a     license     granted     under     a     Valid     Claim,     the practice     or     Exploitation     of     such     product,     technology,     process     or     method     would     infringe     such Valid     Claim     (or,     in     the     case     of     a     Valid     Claim     that     has     not     yet     issued,     would     infringe     such     Valid Claim if it were to     issue).  
   
 1.40      Cure Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.2(a).  
   
 1.41      Data Package    means the Final [***] Data Package, Final Phase II Data Package or     Final Phase III Data Package, as     applicable.  
 6 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.42      Development    means all non-clinical and clinical drug development activities,     including toxicology, pharmacology, and other non-clinical efforts, statistical analysis, the performance     of Clinical     Trials,     including     the     Manufacturing     of     the     applicable     Product     for     use     in     the     Clinical Trials, or other activities necessary to obtain or maintain, Regulatory Approval of the     applicable Products.      Development      shall     exclude     Commercialization     activities.     When     used     as     a     verb,    Develop    means to engage in Development     activities.  
   
 1.43      Disclosing Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     14.1.  
   
 1.44      Dispute    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.1.  
   
 1.45      Effective     Date        means     the     date     this     Agreement     becomes     effective,     as     determined     in accordance with Section     18.1.  
   
 1.46      EMA        means     the     European     Medicines     Agency     or     any     successor     agency     or     authority having substantially the same     function.  
   
 1.47      EU        means     all     of     the     European     Union     member     states     as     of     the     applicable     time     during the Term.  
   
 1.48      Execution Date    has the meaning set forth in the     preamble.  
   
 1.49      Exercised Countries    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(c).  
   
 1.50      Exercised Product License Agreement    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(d).  
   
 1.51      Exercised Products    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(c).  
   
 1.52      Expert    means a disinterested, conflict-of-interest-free individual who is neutral     and independent of both Parties and all of their respective Affiliates and sublicensees and who,     with respect to a dispute concerning a financial, commercial, scientific or regulatory matter,     possesses appropriate expertise to resolve such dispute. Neither the Expert (nor any of the Expert s     current or     former     employers)     shall     be     or     have     been     at     any     time,     to     the     Knowledge     of     the     Parties,     an employee,     officer,     director     or,     during     the     previous     five     (5)     years,     a     consultant     or     contractor     of either Party or any of its     Affiliates.  
   
 1.53      Exploit    or    Exploitation    means to research, import, Manufacture, have     Manufactured, export distribute, use, have used, sell, have sold, or offer for sale, including to     Develop, Commercialize, register, modify, enhance, improve or otherwise dispose     of.  
   
 1.54      FDA    means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency     thereto.  
   
 1.55      Final     [***]     Data     Package        means     all     information     the     Parties     agree     that     Ultragenyx     shall provide     to     or     give     access     to     Takeda     at     the     conclusion     of     the     activities     contemplated     under     the Initial [***] Development Plan for a given Licensed [***] Product as it relates to the Takeda     Field, but     which     will     include     at     a     minimum     (a)     validated     and     reproducible     tables,     listings     and     graphs, (b) all adverse event listings, safety narratives, CMC data and information, and     applicable  
 7 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Regulatory   Documentation,   (c)   preclinical   study   results   and   final,   if   possible,   or   preliminary toxicology   and   pharmacology   reports,   and   (d)   a   preliminary   Phase   I   report   and   all   Phase   I clinical   data. 
   
 1.56      Final Phase II Data Package    means on a Product-by-Product basis, all Information     the Parties agree that Ultragenyx shall provide to or give access to Takeda at the conclusion of     a Phase II Clinical Trial and after database lock, but which will include at a minimum (a)     validated and reproducible tables, listings and graphs, (b) all adverse event listings, safety narratives,     CMC data and information, and applicable Regulatory Documentation, (c) final, if possible,     or preliminary     toxicology     and     pharmacology     reports,     (d)     the     Phase     I     final     report     and     all     Phase     I clinical data, and (e) a preliminary Phase II report and all Phase II clinical     data.  
   
 1.57      Final Phase III Data Package    means, on a Product-by-Product basis, all Information     the Parties agree that Ultragenyx shall provide to or give access to Takeda at the conclusion of     a Phase III Clinical Trial and after database lock, but which will include at a minimum     (a) validated     and     reproducible     tables,     listings     and     graphs,     (b)     all     adverse     event     listings,     material safety narratives, CMC data and information, and applicable Regulatory Documentation,      (c) final, if possible, or preliminary toxicology and pharmacology reports, (d) the Phase I final     report and all Phase I clinical data to the extent not previously provided to Takeda, (e) the Phase II     final report     and     all     Phase     II     clinical     data     to     the     extent     not     previously     provided     to     Takeda,     and     (f)     the preliminary Phase III report and all Phase III clinical     data.  
   
 1.58      Finished Product    means Bulk Drug Product that has been Packaged into a form     suitable for use in Clinical Trials or for Commercial purposes (i.e., bottles or blisters), including     samples, in accordance with Applicable     Laws.  
   
 1.59      First Commercial Sale    means, on a country-by-country basis, the first sale of a     Product under this Agreement by a Party, its Affiliates or its sublicensees to an end user or prescriber     for use, consumption or resale of the Product in a country in the applicable territory in the     applicable field where Regulatory Approval of the Product has been obtained and where the sale results in     a recordable     Net     Sale.     Sale     of     a     Product     under     this     Agreement     by     a     Party     to     an     Affiliate     or     a sublicensee     of     such     Party     shall     not     constitute     a     First     Commercial     Sale     unless     such     Affiliate     or such     sublicensee     is     the     end     user     of     such     Product.     Also,     sale     of     a     Product     under     this     Agreement by     a     Party,     its     Affiliates     or     its     sublicensees     in     a     jurisdiction     where     Regulatory     Approval     for     that Product has not yet been attained shall not constitute a First Commercial Sale under     this Agreement.  
   
 1.60   Force     Majeure        means     any     event     beyond     the     reasonable     control     of     the     affected     Party including: embargoes; war or acts of war, including terrorism; insurrections, riots, or civil     unrest; strikes, lockouts or other labor disturbances; epidemics, fire, floods, earthquakes or other acts     of nature; or acts, omissions or delays in acting by any governmental authority (including      the refusal     of     the     competent     government     agencies     to     issue     required     Regulatory     Approvals     due     to reasons other than the affected Party s negligence or willful misconduct or  any other     cause within     the     reasonable     control     of     the     affected     Party),     and     failure     of     plant     or     machinery     (provided that such failure could not have been prevented by the exercise of skill, diligence, and     prudence  
   
 8 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

that would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from a skilled and experienced person   engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same or similar   circumstances). 
   
 1.61      FTE    means eighteen hundred (1800) hours of work per full Calendar Year     (or equivalent     pro-rata     portion     thereof     for     a     period     less     than     twelve     (12)     months)     devoted     to     or     in support of the Development of the applicable Products in accordance with the Research Plans     or the Manufacturing of a Product or the provision of Research Support (but excluding, for     clarity, time spent travelling to and attending meetings under this Agreement and scientific and     medical conferences), that is carried out by one or more qualified scientific or technical employees     or contract     personnel     of     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     as     such     hours     are     measured     in     accordance     with Takeda s     normal     time     allocation     practices.     For     the     avoidance     of     doubt,     FTE     only     applies     to employees of a Party, and does not apply to contractors of     Takeda.  
   
 1.62      FTE     Cost        means,     for     any     period,     the     FTE     Rate     multiplied     by     the     number     of     FTEs     in such     period.  
   
 1.63      FTE Rate    means a rate of [***] per FTE per Calendar Year (pro-rated for the period beginning on the Effective     Date and ending at the end of the first Calendar Year) for personnel engaged in     Development activities.     Such     rate     shall     be     adjusted     annually,     with     each     annual     adjustment     effective     as     of January     1     of     each     calendar     year     (with     the     first     such     annual     adjustment     to     be     made     as     of     January 1,     2018)     to     correspond     with     the     total     percentage     change     in     the     Consumer     Price     Index     for     All Urban     Consumers     (CPI-U)     for     the     U.S.     City     Average,     1982-84     =     100,     calculated     by     the     U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics over the twelve (12)-month period preceding each such January     1.  
   
 1.64      GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles current in the     U.S.  
   
 1.65      Generic Competition Percentage    means, with respect to any Product in a given     country in     the     Territory     or     Takeda     Territory     (as     applicable),     all     units     of     the     Generic     Product(s)     for     such Product, sold in the aggregate in such country divided by the sum of: (a) all units of the     Product sold     in     such     country,     and     (b)     all     units     of     the     Generic     Product(s)     sold     in     the     aggregate     in     such country,     where,     in     each     case,     the     number     of     units     of     a     Product     and     each     Generic     Product     sold shall     be     based     on     the     average     of     the     monthly     IMS     data     (or     IMS-equivalent     data     if     IMS     data     are not     available).  
   
 1.66      Generic Product    means, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis,     any pharmaceutical product sold by a Third Party, other than as a sublicensee to this Agreement     that:  
 (a) contains the same active ingredients as the applicable Product, in the same dosage form   (e.g., oral)   as   the   applicable   Product;   or   (b)   is   A/B   Rated   with   respect   to   such   Product   or   otherwise approved by the Regulatory Authority in such country as a substitutable generic for   such Product; or (c) is approved in the applicable field by a Regulatory Authority pursuant to an   NDA filed   by   a   Third   Party   under   Section   505(b)(2)   or   505(j)(2)   of   the   FFDCA   (or   an   equivalent Regulatory   Approval   Application   filed   outside   the   U.S.),   contains   the   active   ingredients   in   the Product,   and   relies   on   the   finding   of   safety   and/or   effectiveness   in   the   Regulatory   Approval   of the Product. For the purposes of this definition,  A/B Rated  means, inside the   U.S.,  therapeutically   equivalent    as    determined   by   the   FDA,   applying   the   definition        of 
 9 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

therapeutically equivalent  set forth in the preface to the then-current edition of the   FDA publication    Approved   Drug   Products   With   Therapeutic   Equivalence   Evaluations   and,   outside the U.S., such equivalent determination by the applicable Regulatory Authorities as is   necessary to permit pharmacists or other individuals authorized to dispense pharmaceuticals   under Applicable Law to substitute one product for another product in the absence of   specific instruction from a physician or other authorized prescriber under Applicable   Law.  
   
 1.67      Good Clinical Practices   ,    GCP    or    cGCP    means the then-current standards,     practices and procedures promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as set forth in the guidelines adopted by the International Conference on Harmonization (   ICH   ), titled  Guidance for Industry E6     Good Clinical Practice: Consolidated Guidance,  (or any successor document) including     related regulatory requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable regulatory standards, practices     and procedures     promulgated     by     the     EMA,     PMDA     or     other     Regulatory     Authority     applicable     to     the Territory, as they may be updated from time to     time.  
   
 1.68      Good Laboratory Practices   ,    GLP   , or    cGLP    means the then-current     standards, practices     and     procedures     promulgated     or     endorsed     by     the     FDA     as     set     forth     in     21     C.F.R.     Part     58 (or any successor statute or regulation), including related regulatory requirements imposed by     the FDA and comparable regulatory standards, practices and procedures promulgated by the     EMA, PMDA     or     other     Regulatory     Authority     applicable     to     the     Territory,     as     they     may     be     updated     from time to time, including applicable guidelines promulgated under the     ICH.  
   
 1.69      Good Manufacturing Practices   ,    GMP   , or    cGMP    means the then-current     good manufacturing     practices     required     by     the     FDA,     as     set     forth     in     the     FFDCA,     as     amended,     and     the regulations promulgated thereunder, for the manufacture and testing of pharmaceutical     materials, and comparable Applicable Law related to the manufacture and testing of     pharmaceutical materials     in     jurisdictions     outside     the     U.S.,     including     the     quality     guideline     promulgated     by     the ICH designated ICH Q7A, titled  Q7A Good Manufacturing Practice Guidance for     Active Pharmaceutical     Ingredients      and     the     regulations     promulgated     thereunder,     in     each     case     as     they may be updated from time to     time.  
   
 1.70      Governmental Authority    means any multi-national, federal, state, local, municipal     or other government authority of any nature (including any governmental division,     subdivision, department, agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council, court or other     tribunal).  
   
 1.71      Hatch-Waxman     Act        means     the     Drug     Price     Competition     and     Patent     Term     Restoration Act, 21 U.S.C. 355, as     amended  
   
 1.72      House Mark    means the trademark that a Party uses to identify its     commercial operations.  
   
 1.73      HSR Act    means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,     as amended, and the rules promulgated     thereunder.  
   
 1.74      HSR Conditions    means the following conditions, collectively: (a) the waiting     period under     the     HSR     Act     shall     have     expired     or     earlier     been     terminated;     (b)     no     injunction     (whether  
 10 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

temporary, preliminary or permanent) prohibiting consummation of the transaction   contemplated by this Agreement or any material portion hereof shall be in effect; (c) no judicial   or administrative proceeding opposing consummation of all or any part of this Agreement shall   be pending; and (d) no requirements or conditions shall have been imposed by the United   States Department of Justice or Federal Trade Commission (as applicable) in  connection  with   the filings by the Parties under the HSR Act, other than requirements or conditions that   are satisfactory to the Party on whom such requirements or conditions are   imposed. 
   
 1.75      HSR     Filing        means     filings     with     the     United     States     Federal     Trade     Commission     and     the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice of a Notification and Report     Form for Certain Mergers and Acquisitions (as that term is defined in the HSR Act) with respect to     the subject matter of this Agreement, together with all required documentary attachments     thereto.  
   
 1.76      IFRS    means the International Financial Reporting Standards as promulgated by     the International Standards Accounting Board and as they may be updated for time to     time.  
   
 1.77      IND        means     an     Investigational     New     Drug     application     as     defined     in     the     FFDCA,     as amended, and applicable regulations promulgated hereunder by the FDA, or a clinical     trial authorization application for a product filed with a Regulatory Authority in any other     regulatory jurisdiction     outside     the     U.S.,     the     filing     of     which     is     necessary     to     commence     or     conduct     clinical testing of a pharmaceutical product in humans in such     jurisdiction.  
   
 1.78      IND Date    means the date on which ownership of Product INDs is transferred or a     right of reference is granted pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(i), in the case of transfers or grants     to Ultragenyx, or pursuant to Section 9.2(b)(i), in the case of transfers to     Takeda..  
   
 1.79      Indemnifying Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.3(a).  
   
 1.80      Indemnitee    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.3(a).  
   
 1.81      Information    means information, Inventions, discoveries, compounds,     compositions, formulations, formulas, practices, procedures, processes, methods, knowledge, trade     secrets, technology, techniques, designs, drawings, correspondence, computer programs,     documents, apparatus, results, strategies, regulatory documentation, information and submissions     pertaining to,     or     made     in     association     with,     filings     with     any     Regulatory     Authority     or     patent     office,     data, including     pharmacological,     toxicological,     non-clinical     and     clinical     data,     analytical     and     quality control data, manufacturing data and descriptions, market data, financial data or     descriptions, devices, assays, chemical formulations, specifications, material, product samples and     other samples,     physical,     chemical     and     biological     materials     and     compounds,     and     the     like,     in     written, electronic, oral or other tangible or intangible form, now known or hereafter developed,     whether or not     patentable.  
   
   1.82      Initial [***] Development Plan    means the plan (including timeline and budget)     covering preliminary     Development     activities     to     be     completed     by     Ultragenyx     and     Takeda     (to     the     extent expressly     provided     in     such     plan)     for     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Licensed     Field     attached  
   
 11 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

hereto   as   Exhibit   1.82,   as   such   plan   may   be   amended   from   time   to   time   pursuant   to   Section 2.1(a)(v). 
   
 1.83      Inventions    means any and all inventions, discoveries and developments, whether or     not patentable, made, conceived or reduced to practice in the course of performance of     this Agreement,     whether     made,     conceived     or     reduced     to     practice     solely     by,     or     on     behalf     of,     Takeda, Ultragenyx, the Parties jointly, or any Affiliate of the     same.  
   
 1.84      Joint Know-How    means all Information included in the Joint     Inventions.  
   
 1.85      Joint Intellectual Property    means, collectively, Joint Know-How and Joint     Patents.  
   
 1.86      Joint Invention    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.1(b).  
   
 1.87      Joint Patents    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.3(c).  
   
 1.88      Joint Research Committee    or    JRC    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.2(a).  
   
 1.89      Joint Steering Committee    or    JSC    has the meaning set forth in Section     2.1(a).  
   
 1.90      Knowledge        means,     as     applied     to     a     Party,     that     such     Party     shall     be     deemed     to     have knowledge     of     a     particular     fact     or     other     matter     to     the     extent     that     a     person     within     the     Knowledge Group knew of such fact or other     matter.  
   
   1.91      Knowledge Group    means, with respect to each Party, the individuals holding     the positions listed on   Exhibit 1.91  ; provided that if one or more of the individuals listed on     Exhibit  
 1.191   no   longer   holds   the   same   position   or   title   set   forth   opposite   his/her   name,   (a)   such   person shall   continue   to   be   considered   part   of   the   Knowledge   Group,   and   (b)   his/her   replacement   shall also be considered part of the Knowledge   Group. 
   
 1.92      Labeling    means the healthcare professional information or patient information used     in the Territory that is part of the Product Regulatory Approval including the package     insert, medication guides, company core safety information (CCSI) and company core data     sheet (CCDS).  
   
 1.93      Lead Regulatory Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     9.1.  
   
   1.94      Licensed     [***]     Compound        means     [***] as further described on, and with the chemical structure set forth in,   Exhibit 1.94  .  
   
 1.95      Licensed [***] Know-How    means Information related to the (a) Licensed     [***] Compound, Controlled by Takeda as of the Execution Date or during the Term, and/or     (b) Licensed Analog Compound specified in the Agreement Controlled by Takeda as of     the Execution Date, in each case including data, reports, and materials related to preclinical     studies, regulatory     filings/correspondence,     and     chemistry,     manufacturing     and     controls     and     necessary     or  
   
 12 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

reasonably useful for the Exploitation of a Licensed [***] Compound or a Licensed   Analog Compound. 
   
 1.96      Licensed [***] Patent    means the Patent that is Controlled by Takeda as of the     Execution Date     identified     as     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     on     Exhibit     1.168  ,     and     all     Patents     Controlled     by Takeda during the Term that claim priority to such     Patent.  
   
 1.97      Licensed     [***]     Product        means     any     pharmaceutical     product     that     contains     the     Licensed [***] Compound, including all forms, presentations, strengths, doses and formulations     (including any method of     delivery).  
   
 1.98      Licensed     [***]     Technology        means     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     and     Licensed     [***]     Know- How.  
   
   1.99      Licensed Analog Compounds    means (a) the compounds with the chemical     structures listed     on     Exhibit     1.99     and     (b)     any     structures     defined     by [***]     where     approved     by     the     JSC     pursuant     to     Section     2.1(a)(iii))     [***], that are disclosed in the Licensed [***]     Patent and that are developed pursuant to, and as specified in, a mutually agreed research      plan conducted by Ultragenyx involving modifications to such structures.   Exhibit 1.99   shall     be updated from time to time to include those chemical structures described in the     foregoing subclause     (b).  
   
 1.100      Licensed Analog Product    means any pharmaceutical product that contains a     Licensed Analog Compound, including all forms, presentations, strengths, doses and     formulations (including any method of     delivery).  
   
 1.101      Licensed Field    means [***].  
   
 1.102      Licensed Option Product    means any Option Product for which the Parties     have executed an Option Product License     Agreement.  
   
 1.103      Licensed Product    means the Licensed [***] Products and Licensed Analog Products,     as applicable.  
   
   1.104      Licensed Product Improvement    means any Invention related to the Licensed     [***] Compound, Licensed Analog Compounds, or Licensed Products made (a) solely by, or on     behalf of,     Ultragenyx     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees     under     this     Agreement     or     (b)     solely     by     Takeda     or its     Affiliates     under     this     Agreement.     For     clarity,     (i)     employees     of     Ultragenyx     or     its     Affiliates     or sublicensees, or their respective agents or independent contractors receiving consideration     from Ultragenyx     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees     in     the     course     of     conducting     activities     under     this Agreement,     shall     be     considered      solely     by,     or     on     behalf     of      pursuant     to     this     Section     1.104,     and  
 (ii) neither Takeda nor any of its Affiliates shall, under any circumstances under this   Agreement, be considered an agent or independent contractor of Ultragenyx or any of its Affiliates   or sublicensees for purposes of this Section   1.104. 
   
 13 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.105      Licensed     Product     Improvement     Patents        means     Patents     that     Cover     Licensed     Product Improvements that do not claim priority (in accordance with Section 1.129) to the Licensed     [***] Patent.  
   
 1.106      Licensed Product Royalty Term    means, on a country-by-country and Licensed     Product- by-Licensed Product basis, the period commencing on the First Commercial Sale of     such Licensed Product in such country in the Territory and ending upon the later of (a) ten (10)     years after First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product in such country, (b) the expiration in     such country     of     the     last     Valid     Claim     from     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     that     Covers     the     composition,     or method of making or using, such Licensed Product, or (c) the expiration of the     applicable Regulatory Exclusivity of a Licensed     Product.  
   
 1.107      Listed Compounds    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.1.  
   
 1.108      Loss    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.1.  
   
 1.109      Marketing Authorization Application    or    MAA    means an application for     Regulatory Approval (but excluding Pricing Approval) in any particular jurisdiction other than the     U.S.  
   
 1.110      Manufacture    means all activities related to the manufacturing of a Finished Product     or Bulk     Drug     Product,     including     the     manufacture     of     any     ingredient     used     therein,     for     Development or     Commercialization     in     the     Territory,     packaging,     in-process     and     Product     testing,     validation, release of Product or any component or ingredient thereof, quality assurance activities related     to manufacturing     and     release     of     Product,     ongoing     stability     tests,     Packaging     of     Bulk     Drug     Product into Finished Product and regulatory activities related to any of the     foregoing.  
   
 1.111      NDA    means a New Drug Application or supplemental New Drug Application     as contemplated by Section 505(b) of the FFDCA, as amended, and the regulations     promulgated thereunder,     submitted     to     the     FDA     pursuant     to     Part     314     of     Title     21     of     the     U.S.     Code     of     Federal Regulations, including any amendments     thereto.  
   
 1.112      Net Sales    means, with respect to any Product and calculated in accordance     with Accounting     Standards     consistently     applied     across     Products,     the     gross     revenue     recognized     by     a Party, its Affiliates and sublicensees for sales of such Product to Third Parties, less the     following deductions, to the extent such deductions are paid, incurred or otherwise taken, reasonable     and customary, provided to Third Parties, and actually allowed with respect to such     sales:  
   
 (a)   reasonable     cash,     trade     or     quantity     discounts,     charge-back     payments,     and     rebates actually     granted     to     trade     customers,     managed     health     care     organizations,     pharmaceutical     benefit managers, group purchasing organizations and national, state, or local government;     and  
   
 (b)   credits, rebates or allowances actually allowed upon prompt payment or     on account of claims, damaged goods, rejections or returns of such Product, including in     connection with     recalls,     and     the     actual     amount     of     any     write-offs     for     bad     debt     (not     to     exceed     one     percent (1%)) (provided that an amount subsequently recovered will be treated as Net     Sales)  
   
 14 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   inventory management fees and costs of freight, carrier insurance, and     other transportation charges directly related to the distribution of such Product;     and  
   
 (d)   taxes, duties or other governmental charges (including (i) any tax such as a     value added     or     similar     tax,     other     than     any     taxes     based     on     income,     and     (ii)     any     payments     made     to     the Pharmaceutical     and     Medical     Device     Agency     (   Kiko   )     based     on     Section     19     or     22     of     the      Act     on Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (Act No.192 of 2002) ) directly levied on     or measured by the billing amount for such Product, as adjusted for rebates and     refunds.  
   
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received or invoiced by a Party, its Affiliates   or sublicensees   for   the   sale   of   such   Product   among   a   Party,   its   Affiliates   or   sublicensees   for   resale shall   not   be   included   in   the   computation   of   Net   Sales   hereunder.   In   any   event,   any   amounts received or invoiced by a Party, its Affiliates and sublicensees shall be accounted for only   once. For   purposes   of   determining   Net   Sales,   a   Product   shall   be   deemed   to   be   sold   when   the   revenue generated from such sale is recognized in accordance with the Accounting Standards. Each   Party shall record such Net Sales as the  principal  and not the  agent  as defined under   the Accounting Standards. For clarity, a particular deduction may only be accounted for once in   the calculation of Net Sales and no deductions may be made for the annual fee on prescription   drug manufacturers imposed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub.  L.  No.   111-148 (as amended). Net Sales shall exclude any samples of a Product transferred or disposed of at   no cost for promotional, Development or educational   purposes. 
   
 The Net Sales of any Combination   Product: 
   
 (i)   for which the Product(s) and other active ingredient(s) of     such Combination     Product     are     sold     separately     by     a     Party,     or     any     of     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees,     in such     country,     then     Net     Sales     for     such     Combination     Product     in     such     country     shall     be     calculated by     multiplying     actual     Net     Sales     of     such     Combination     Product     in     such     country     by     the     fraction A/(A+B), where A is the average Net Sales price of the Product as the only active     ingredient(s), as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such country, and B is     the average     net     sales     (calculated     in     a     manner     analogous     to     the     manner     in     which     Net     Sales     are calculated     as     set     forth     above)     price     of     the     other     active     ingredient(s)     in     the     Combination     Product as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such     country;  
   
 (ii)   for     which     the     (A)     Licensed     Product     of     such     Combination     Product     is/are sold     separately     by     a     Party     or     any     of     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees     in     such     country     and     (B)     the other active ingredient(s) in the Combination Product is/are not sold separately by a Party or     any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such country, then Net Sales for such Combination Product     in such country shall be calculated by multiplying actual Net Sales of such Combination Product     in such country by the fraction A/D, where A is the average Net Sales price of the Licensed     Product as the only active ingredient(s), as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates     or sublicensees in such country, and D is the average Net Sales price of the Combination Product     as sold separately by a Party or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees in such country;     and  
   
 (iii)   for which neither clause (i) nor clause (ii) above is applicable, the     Parties shall     determine     Net     Sales     for     such     Combination     Product     in     such     country     by     mutual     agreement  
 15 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

based   on   the   relative   contribution   of   the   Licensed   Product   and   the   other   active   ingredient(s)   in the Combination   Product. 
   
 1.113      Neutral Expert    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.3(a).  
   
 1.114      Non-breaching Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.2(a).  
   
 1.115      Notice Date    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.3(a).  
   
 1.116      Option Negotiation Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.12(a).  
   
 1.117      Option Notice    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.12(a).  
   
 1.118      Option Product    means (a) a Candidate Product selected pursuant to Section 6.10 or     (b) a [***] Product, as     applicable.  
   
   1.119      Option Product Improvements    means any Invention related to a [***] Product or     another Research Product made (a) solely by, or on behalf of, Ultragenyx or its Affiliates or     sublicensees under this Agreement, or (b) solely by Takeda or its Affiliates under this Agreement. For     clarity,  
 (i) employees of Ultragenyx or its Affiliates or sublicensees, or their respective agents   or independent contractors receiving consideration from Ultragenyx or its Affiliates or   sublicensees in the course of conducting activities under this Agreement, shall be considered  solely by, or   on behalf   of    pursuant   to   this   Section   1.119,   and   (ii)   neither   Takeda   nor   any   of   its   Affiliates   shall, under any circumstances under this Agreement, be considered an agent or independent   contractor of Ultragenyx or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees for purposes of this Section   1.119. 
   
 1.120      Option Product Improvement Patents    means Patents Covering Option     Product Improvements.  
   
 1.121      Option Product Key Terms    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.10(a).  
   
 1.122      Option Product Know-How    means all Information Controlled by Takeda as of     the Execution Date and during the Term that is necessary or reasonably useful for, as applicable,     (a) Ultragenyx     to     evaluate     whether     to     exercise     the     Ultragenyx     Option     or     (b)     Ultragenyx     to     Exploit an     Option     Product     solely     in     accordance     with     the     activities     to     be     performed     by     Ultragenyx     or     its Affiliates or sublicensees under the Option Product Research     Plan.  
   
 1.123      Option Product License Agreement    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.12(a).  
   
 1.124      Option     Product     Patents        means     all     Patents     Controlled     by     Takeda     as     of     the     Execution Date and during the Term that are necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of     the Option Product(s) in the Ultragenyx Field in the     Territory.  
   
 1.125      Option Product Research Plan    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.10(a).  
   
 1.126      Option Product Technology    means the Option Product Patents and Option     Product Know-How.  
 16 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.127      Packaging        means     all     activities     related     to     the     preparation     of     Bulk     Drug     Product     into Finished Product, including application of the approved Labeling.  Packaged  means that     Bulk Drug Product has been subject to complete     Packaging.  
   
 1.128      Party    has the meaning set forth in the     preamble.  
   
   1.129      Patents    means all patents, including any utility or design patent, and all     applications thereof, including any provisional application, whether in the Territory or any other     jurisdiction; any other patent or patent application claiming priority to (a) any such specified patent or     patent application     or     (b)     any     patent     or     patent     application     from     which     such     specified     patent     or     patent application claim priority; and (c) all divisionals, continuations, continuations     in-part, registrations, reissues, re-examinations, renewals, supplemental protection certificates,     or extensions of (a) or     (b).  
   
 1.130      Patent Term Extension    means any term extensions, supplementary     protection certificates and equivalents thereof offering Patent protection beyond the initial term with     respect to any issued     Patents.  
   
 1.131      Person    means an individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited     partnership, limited     liability     partnership,     corporation,     limited     liability     company,     business     trust,     joint     stock company, trust, incorporated association, joint venture or similar entity or      organization, including a government or political subdivision, department or agency of a     government.  
   
 1.132      Phase I Trial    means a clinical trial of a Product with the endpoint of determining     initial tolerance, safety, pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic information in single dose,     single ascending dose, multiple dose and/or multiple ascending dose     regimens.  
   
 1.133      Phase II Trial    means a clinical trial of a Product on patients, including     possibly pharmacokinetic,     pharmacodynamic     and     dose-ranging     studies,     the     principal     purposes     of     which are     to     make     a     preliminary     determination     that     such     product     is     safe     for     its     intended     use     and     to obtain sufficient information about such product s efficacy or dose-response information     to permit the design of further clinical     trials.  
   
 1.134      Phase     III     Trial        means     a     pivotal     clinical     trial     of     a     Product     on     a     sufficient     number     of patients,     which     trial     is     designed     to     (a)     establish     that     a     product     is     safe     and     efficacious     for     its intended use; (b) define warnings, precautions and adverse reactions that are associated with     the product in the dosage range to be prescribed; and (c) pivotal to support submission of     a Regulatory Approval Application for such     product.  
   
 1.135      Phase     IV     Trial        means     a     clinical     trial     of     a     Product,     including     pharmacokinetic     studies, which     trial     (a)     is     not     required     in     order     to     obtain     Regulatory     Approval     of     an     indication;     and     (b) either     (i)     is     required     by     the     Regulatory     Authority     as     mandatory     to     be     conducted     on     or     after     the Regulatory     Approval     of     an     indication,     or     (ii)     is     conducted     voluntarily     to     enhance     marketing     or scientific     knowledge     of     the     product     (e.g.,     providing     additional     drug     profile,     outcomes     research, safety data or marketing support information, or supporting expansion of product     labeling).  
   
 17 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.136      PMDA    means Japan s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency and     any successor agency(ies) or authority having substantially the same     function.  
   
   1.137      Preexisting Third Party IP    means those intellectual property rights owned or     controlled by Third Parties as of the Execution Date that are necessary or reasonably useful for     the Exploitation of Licensed Products and which are set forth in   Exhibit     1.137  .  
   
 1.138      Pricing Approval    means governmental approval, agreement, determination or     decision establishing     prices     that     can     be     charged     and/or     reimbursed     for     a     Product     in     a     jurisdiction     where the applicable Governmental Authority or Regulatory Authority approves or determines     the pricing of pharmaceutical     products.  
   
 1.139      Product    means any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed     Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, as applicable.  
   
 1.140      Product     Complaint        means     all     data,     which     come     to     the     attention     of     either     Party,     its Affiliates or its sub-licensees, concerning any dissatisfaction regarding a Product of such a     nature and magnitude that it is required under Applicable Laws to be collected, maintained and     reported to a Regulatory Authority, including reports of actual or suspected product     tampering, contamination, mislabeling or inclusion of improper     ingredients.  
   
   1.141      Product     IND        means     any     IND     filed     in     the     Territory     related     to     a     Product,     whether     in existence as of the Effective Date or filed with the FDA during the Term, including     any supplements or amendments thereto. The Product INDs as of the Execution Date are set forth     on   Exhibit 1.141  .  
   
 1.142      Product Liabilities    means all losses, damages, fees, costs and other liabilities     incurred by     a     Party,     its     Affiliate     or     its     sublicensee     and     resulting     from     or     relating     to     the     any     use     of     a Compound and/or a Product in a human (including in Clinical Trials and/or pursuant     to Commercialization) in the Territory, other than any losses, damages, fees, costs and     other liabilities     that     are     a     result     of     a     Party s,     its     Affiliates      or     its     sublicensee s     negligence,     willful misconduct     or     breach     of     such     Party s     representations     and     warranties     made     hereunder.     For     the avoidance of doubt, Product Liabilities include, reasonable attorneys  and experts  fees and     costs relating     to     any     claim     or     potential     claim     against     a     Party,     its     Affiliate,     or     its     sublicensee     and     all losses, damages, fees, costs. Product Liabilities shall not include liabilities  associated     with recalls and/or the voluntary or involuntary withdrawal of the Compound and/or a     Product.  
   
 1.143      Promotional     Materials        means     all     written,     printed,     graphic,     electronic,     audio     or     video presentations of information, including journal advertisements, sales visual aids,     formulary binders, reprints, direct mail, direct-to-consumer advertising, disease awareness     materials, internet     postings,     broadcast     advertisements     and     sales     reminder     aides     (for     example,     note     pads, pens and other such items, if appropriate) intended for use or used by or on behalf of a Party,     its Affiliates or its sublicensees in connection with the Commercialization of a Product in     the Territory.  

18 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.144      Product Regulatory Approval    means any Regulatory Documentation filed in     the Territory     which     is     related     to     a     Product     in     the     Licensed     Field,     whether     in     existence     as     of     the Effective Date or filed with the applicable Regulatory Authority during the Term, including     any supplements or amendments     thereto.  
   
 1.145      Product Trademarks    has the meaning set forth in Section     5.5(a).  
   
 1.146      PVA    has the meaning set forth in Section     9.8(a)(i).  
   
 1.147      Receiving Party    has the meaning set forth in Section     14.1.  
   
 1.148      Regulatory Approval    means any approval or authorization, including     Pricing Approvals, of any Regulatory Authority that is necessary for the Manufacture, use,     storage, import, transport and/or sale of a Product in accordance with Applicable     Laws.  
   
 1.149      Regulatory Approval Application    means an NDA or BLA, or any     corresponding application for Regulatory Approval in the Territory, including: (a) with respect to the     European Union, an MAA filed with the EMA pursuant to the Centralized Approval Procedure or with     the applicable Regulatory Authority of a country in Europe with respect to the     decentralized procedure,     mutual     recognition     or     any     national     approval     procedure;     and     (b)     an     MAA     filed     with the     PMDA,     including,     in     each     case,     all     supplements,     amendments,     variations,     extensions     and renewals     thereof.  
   
 1.150      Regulatory Authority    means any applicable Governmental Authority involved     in granting Regulatory Approval in a country or jurisdiction in the Territory, including in the     U.S., the FDA and any other applicable Governmental Authority in the U.S. having jurisdiction over     a Product;     in     the     EU,     the     EMA     or     any     competent     Government     Authority     in     the     EU;     in     Japan,     the PMDA; and any other applicable Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a     Product.  
   
 1.151      Regulatory Documentation    means, with respect to each Research Product or     Licensed Product,     all:     (a)     Regulatory     Materials,     including     all     data     contained     therein     and     all     supporting documents     created     for,     submitted     to     or     received     from     an     applicable     governmental     agency     or Regulatory Authority relating to such Regulatory Materials; and (b) other documentation     or Information     Controlled     by     a     Party     which     is     necessary     or     reasonably     useful     in     order     to     Exploit such     Product     in     the     applicable     Field     in     the     Territory,     including     any     registrations     and     licenses, regulatory drug lists, advertising and promotion documents shared with Regulatory     Authorities, adverse event files, complaint files and Manufacturing     records.  
   
 1.152      Regulatory Exclusivity    means any exclusive marketing rights or data protection      or other     exclusivity     rights     conferred     by     any     Regulatory     Authority     with     respect     to     a     Product     in     a country or jurisdiction in the Territory, other than a Patent right, including orphan     drug exclusivity,     pediatric     exclusivity,     rights     conferred     in     the     U.S.     under     the     Hatch     Waxman     Act,     in the EU under Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended, and Regulation (EC) No. 1901/2006,     as amended,     or     in     the     Biologics     Price     Competition     Act     as     set     forth     in     the     Patient     Protection       Affordable Care Act, or rights similar thereto in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions in     the Territory.  
 19 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.153      Regulatory Materials    means, with respect to each Product, all     documentation, correspondence, submissions and notifications submitted to or received from a     Regulatory Authority that are necessary or reasonably useful in order to Exploit such Product in     the applicable field in the Territory. For the avoidance of doubt, Regulatory Materials shall     include, with respect to each Product, all INDs, Regulatory Approval Applications,     Regulatory Approvals,     Pricing     Approvals     and     amendments     and     supplements     for     any     of     the     foregoing,     as well as the contents of any minutes from meetings (whether in person or by audio conference     or videoconference) with a Regulatory     Authority.  
   
 1.154      Representative Expert    has the meaning set forth in Section     16.3(b).  
   
 1.155      Research Materials    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.6(a).  
   
 1.156      Research Plan    means a [***] Research Plan or Option Product Research Plan,     as applicable.  
   
 1.157      Research Product    means a [***] Product, Candidate Product or Option Product,     as applicable.  
   
 1.158      Research Support    has the meaning set forth in Section     7.1.  
   
 1.159      Senior     Officer        means     the     Head     of     Research           Development     or     his     or     her     designee,     in the     case     of     Takeda     and,     the     Chief     Executive     Officer     or     his     or     her     designee,     in     the     case     of Ultragenyx.  
   
 1.160      Takeda [***] License    means the licenses granted to Takeda in Section     3.2.  
   
 1.161      Takeda Field    means [***].  
   
 1.162      Takeda Indemnitee    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.1.  
   
 1.163      Takeda Option    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.1.  
   
 1.164      Takeda Option Field    means all human indications other than the Takeda Field     for Licensed [***] Products, and all human indications for Licensed Analog Products,     Licensed Option Products and Ultragenyx Pipeline     Products.  
   
 1.165      Takeda Option Negotiation Period    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(d).  
   
 1.166      Takeda Option Notice    has the meaning set forth in Section     8.2(c).  
   
 1.167      Takeda Option Term    means the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending     on the     earlier     of     (a)     [***]     after     the     Effective     Date     or     (b)     with     respect     to     a     Licensed     [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed Option Product, or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product,     as  
 20 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

the case may be: (i) [***] after Takeda s receipt of the applicable   Final Phase   II   Data   Package   for   the   applicable   Licensed   [***]   Product,   Licensed   Analog   Product   or Licensed Option Product, (ii) [***] after Takeda s receipt of the   Final Phase II Data Package (or Final Phase III Data Package in the case of [***]) for the   applicable Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product   (other   than   [***])   and   (iii)   [***]   after   Takeda s   receipt   of the Final Phase II Data Package for [***]. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) in the event of   a [***]   of   Ultragenyx   [***],   the   Takeda   Option   Term   will   expire   with   respect   to   all   applicable   products   (i.e.,   any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed Option Product, or   Ultragenyx Pipeline Product) [***]; and (b) in   the event of a [***] of Ultragenyx at any time [***],   the   Takeda   Option   Term   will   expire with respect to all applicable products (i.e., any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog   Product, Licensed   Option   Product,   or   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product)   [***]   after   the   closing   of such [***]. 
   
   1.168      Takeda     Patents        means     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     and     any     Patent     that     claims     priority     (in accordance with Section 1.129) to the Licensed [***] Patent during the Term, and the     Ultragenyx Pipeline     Improvement     Patents     Controlled     by     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates.     The     Takeda     Patents     as     of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.168  .  
   
 1.169      Takeda Product Infringement    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.6(b)(i).  
   
 1.170      Takeda ROFN Territory    means     Japan.  
   
 1.171      Takeda Royalty Term    means, on a country-by-country and Exercised     Product-by- Exercised Product basis, the period commencing on the First Commercial Sale of such     Exercised Product in a country in the Takeda Territory by Takeda, its Affiliates, or sublicensees that     occurs after Takeda s exercise of the Takeda Option and ending upon the later of (a) ten (10) years     after First Commercial Sale of such Exercised Product, (b) the expiration of the last Valid Claim     that Covers the composition, or method of making or using, such Exercised Product and issued     from the     following,     as     applicable     to     the     particular     Exercised     Product:     a     (i)     Licensed     [***]     Patent,     (ii) Option Product Patent that Covers a Licensed Option Product that is subject to an active     Option Product License Agreement or (iii) Ultragenyx Pipeline Patent that Covers an     Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, or (c) the expiration of the applicable Regulatory Exclusivity for     such Exercised     Product.  
   
 1.172      Takeda Territory    means, (i) with respect to Licensed Products and Licensed     Option Products, Japan and Asia and (ii) with respect Ultragenyx Pipeline Products,     Japan.  
   
 1.173      Tax Conditions    means, with respect to the premium being paid by Takeda     to Ultragenyx under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, Ultragenyx s confirmation of     receipt of the tax residence certificate (IRS Form 6166) from the U.S. Internal Revenue     Service specified     in     Section     11.11(c)     and     appropriate     submission     of     such     certificate     and     required     forms and information with the Osaka Regional Taxation     Bureau.  
   
 21 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.174      Term    has the meaning set forth in Section     15.1.  
   
 1.175      Terminated Product    means any: (a) Option Product for which an Option     Product License     Agreement     has     not     been     executed     during     the     Option     Negotiation     Period     in     accordance with Section 6.12(a); (b) Research Product terminated pursuant to Section 6.7(d) or 18.5;     (c) Licensed     [***]     Compound     or     Licensed     [***]     Product     that     reverts     to     Takeda     pursuant     to     Section 4.3(f); or (d) Licensed Product or Research Product terminated pursuant to Section 15.2, 15.4     or 15.5.  
   
 1.176      Territory    means worldwide.  
   
 1.177      Third     Party        means     a     Person     other     than     Takeda     and     Ultragenyx     and     their     respective Affiliates.  
   
 1.178      Ultragenyx [***] Know-How    means all Information related to the Licensed     [***] Compound Controlled by Ultragenyx during the     Term.  
   
 1.179      Ultragenyx [***] License    means the licenses granted to Ultragenyx in Section     3.1.  
   
 1.180      Ultragenyx [***] Patents    means all Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates     as of the Execution Date or during the Term that are necessary or reasonably useful for     the Exploitation     of     the     Licensed     [***]     Compound     or     Licensed     Analog     Compound     in     the     Licensed Field in the Territory, but expressly excluding any Licensed Product Improvement Patents.     The Ultragenyx [***] Patents as of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.188  .  
   
 1.181      Ultragenyx     [***]     Technology        means     the     Ultragenyx     [***]     Patents     and     Ultragenyx     [***] Know-How.  
   
 1.182      Ultragenyx Field    means the Licensed Field, excluding the Takeda     Field.  
   
 1.183      Ultragenyx In-License Agreement    means [***] and     (g)     any other applicable agreement between Ultragenyx (or its Affiliates) and a Third Party under     which Takeda is granted a sublicense or other right under this     Agreement.  
   
 1.184      Ultragenyx Indemnitee    has the meaning set forth in Section     17.2.  
   
 1.185      Ultragenyx     Know-How        means     all     Information     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     during     the Term that is necessary or reasonably useful to Exploit a Compound or a Product in the     Licensed Field.  
   
 22 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

1.186      Ultragenyx Intellectual Property    means, collectively, Ultragenyx Know-How     and Ultragenyx     Patents.  
   
 1.187      Ultragenyx Option    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.11.  
   
   1.188      Ultragenyx Patents    means all Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Licensed Product     Improvement Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates, Option Product Improvement     Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates and Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents. The     Ultragenyx Patents as of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.188  .  
   
 1.189      Ultragenyx Pipeline Compound    means the active ingredient in an Ultragenyx     Pipeline Product.  
   
   1.190      Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvements    means any Invention related to an     Ultragenyx Pipeline     Product     made     (a)     solely     by,     or     on     behalf     of,     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees under this Agreement or (b) solely by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates under this Agreement.     For clarity,     (i)     employees     of     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates     or     sublicensees,     or     their     respective     agents     or independent contractors receiving consideration from Takeda or its Affiliates or sublicensees     in the     course     of     conducting     activities     under     this     Agreement,     shall     be     considered      solely     by,     or     on behalf     of      pursuant     to     this     Section     1.190,     and     (ii)     neither     Ultragenyx     nor     any     of     its     Affiliates shall,     under     any     circumstances     under     this     Agreement,     be     considered     an     agent     or     independent contractor of Takeda or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees for purposes of this Section     1.190.  
   
   1.191      Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents    means Patents that Cover     Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvements.  
   
 1.192      Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents    means all Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx as of     the Execution Date and during the Term that: (a) claim the composition of matter of, or the     method of making or using an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product; or (b) are otherwise necessary or     reasonably useful to Exploit an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product in the Licensed Field. The Ultragenyx     Pipeline Patents for the Takeda Territory as of the Execution Date are set forth on   Exhibit     1.188  .  
   
   1.193      Ultragenyx Pipeline Products    means all products that have entered into Clinical     Trials and are Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates during the Collaboration Term and     that Ultragenyx or its Affiliates have rights to Commercialize in the Takeda ROFN     Territory, [***].     For     purposes     of     this Section 1.193,  Controlled  shall not include [***]  
   
 23 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

[***]. 
   
 1.194      Ultragenyx Product Infringement    has the meaning set forth in Section     12.6(b)(i).  
   
   1.195      UX[***]    means the compound having Ultragenyx reference number UX[***] as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.196      UX[***]    means the compound having Ultragenyx reference number UX[***] as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.197      UX[***]        means     the     compound     having     Ultragenyx     reference     number     UX[***]     as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.198      UX[***]    means the compound having Ultragenyx reference number UX[***] as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.199      UX[***]        means     the     compound     having     Ultragenyx     reference     number     UX[***]     as     further described on   Exhibit     1.195  .  
   
 1.200      Valid     Claim        means     a     claim     of     an     issued     and     unexpired     Patent     included     within     the Takeda Patents, the Ultragenyx Patents or the Joint Patents, to the extent such claim has not     been revoked, held invalid or unenforceable by a patent office, court or other governmental agency     of competent     jurisdiction     in     a     final     order,     from     which     no     further     appeal     can     be     taken,     and     which claim has not been disclaimed, denied or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through     reissue, re-examination or     disclaimer.  
   
 1.201      Validation Research Plan    has the meaning set forth in Section     6.2(b).  
   
   ARTICLE 2    OVERVIEW;   MANAGEMENT 
   
 2.1   Joint Steering Committee for Licensed     Products.  
   
   (a)   Formation and Purpose  . Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date,     the Parties     shall     promptly     establish     and     convene     a     Joint     Steering     Committee     (the        Joint     Steering     Committee    or    JSC   ) in accordance with Section 2.3(c)(i) that will direct and oversee     activities relating to the Licensed Products under this Agreement. The JSC shall consist of     representatives and     operate     by     the     procedures     in     accordance     with     Section     2.3.     Except     as     otherwise     provided herein, the role of the Joint Steering Committee shall     be:  
   
 (i)   to encourage and facilitate ongoing communication and     cooperation between     the     Parties     with     respect     to     the     Exploitation     by     the     Parties     of     Licensed     Products     in     the Licensed Field;  

24 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(ii)   to serve as a forum for sharing discoveries and exchanging data and     results generated by each Party relating to additional compounds Covered by the Licensed [***]     Patent;  
   
   (iii)   to evaluate and approve the inclusion as Licensed Analog Compounds of additional     compounds     that     are     Covered     by     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     but     that     do     not     meet     the definition of Licensed Analog Compounds [***];  
   
   (iv)   to evaluate and approve the exclusion from the definition of     Licensed Analog     Compounds     of     additional     compounds     that     are     Covered     by     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent     [***];  
   
   (v)   to review and discuss [***] Development Plans and any     proposed amendments or revisions to the [***] Development     Plans;  
   
 (vi)   to review and discuss Commercialization Plans including the review     and discussion of any amendments to such Commercialization     Plans;  
   
 (vii)   to review and discuss Licensed Product regulatory issues, including     those raised     by     the     joint     regulatory     affairs     working     group     established     pursuant     to     Section     2.1(a)(viii) and Section     9.4(a);  
   
 (viii)   to     establish     other     such     working     groups     or     subcommittees,     as     needed     to further     the     purposes     of     the     Agreement     relating     to     Licensed     Products,     as     mutually     agreed     by     the Parties in     writing;  
   
 (ix)   to resolve any disputes referred to the JSC;     and  
   
 (x)   to approve or decide such other matters as provided in this     Agreement.  

(b)   
 
    JSC Decisions; Final Decision     Authority.   

(i)   The JSC will make good faith efforts to make all decisions by     consensus. Except as set forth in Section 2.1(b)(ii), actions to be taken by the Joint Steering Committee     shall be     taken     only     following     unanimous     vote,     with     each     Party s     representatives     collectively     having one     (1)     vote.     If     the     Joint     Steering     Committee     fails     to     reach     unanimous     agreement     on     a     matter before     it     for     decision     for     a     period     in     excess     of     fifteen     (15)     days     from     the     date     first     presented     to the     JSC     in     writing,     either     Party     may     submit     such     matter     for     resolution     to     the     Senior     Officers     of the     Parties     for     attempted     resolution     by     good     faith     negotiation     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     such notice is received by the Senior     Officers.  
   
   (ii)   If the Senior Officers of the Parties are unable to resolve such     dispute within     such     thirty     (30)     day     period,     such     dispute     shall     be     resolved     during     the     Term     as     follows. For the avoidance of doubt, the right of a Party to make final decisions with respect to any     issue  

25 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

shall not otherwise diminish or eliminate such Party s obligations under this   Agreement, including its obligation to exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts where required   herein. 
   
 (A)   Subject to Sections 2.1(b)(ii)(D) and 2.1(b)(ii)(E) and     provided that such decision does not result in an increase in the scope of work or costs associated     with the performance of any activities by Takeda under this Agreement, Ultragenyx will have     final decision     making     authority     over     [***];     and  
   
 (B)   Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***].  
   
 (C)   Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***].  

26 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(D)   If     Ultragenyx     exercises     the     [***]     Option     within     the     [***]     Option Term     for     the     co-Development     and     co-Commercialization     of     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the Takeda Field in the Territory, Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***].  
   
   (E)   If     Ultragenyx     does     not     exercise     the     [***]     Option     within     the     [***] Option Term for the co-Development and co-Commercialization of Licensed [***] Products     in the     Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory,     (a)     Ultragenyx     will     continue     to     have     final     decision     making authority over [***],     and     (b)     Takeda     will     continue     to     have     final     decision     making     authority     over [***].  
   
 (F)   Takeda shall have final decision making authority over     [***];  
   
 (G)   Ultragenyx shall have final decision making authority     over [***].  
   
 (iii)   Neither Party shall have the final decision making authority for any     other matter under the purview of the JSC and not covered by subsections (A)-(G), and the status     quo shall persist with respect to such matter if the Parties are unable to agree. For clarity, the     Parties anticipate     that     Licensed     Option     Products     and     Exercised     Products     will     be     governed     by     separate committees     and     final     decision     making     authority     to     be     established     pursuant     to     the     applicable Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement,     respectively.  
 (c)   Discontinuation of JSC.   Upon the second (2 nd ) anniversary of the Effective Date or any time thereafter, Ultragenyx shall have the right, upon written notice to Takeda,     to  
   
 27 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

discontinue   its   participation   in   the   JSC.   Once   Ultragenyx   has   provided   such   notice   to   Takeda, the JSC shall have no further obligations under this Agreement and, thereafter, Takeda shall   have final decision making authority with respect to the topics that were otherwise determined by   the JSC, subject to the other terms and conditions of this   Agreement. 

2.2   
 
  Joint Research Committee for Collaboration     Activities  .     

(a)   Formation and Purpose  . Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties     shall     promptly     establish     and     convene     a     Joint     Research     Committee     (the        Joint     Research     Committee        or        JRC   )     in     accordance     with     Section     2.3(c)(i)     for     the     overall     coordination     and oversight of the Collaboration Activities.  The JRC shall consist of representatives and     operate by the procedures in accordance with Section 2.3. Except as otherwise provided herein, the     Joint Research Committee shall be responsible for supporting the [***] in assessing, prioritizing, and advancing Takeda s rare genetic disease     products, including the following specific activities (collectively,    Collaboration     Activities   ):  
   
 (i)   review and approve the Validation Research Plan and any amendments thereto;  
   
 (ii)   review and approve the Option Product Research Plans and any amendments thereto;  
   
 (iii)   review and approve any amendments to the [***] Research Plan;  
   
 (iv)   evaluate and prioritize [***];  
   
 (v)   support the overall direction of Candidate Product and Option Product strategy;  
   
 (vi)   identify, define, and support collaborations with key experts and investigators and other third parties in support of the prioritized Candidate Products, Option Products and related indications;  
   
 (vii)   identify and implement opportunities [***];  
   
 (viii)   determine the [***]; and  
   
 (ix)   oversee and manage the secondee program provided for in Section 2.6.  
   
 (b)   Termination of Responsibilities.   Upon execution of an Option Product     License Agreement for an Option Product, the JRC will no longer have any responsibility  over     or decision making authority relating to such Option     Product.  
   
 28 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   
 
  JRC Decisions; Final Decision     Authority  .   

(i)   The     JRC     will     make     good     faith     efforts     to     make     all     decisions     by     consensus Except     as     set     forth     in     Section     2.2(c)(ii),     actions     to     be     taken     by     the     Joint     Research     Committee shall     be     taken     only     following     unanimous     vote,     with     each     Party s     representatives     collectively having one (1) vote. If the Joint Research Committee fails to reach unanimous agreement on     a matter     before     it     for     decision     for     a     period     in     excess     of     fifteen     (15)     days     from     the     date     first presented to the JRC in writing, either Party may submit such matter for resolution to the     Senior Officers of the Parties for attempted resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty (30)     days after such notice is received among the Senior     Officers.  
   
   (ii)   If the Senior Officers of the Parties are unable to resolve such     dispute within such thirty (30) day period, such dispute shall be resolved during the Collaboration     Term as follows. For the avoidance of doubt, the right of a Party to make final decisions with      respect to any issue shall not otherwise diminish or eliminate such Party s obligations under     this Agreement, including its obligation to exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts where     required herein.  
   
 (A)   Ultragenyx will have final decision making authority     over [***];  
   
 (B)   The Parties must mutually agree on the scope of     Research Support     to     be     provided     by     Takeda.     If     the     Parties     are     unable     to     unanimously     agree     on     the scope of the Research Support to be provided, then no Research Support shall be     provided;  
   
 (C)   Takeda will have final decision making authority over     [***];     and  
   
 (D)   Neither Party shall have the final decision making authority for any     other     matter     under     the     purview     of     the     JRC     and     not     covered     by     subsections     (A)-(C),     and the status quo shall persist with respect to such matter if the Parties are unable to agree.     For clarity,     the     Parties     anticipate     that     Licensed     Option     Products     will     be     governed     by     a     separate committee and final decision making authority to be established pursuant to the     Option Product License     Agreement.  

2.3   
 
    Committee Membership and     Procedures  .   

(a)   Membership.   Takeda and Ultragenyx shall each designate an equal number     of representatives to serve on the JSC and the JRC (each, a    Committee   ) by written notices to     the other Party. Promptly after the Effective Date, each Party shall designate three     (3)  
 29 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

representatives for the JSC and three (3) representatives for the JRC. Each Committee may   elect to   vary   the   number   of   representatives   from   time   to   time   during   the   Term;   provided   that   each Committee shall maintain an equal number of representatives from each Party.   Each representative shall have the appropriate level of experience in the subject area of    the Committee, and at least one (1) representative shall have sufficient seniority within   the applicable Party s organization to have the necessary decision-making authority in order for   the Committee to fulfill its responsibilities. Either Party may designate substitutes for its   Committee representatives if one (1) or more of such Party s designated representatives is unable to   be present at a meeting. From time to time each Party may replace its Committee representatives   by written notice to the other Party specifying the prior representative(s) and their   replacement(s). 
   
 (b)   Chairperson  .     Each     Committee     will     have     two     chairpersons,     one     designated     by each     of     the     Parties.     The     chairpersons     shall     be     responsible     for     calling     and     convening     meetings, but     shall     have     no     special     authority     over     the     other     members     of     the     Committee,     and     shall     have     no additional voting rights. The chairpersons (or their designates) shall jointly: (i) prepare     and circulate an agenda reasonably in advance of each upcoming meeting; and (ii) prepare and     issue minutes of each Committee meeting within thirty (30) days thereafter. Such minutes shall not     be finalized     until     each     Committee     representative     reviews     and     approves     such     minutes     in     writing; provided that any minutes shall be deemed approved unless a member of such Committee     objects to the accuracy of such minutes within fifteen (15) days after the circulation of the     minutes.  

(c)   
 
  Meetings  .   

(i)   Committee     Meetings.     Each     Committee     shall     meet     at     least     once     each Calendar Quarter. Additional meetings of the Committees may be held with the consent of     each Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), as required     under this     Agreement.     In     the     case     of     any     dispute     referred     to     a     Committee,     such     meeting     shall     be     held within     five     (5)     Business     Days     following     referral     to     the     Committee,     or     as     soon     as     reasonably possible.  
   
 (ii)   General Requirements.   Meetings of a Committee shall be effective     only if a majority of representatives of each Party are present or participating. Other than the     initial meeting,     which     shall     be     held     in     person,     a     Committee     may     meet     either     (A)     in     person     at     either Party s facilities or at such locations as the Parties may otherwise agree; or (B) by audio or     video teleconference. Additional non-members of a Committee having relevant experience may     from time     to     time     be     invited     to     participate     in     a     Committee     meeting,     provided     that     such     participants shall have no voting rights or powers. Non-member participants who are not employees of     a Party or its Affiliates shall only be allowed to attend if: (i) the other Party s representatives     have consented to the attendance (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned     or delayed); and (ii) such non-member participant is subject to confidentiality and     non-use obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Agreement. Each Party shall     be responsible for all of its own expenses incurred in connection with participating in     the Committees     including     all     travel     and     all     expenses     associated     with     an     initial     alliance     kick-off meeting.     All     other     expenses     incurred     by     a     Committee     in     furtherance     of     a     meeting,     such     as expenses associated with off-site meetings, shall be shared equally by the     Parties.  
   
 30 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

2.4   Alliance Managers  .  Promptly following the Effective Date, each Party shall      designate in writing an Alliance Manager to serve as the primary point of contact for the Parties     regarding all collaboration and transition activities contemplated under this Agreement. Each     Alliance Manager     shall     facilitate     communication     and     coordination     of     the     Parties      activities     under     this Agreement relating to the Products and shall plan the Committee meetings. The     Alliance Managers shall be allowed to attend Committee meetings as non-voting     observers.  
   
 2.5   Authority  . The Parties agree that, in voting on matters as described in this ARTICLE      2, it shall be conclusively presumed that unless otherwise explicitly stated, each voting member      of a Committee has the authority and approval of such member s respective senior management     in casting     his     or     her     vote.     Each     Committee     shall     have     only     the     powers     assigned     expressly     to     it     in this     ARTICLE     2     and     elsewhere     in     this     Agreement,     and     shall     not     have     any     power     to     amend, modify or waive compliance with this     Agreement.  
   
   2.6   Takeda Secondee.   Takeda shall have the right, at its own expense, to place      one employee of Takeda or its Affiliates, who is reasonably acceptable to Ultragenyx, as a     secondee with     Ultragenyx     at     any     time     during     the     Collaboration     Term;     provided     that     such     secondee     shall enter into a confidentiality agreement with Ultragenyx prior to placement. Takeda may, one     or more     times     during     the     Collaboration     Term,     substitute     such     employee     with     another     employee     of Takeda or its     Affiliates.  
   
   ARTICLE 3      LICENSES FOR [***] AND   ANALOGS 
   
   3.1   Licenses from Takeda to Ultragenyx.   Subject to the terms and conditions of     this Agreement, Takeda hereby grants to Ultragenyx in the Territory during the     Term:  
   
   (a)   an exclusive (even as to Takeda and its Affiliates, subject to the retention of     rights to conduct activities under the [***] Development Plan) license, with the right to grant     sublicenses solely     in     accordance     with     Section     3.3,     under     the     Licensed     [***]     Technology,     Licensed     Product Improvements     Controlled     by     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     Licensed     Product     Improvement     Patents Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, and Joint Intellectual Property to Exploit the Licensed     [***] Products in the Ultragenyx     Field;  
   
 (b)   a co-exclusive license, without the right to grant sublicenses, under the     Licensed  
 [***] Technology, Licensed Product Improvements Controlled by Takeda or its   Affiliates, Licensed Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, and   Joint Intellectual Property to conduct activities under the [***] Development Plan in the Takeda Field   in the Territory;   and 
   
   (c)   an     exclusive     (even     as     to     Takeda     and     its     Affiliates)     license,     including     the     right     to grant     sublicenses     solely     in     accordance     with     Section     3.3,     under     the     Licensed     [***]     Technology, Licensed Product Improvements Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, Licensed     Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, and Joint Intellectual Property     to Exploit the Licensed Analog Compounds and Licensed Analog Products in the Licensed Field     in the Territory; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the licenses granted in this      Section 3.1(c),     at     any     time     during     the     Term     Ultragenyx     shall     not,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates     not     to     (i)  
 31 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

directly   or   indirectly   Exploit   any   Licensed   Analog   Product   in   the   Takeda   Field   or   (ii)   license, authorize,   appoint,   or   otherwise   enable   any   Third   Party   to,   directly   or   indirectly,   Exploit   any Licensed Analog Product in the Takeda   Field. 
   
   3.2   Licenses from Ultragenyx to Takeda.   Subject to the terms and conditions of     this Agreement, Ultragenyx hereby grants to Takeda in the Territory during the     Term:  
   
   (a)   an     exclusive     (even     as     to     Ultragenyx     and     its     Affiliates,     subject     to     the     retention     of rights     to     conduct     activities     under     the     [***]     Development     Plan)     license,     with     the     right     to     grant sublicenses under multiple tiers solely in accordance with Section 3.3, under the Ultragenyx     [***] Technology  ,   Licensed Product Improvements Controlled by Ultragenyx or its     Affiliates, Licensed Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates, and     Joint Intellectual Property to (i) Exploit the Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in     the Territory,     and     (ii)     Exploit     any     structures     Covered     by     the     Licensed     [***]     Patent,     other     than     with respect to Licensed Analog Compounds, in the Takeda Field in the     Territory.  
   
 (b)   a co-exclusive license, without the right to grant sublicenses,  under     the Ultragenyx     [***]     Technology  ,     Licensed     Product     Improvements     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     or     its Affiliates, Licensed Product Improvement Patents Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates,     and Joint Intellectual Property to conduct activities under the [***] Development Plan in     the Ultragenyx Field in the Territory and to perform the activities under the [***] Development     Plan.  
   
   3.3   Sublicensing  . Each Party shall have the right to grant sublicenses, through multiple     tiers, of     the     rights     granted     to     such     Party     under     Sections     3.1(a)     and     3.1(c)     (in     the     case     of     Ultragenyx) and     Section     3.2(a)     (in     the     case     of     Takeda),     to     its     Affiliates     and     to     Third     Parties;     provided, however     that     (a)     subject     to     Section     5.2,     Ultragenyx     shall     not     grant     a     sublicense     of     the     rights granted to it under (i) Section 3.1(a) to a Third Party without the prior written consent of     Takeda (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or (ii) Section 3.1(c) in the     Takeda Field     and     (b)     Takeda     shall     not     grant     a     sublicense     of     the     rights     granted     to     it     under     Section     3.2(a) to a Third Party without the prior written consent of Ultragenyx (not to be      unreasonably withheld,     conditioned     or     delayed).     Each     sublicense     shall     refer     to     and     be     subordinate     to     this Agreement     and,     except     to     the     extent     the     Parties     otherwise     agree     in     writing,     any     sublicense     must be consistent in all material respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.     Upon termination     of     this     Agreement,     any     sublicense     granted     by     Ultragenyx     to     a     Third     Party     shall continue     and     be     transferred     to     Takeda     and     any     sublicense     granted     by     Takeda     to     a     Third     Party shall continue and be transferred to Ultragenyx; provided that such sublicenses comply with     the requirements of this Section 3.3. Each Party shall remain responsible for the performance of     this Agreement and the performance of its sublicensees hereunder.  
   
 3.4   No Implied Licenses  . No license or other right is or shall be created or granted     hereunder by     implication,     estoppel,     or     otherwise.     All     licenses     and     rights     are     or     shall     be     granted     only     as expressly     provided     in     this     Agreement.     All     rights     not     expressly     granted     by     a     Party     under     this Agreement are reserved by the Party and may not be used by the other Party for any     purpose.  

32 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

ARTICLE 4      LICENSED PRODUCT   DEVELOPMENT 
   
 4.1   Overview of Product Development  . The Parties desire and intend to collaborate     with respect to the Development of the Licensed Product in the Licensed Field in the Territory, to     the extent set forth in this Agreement. Takeda s Development of the Licensed [***] Products in     the Takeda     Field     and     Ultragenyx s     Development     of     the     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx Field     and     Licensed     Analog     Products     in     the     Licensed     Field     shall     be     conducted     in     a     manner consistent with the [***] Development Plans and using Commercially Reasonable     Efforts.  

4.2   
 
  Transition and Exchange of Know-How     

(a)   Transition from Takeda to Ultragenyx.   As soon as practicable after     the Effective     Date,     the     Parties     will     cooperate     and     act     in     good     faith     to     support     the     transition     of     the Licensed [***] Product from Takeda to Ultragenyx in the Ultragenyx Field and, solely     for purposes     of     Ultragenyx s     performance     of     its     obligations     under     Section     4.3(a)(ii),     in     the     Takeda Field,     at     no     additional     consideration     payable     to     Takeda,     including     the     (i)     transition     and,     to     the extent appropriate, assignment of Regulatory Materials and Regulatory Approvals covering     the Licensed [***] Product in the Ultragenyx Field and, solely for purposes of     Ultragenyx s performance     of     its     obligations     under     Section     4.3(a)(ii),     in     the     Takeda     Field,     from     Takeda     to Ultragenyx, (ii) sharing of the Licensed [***] Know-How with Ultragenyx to the extent     necessary or     reasonably     useful     for     the     use     of     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     and     the     Licensed     Analog     Products for and implementation of the Initial [***] Development Plan, and (iii) transferring to     Ultragenyx, at no cost to Ultragenyx, those biological materials or chemical compounds related to     the Licensed     [***]     Product     Controlled     by     Takeda     as     of     the     Execution     Date     as     are     necessary     for Ultragenyx to perform the activities allocated to it under the Initial [***] Development     Plan. Takeda will also use Commercially Reasonable Efforts, at Ultragenyx s sole cost and expense,     to assign     or     sublicense     to     Ultragenyx     any     existing     Third     Party     agreements     that     are     necessary     or reasonably     useful     for     the     Exploitation     of     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the Territory.     Within     forty-five     (45)     days     after     the     receipt     of     an     invoice     from     Takeda     reflecting     the costs and expenses of such assignment or sublicense, Ultragenyx shall pay the invoiced     amounts to     Takeda.  
   
 (b)   Know-How Sharing by Ultragenyx.   Ultragenyx shall provide to     Takeda, promptly after the Effective Date and during the Term upon Ultragenyx Know-How     being obtained or generated by Ultragenyx, at no additional cost or expense to Takeda, all     such Ultragenyx Know-How as is necessary or reasonably useful to enable Takeda: (a) to perform     its obligations     under     this     Agreement;     (b)     to     Exploit     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field, and (c) to Exploit any structures Covered by the Licensed [***] Patent, other than with respect     to Licensed Analog Compounds, in the Takeda Field in the     Territory.  

4.3   
 
  Development     Activities  .     

(a)   Throughout the Term, Ultragenyx will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts     to  
 (i)   Exploit   a   Licensed   [***]   Product   or   Licensed   Analog   Product   in   the   Ultragenyx   Field   in   the Territory and  (ii) complete Development  activities  for a  Licensed [***]  Product  in  the   Takeda 
   
 33 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Field,   in   each   case   at   Ultragenyx s   sole   expense   and   pursuant   to   the   Initial   [***]   Development Plan. 
   
   (b)   If the Parties mutually agree to conduct other Development activities with     respect to     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     other     than     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan,     then     the Parties shall prepare a plan (including timeline and budget) covering the Development     activities to     be     completed,     the     Party     responsible     for     completing     such     activities,     and     the     Party     responsible for the associated costs (together with the Initial [***] Development Plan, the    [***]     Development     Plans   ).  
   
   (c)   If Ultragenyx elects to pursue Development of a Licensed Analog     Product, Ultragenyx will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit such Licensed Analog     Product in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the     Territory     at     Ultragenyx s     sole     expense     and     pursuant     to     a     [***] Development Plan for such Licensed Analog Product.  
   
 (d)   At Ultragenyx s sole expense, Takeda, using Commercially Reasonable     Efforts, will (i) conduct initial manufacturing process development and scale-up activities for     the Licensed     Products     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan     and     in     accordance     with     the agreed     upon     budget     contained     therein,     (ii)     will     work     with     Ultragenyx     to     transfer     Licensed     [***] Know-How as necessary or reasonably useful for Development and for the purposes     of completing Regulatory Applications, initiating Clinical Trials and for      transitioning manufacturing activities to Ultragenyx, and (iii) conduct such other Development     and Manufacturing activities as may be mutually agreed by the     Parties.  
   
 (e)   Each     Party     shall     conduct     its     activities     under     this     Agreement     in     good     scientific manner     and     in     compliance     in     all     material     respects     with     all     Applicable     Laws,     including,     GCP, GLP, and     GMP.  
   
   (f)   If Ultragenyx breaches its obligations under Section 4.3(a) or 4.3(c) or     is otherwise no longer actively conducting Development of a Licensed [***] Compound     and Licensed [***] Product in any indication in the Ultragenyx Field, then [***] of the date Ultragenyx stopped actively conducting such Development,     the Ultragenyx [***] License for the Licensed [***] Compound and Licensed [***] Product     shall terminate and, [***] of such event, such license shall revert to     Takeda and the terms of Section 15.7(c) shall apply with respect to such Compound and     Product; provided, that, upon the reversion of rights to Takeda, Takeda shall not develop such Product     in the Ultragenyx Field except in accordance with Takeda s exercise of the Takeda Option or     right of     first     negotiation     pursuant     to     ARTICLE     8.     If,     prior     to     the     effective     date     of     such     reversion, Ultragenyx     determines     it     wishes     to     license     such     Compound     or     Product     from     Takeda     in     the Ultragenyx Field, Ultragenyx may provide written notice to Takeda. Following receipt of     such notice, Takeda and Ultragenyx will negotiate in good faith such license agreement for a period     of [***] thereafter, which period may be extended by mutual agreement. Any     resulting license     agreement     will     be     subject     to     Takeda s     exercise     of     the     Takeda     Option     or     right     of     first negotiation pursuant to ARTICLE     8.  

34 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(g)   Neither Party may Develop Licensed [***] Products in the Ultragenyx Field     except as     set     forth     in     the     [***]     Development     Plan.     Takeda     shall     have     the     sole     discretion     to     Develop Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda     Field.  

4.4   
 
    Clinical Trial Registry  .     

(a)   Ultragenyx shall be responsible for registering any Clinical Trial     performed pursuant     to     the     [***]     Development     Plans     in     the     appropriate     clinical     trial     registry     (e.g., clinicaltrials.gov) and posting the results of such Clinical Trials as required by Applicable     Laws.  
   
 (b)   The posting of any results to a clinical trial registry in accordance  with     this Section 4.4 shall be considered a  publication  and subject to the Parties  obligations set forth     in Section 14.9.  
   
   4.5   Records; Disclosure of Data and Results.   In   conformity with standard     pharmaceutical industry     practices     and     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement,     each     Party     shall     prepare     and maintain,     or     shall     cause     to     be     prepared     and     maintained,     complete     and     accurate     written     records, accounts, notes, reports and data with respect to activities conducted pursuant to the     [***] Development     Plans     for     a     minimum     of     three     (3)     years     following     the     end     of     the     Calendar     Year     to which they pertain (or such longer period as may be required by Applicable Laws) and, upon     the other     Party s     reasonable     written     request,     shall     send     legible     copies     (in     English     and     in     electronic format)     of     the     aforesaid     to     the     other     Party,     to     the     extent     not     already     provided,     throughout     the Term and for a minimum of twelve (12) months following the Term. Upon reasonable     advance notice, at the request of the JSC, each Party agrees to make its employees and     consultants reasonably     available     at     their     respective     places     of     employment     to     consult     with     the     other     Party     on issues arising in connection with the [***] Development Plans.   In   accordance with the     reporting format     and     schedule     approved     by     the     JSC,     each     Party     shall     promptly     and     fully     disclose     to     the other Party in writing all data, including preclinical data, Clinical Trial data, formulation      data and     manufacturing     data,     generated     by     or     on     behalf     of     such     Party     with     respect     to     the     Products     in the     Licensed     Field.     Without     limiting     the     foregoing:     (a)     Ultragenyx     shall     keep     Takeda     regularly and     fully     informed     by     reporting     to     the     JSC     on     a     quarterly     basis     regarding     the     Development     of Licensed     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the     Territory     by     Ultragenyx,     its     Affiliates     and sublicensees,     including     information     regarding     the     status     of     Clinical     Trials,     filing     of     Regulatory Materials     and     receipt     of     Regulatory     Approval     with     respect     to     the     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx Field in the Territory; (b) on at least an annual basis (but in any event, no later than December     1 of each Calendar Year), each Party, as applicable, shall submit to the JSC proposed updates     and amendments, as appropriate, to the [***] Development Plans; and (c) Takeda shall     keep Ultragenyx regularly informed by reporting to the JSC on a quarterly basis regarding     the Development of Licensed Products in the Takeda Field by Takeda, its  Affiliates and sublicensees, including information regarding the status of any Clinical Trials, filing     of Regulatory     Materials     and     receipt     of     Regulatory     Approval     with     respect     to     the     Products     in     the Takeda Field in the     Territory.  
   
 ARTICLE 5    [***] CO-DEVELOPMENT AND   CO-COMMERCIALIZATION 
   
   5.1   Co-Development and Co-Commercialization Negotiation for Takeda     Field  .  
 35 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   As     soon     as     practicable,     but     no     later     than     [***],     Ultragenyx     shall     deliver     to     Takeda     the     Final [***]     Data     Package     for     such     Licensed     Product.     For     a     period     of     [***]     following     the deadline     for     delivery     of     such     Final     [***]     Data     Package     for     the     first     Licensed     [***]     Product     or Takeda s     earlier     receipt     of     such     Final     [***]     Data     Package     (the        [***]     Option     Term   ),     Ultragenyx will have the right to exercise an exclusive option to co-Develop and co-Commercialize     the Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in the Territory (the    [***] Option   ). Upon exercise     of the [***] Option prior to the expiration of the [***] Option Term, the Parties will negotiate in     good faith, for a period of up to [***] (the    [***] License     Negotiation     Period   ),     the     terms     relating     to     the     co-Development     and     co-Commercialization     of     the     Licensed [***]     Products     in     the     Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory     (other     than     the     rights     regarding     final     decision making authority of the Parties, which will be as set forth in Section     2.1(b)(ii)(D)).  
   
 (b)   If Ultragenyx exercises the [***] Option within the [***] Option Term  and     the Parties reach agreement regarding the co-Development and co-Commercialization of     the Licensed [***] Product in the Takeda Field within the [***] License Negotiation Period,     such agreement,     including     any     needed     modification     to     the     Ultragenyx     [***]     License     and     Takeda     [***] License,     will     be     entered     into     by     the     Parties     or     their     designated     Affiliates.     Such     agreement     shall provide that, if Ultragenyx terminates the Development of Licensed [***] Products in     the Ultragenyx Field, then Ultragenyx shall have the right to terminate such co-Development and co- Commercialization     of     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the     Takeda     Field     upon     providing     Takeda     with the     following     prior     written     notice:     (i)     if     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     is     in     Development     at     the     time of termination, [***], and (ii) if the Licensed [***] Product is being Commercialized     at the time of termination, [***].  
   
 (c)   If Ultragenyx exercises the [***] Option within the [***] Option Term  and     the Parties     fail     to     reach     an     agreement     regarding     the     co-Development     and     co-Commercialization     of the     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field     within     the     [***]     License     Negotiation     Period,     then Takeda and Ultragenyx shall have the right to submit their proposed terms for such     co-   Development and co-Commercialization of the Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in     the Territory     to     binding     arbitration     as     set     forth     in     Section     16.3;     provided,     however,     that     the     rights regarding     the     final     decision     making     authority     of     the     Parties     as     set     forth     in     Section     2.1(b)(ii)(D) will not be subject to modification in such     arbitration.  
   
   5.2   Takeda Right of First Negotiation for the Ultragenyx Field.     Notwithstanding Ultragenyx s     right     to     sublicense     under     Section     3.3,     Ultragenyx     does     not     have     the     right     to     enter into an agreement with any Third Party for the co-Development and/or     co-Commercialization (including co-promotion) of the Licensed Product in the Ultragenyx Field except in     accordance with the terms of this Section 5.2. If Ultragenyx intends to co-Develop and/or     co-Commercialize (including co-promote) with a Third Party a Licensed Product in the Ultragenyx     Field, Ultragenyx     will     provide     Takeda     with     prior     written     notice     of     such     intent     and,     for     a     period     of     [***] after receipt of such notice, Takeda will have a right of     first negotiation to enter into a definitive agreement with Ultragenyx for such co-Development     and/or co-Commercialization     (including     co-promotion).     If     the     Parties     fail     to     enter     into     a     definitive  
   
 36 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

agreement   prior   to   the   expiration   of   [***],   Ultragenyx   will have the right to enter into a definitive agreement with a Third Party (including via   sublicensing as set forth in Section 3.3) for the co-Development and/or co-Commercialization (including   co- promotion)   of   the   Licensed   Product   in   the   Ultragenyx   Field;   provided,   that,   [***], Ultragenyx shall   not enter into such a definitive agreement with a Third Party on terms, when viewed as a whole,   that are less favorable to Ultragenyx than the terms last offered to Ultragenyx by   Takeda. 
   
   5.3   Commercialization Plans.   Each Party shall submit a Commercialization Plan to the     JSC for     discussion     no     less     [***]     prior     to     the     anticipated     date     of     such     Party     obtaining Regulatory Approval for a Licensed Product. Thereafter, each Party shall provide a copy of     the then-current     Commercialization     Plan     to     the     JSC     at     least     once     each     Calendar     Year     during     the Licensed Product Royalty Term and Takeda Royalty Term, as     applicable.  

5.4   
 
  Commercialization Activities.     

(a)   Ultragenyx Commercialization  . Ultragenyx shall use Commercially     Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize the Licensed Product in the Ultragenyx Field in the     Territory throughout     the     Term.     Subject     to     any     modifications     based     on     agreements     reached     pursuant     to Sections 5.1 and 5.2, Ultragenyx s Commercially Reasonable Efforts requirements and     the provisions of Section 2.1(b), Ultragenyx has sole discretion relating to all aspects of     the Commercialization     of     Licensed     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     in     the     Territory.     As     between the     Parties,     Ultragenyx     shall     bear     all     of     the     costs     and     expenses     incurred     in     connection     with     all such Commercialization activities. On an annual basis, and no later than March 1 of     each Calendar Year following the First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product in the  Ultragenyx Field     in     the     Territory,     Ultragenyx     shall     present     a     reasonably     detailed     written     report     to     the     JSC summarizing Ultragenyx s overall Commercialization activities undertaken during the     previous Calendar Year with respect to the Licensed Products in the Ultragenyx     Field.  
   
 (b)   Takeda Commercialization  . Subject to any modifications based on     agreements reached     pursuant     to     Sections     5.1     and     5.2     and     the     provisions     of     Section     2.1(b),     Takeda     has     sole discretion relating to the Commercialization of Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field in     the Territory.     As     between     the     Parties,     Takeda     shall     bear     all     of     the     costs     and     expenses     incurred     in connection with all such Commercialization     activities.  

(a)   Ownership.   Each Party shall own, throughout the world, each Product     trademark that it develops for a Product in its Field in the Territory (each a  Product Trademark ).     All goodwill     attributable     to     a     Party s     Product     Trademark     generated     by     the     Commercialization     of     a Product bearing such mark shall inure to the benefit of such     Party.  
   
 (b)   Use.   Neither Party shall be obligated to use the other Party s Product     Trademark or     House     Marks     except     to     the     extent     required     by     Applicable     Law     or     regulatory     requirement. Neither     Party     shall,     during     the     Term     or     thereafter,     adopt,     register     or     use     any     trademark,     trade  
   
 37 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

name,   brand   name,   symbol   or   logo   that   is   identical,   or   confusingly   similar,   to   the   other   Party s Product   Trademarks. 
   
 (c)   Filing; Maintenance.   Each Party shall solely be responsible for, and shall     solely bear all costs associated with maintenance and enforcement of, such Party s Product     Trademark.  
   
 ARTICLE 6      RESEARCH COLLABORATION 
   
   6.1  Research Collaboration Generally . The Parties will conduct research of Takeda s   [***] Compound and Candidate Products as set forth in this Agreement. As further described   below, the Candidate Products will be selected from the Takeda-Controlled compounds listed on    Exhibit  
  6.1   attached   hereto,   as   may   be   amended   from   time   to   time   by   Takeda   in   its   sole   discretion   (the   Listed     Compounds  ). 

6.2   
 
    Nomination of Candidate Products and Validation     Research .  

(a)   Nomination  . Either Party may nominate compounds from the Listed     Compounds for consideration and approval by the JRC as candidate products under this Agreement     (upon such approval, each such Listed Compound shall thereafter be a    Candidate Product   ). The     JRC may select up to five (5) Candidate Products for validation pursuant to Section 6.2(b) at any     one time.     If   five (5)  Candidate     Products     have     been     selected     at     any     one     time,     neither     Party     may nominate     any     additional     Listed     Compound     to     be     considered     as     a     Candidate     Product     unless     and until     the     Parties     determine,     after     the     completion     or     termination     of     research     activities     under     the applicable     Validation     Research     Plan,     that     a     Candidate     Product     will     not     be     nominated     as     an Option Product.  
   
   (b)   Validation Research Plan  . Takeda will design, with input from Ultragenyx,     a research plan and budget for the initial validation for each Candidate Product (each,     a    Validation     Research     Plan   ),     with     each     such     Validation     Research     Plan     intended     to     sufficiently include the activities required to provide information and data necessary for the JRC      to determine     whether     to     nominate     a     Candidate     Product     as     an     Option     Product.     Each     Validation Research     Plan     will     be     submitted     to     the     JRC     for     approval     (for     which     Takeda     will     have     final decision-making authority in accordance with Section 2(c)(ii)(C)) and will be funded by     Takeda and performed by or on behalf of Takeda, in Takeda s sole     discretion.  

6.3   
 
    [***] Research Plan and Transition   

(a)   During     the     Collaboration     Term     with     respect     to     the     [***]     Products,     the     Parties     will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit the [***] Products, at Ultragenyx s sole     expense, pursuant     to     the     initial     research     plan     and     budget     for     the     [***]     Products     attached     hereto     as     Exhibit     6.3(a)   (the    [***] Research Plan   ). Pursuant to the [***] Research Plan and in accordance with     the associated budget, at Ultragenyx s sole expense, Takeda will use Commercially     Reasonable Efforts to conduct initial Manufacturing process development and scale-up of the [***]     Products, as     agreed     by     the     Parties.     For     clarity,     there     will     not     be     any     Validation     Research     Plan     for     the     [***] Products.  
   
 38 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   During the Collaboration Term with respect to the [***] Products, the Parties     shall cooperate     and     act     in     good     faith     to     support     the     transition     of     the     [***]     Products     from     Takeda     to Ultragenyx     in     the     Licensed     Field     to     the     extent     necessary     or     reasonably     useful     for     Ultragenyx     to perform     the     [***]     Research     Plan,     including     the     transition     of     Option     Product     Know-How     with respect to the [***] Products. [***].  
   
  6.4    Option Product Research Plan . During the Collaboration Term with respect to   each Option Product for which there is an agreed Option Product Research Plan, Ultragenyx will   use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit each Option Product in accordance with   the applicable Option Product Research   Plan. 

6.5   
 
      Limited Licenses During the Collaboration     Term .    

(a)   License to     Ultragenyx  .  
   
   (i)   Upon     selection     of     a     Candidate     Product     as     an     Option     Product     by     the     JRC and as of the Effective Date with respect to [***] Products, Takeda hereby grants to Ultragenyx     a limited, co-exclusive (with Takeda and its Affiliates), non-transferable,     non-sublicensable, royalty-free license under the Option Product Technology, Option Product     Improvements Controlled by Takeda or its Affiliates, Option Product Improvement Patents Controlled     by Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     and     Joint     Intellectual     Property     to     Exploit     the     Option     Product     solely     in accordance with the activities to be performed by Ultragenyx under the Option Product     Research Plan.  
   
 (ii)   The     foregoing     license     under     Section     6.5(a)(i)     will     continue     on     an     Option Product-by-Option Product basis until the earlier of (A) execution of an Option Product     License Agreement, (B) failure by the Parties to enter into an Option Product License Agreement by     the expiration     of     the     applicable     Option     Negotiation     Period,     or     (C)     expiration     or     termination     of     the Collaboration     Term,     at     which     time     such     Option     Product     shall     be     a     Terminated     Product     and     all rights to such Option Product will revert to Takeda in accordance with Section 15.7(c);     provided that, if in the case of (C), an Option Negotiation Period is then ongoing, the Collaboration     Term with     respect     to     such     Option     Product     will     automatically     extend     until     the     earlier     of     (1)     expiration of     such     Option     Negotiation     Period     or     (2)     execution     of     the     applicable     Option     Product     License Agreement.  
   
 (b)   License to Takeda  . During the Collaboration Term, with respect to     each Research Product, Ultragenyx hereby grants to Takeda a limited, non-exclusive,     non- transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license, under all Ultragenyx Intellectual     Property, Option     Product     Improvements     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     and     Joint     Intellectual     Property     for     use in the Licensed Field in the Territory solely to perform its obligations under each Research     Plan and to the extent necessary or reasonably useful for Takeda to evaluate a Candidate     Product.  
   
 (c)   No     Implied     Licenses  .     No     license     or     other     right     is     or     shall     be     created     or     granted hereunder     during     the     Collaboration     Term     with     respect     to     any     Research     Product     by     implication,  
 39 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

estoppel,   or   otherwise.   All   rights   not   expressly   granted   by   a   Party   under   this   Agreement   are reserved by such Party and may not be used by the other Party for any   purpose. 

6.6   
 
    Research Materials Transfer .  

(a)     In order to facilitate the activities contemplated by this Agreement, Takeda     shall transfer to Ultragenyx, at no cost to Ultragenyx (i) those quantities of [***] Compound     Controlled by     Takeda     as     of     the     Execution     Date     as     are     necessary     for     Ultragenyx     to     perform     the     activities allocated to it under the [***] Research Plan and (ii) reasonable quantities of biological     materials or     chemical     compounds     Controlled     by     Takeda     at     the     time     a     Candidate     Product     becomes     an Option Product for Development of such Option Product (collectively, the    Research     Materials   ) by Ultragenyx in furtherance of the applicable Research Plans. Such transfer shall be pursuant     to a mutually agreed upon Research Materials transfer plan and schedule (including, as necessary,     a separate agreement with respect to such transfer which the Parties shall enter as soon     as practicable     (A)     after     the     Effective     Date     in     the     case     of     the     foregoing     clause     (i)     or     (B)     after     a Candidate Product becomes an Option Product in the case of the foregoing clause (ii)).      Except as otherwise provided for under this Agreement, all such Research Materials will remain the     sole property     of     Takeda,     will     be     used     only     in     furtherance     of     the     activities     conducted     in     accordance with     the     applicable     Research     Plans,     will     not     be     used     or     delivered     to     or     for     the     benefit     of     any Third     Party     (except     for     subcontractors     in     furtherance     of     the     Research     Plans),     without     the     prior written consent of Takeda, and will be used in compliance with Applicable Law.   The     Research Materials supplied under this Agreement must be used with prudence and appropriate caution     in any experimental work because not all of their characteristics may be known.  Takeda     will provide     Ultragenyx     the     most     current     material     safety     data     sheet     for     the     Research     Materials     upon transfer of any Research     Materials.  
   
   (b)   Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, THE RESEARCH     MATERIALS ARE     PROVIDED      AS     IS      AND     WITHOUT     ANY     REPRESENTATION     OR     WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY     OF MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR     ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE RESEARCH MATERIALS WILL NOT INFRINGE OR VIOLATE ANY PATENT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY     THIRD PARTY.  

6.7   
 
    General Terms Applicable to Research Plans and Research     Activities .  

(a)   Annual Review of Research Plans  . On an annual basis, the Parties, through     the JRC, shall review, and as necessary, update and amend the then-current Research      Plans, provided that either Party may at any time between annual updates recommend updates     or amendments of the then-current plans and associated budget for consideration by the     JRC.  
   
 (b)   Performance Obligations  . With respect to each Research Plan, Ultragenyx     and Takeda shall each use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to execute and perform the     activities assigned to it and cooperate with the other Party in the performance of such activities.      Each Party     shall     conduct     the     activities     assigned     to     it     under     the     Research     Plan     in     a     good     scientific manner     and     in     compliance     in     all     material     respects     with     Applicable     Law,     including     applicable  
 40 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

national and international (e.g., ICH, GCP, GLP, and GMP) guidelines. If a Research   Plan provides   for   Clinical   Trials,   the   sponsor   of   such   trial   shall   register   and   post   the   results   of   such trial. 
   
 (c)   Records; Disclosure of Data and Results  . Each Party shall prepare      and maintain,     or     shall     cause     to     be     prepared     and     maintained,     complete     and     accurate     written     records, accounts,     notes,     reports     and     data     with     respect     to     its     activities     conducted     pursuant     to     a     Research Plan in conformity with Applicable Law and standard pharmaceutical industry     practices; provided     that     in     no     case     shall     such     records     be     maintained     for     less     than     three     (3)     years     following the     Calendar     Year     to     which     such     records     pertain     (or     such     longer     period     as     may     be     required     by Applicable Laws). Upon the other Party s written request, the Party receiving such     written request shall send legible copies of the aforesaid to the other Party throughout the Term     with respect to such Research Product and for a minimum of twelve (12) months following     such Term. Upon reasonable advance notice, at the request of the JRC, each Party agrees to make     its employees and consultants reasonably available at their respective places of employment     to consult with the other Party on issues arising in connection with each Research Plan.     In accordance with the reporting format and schedule approved by the JRC, each Party     shall promptly     disclose     to     the     other     Party     in     writing     all     data,     including     preclinical     data,     clinical     trial data     (if     any),     formulation     data     and     Manufacturing     data,     generated     by     or     on     behalf     of     such     Party with respect to a Research Product in the Licensed Field in the     Territory.  
   
   (d)   Termination of Research Plan  .   In   the event the activities under a Research     Plan are     terminated     for     any     reason,     all     research     thereunder     shall     cease     and     the     applicable     Option Product     or     [***]     Product     will     be     deemed     to     be     a     Terminated     Product.     All     Terminated     Products shall revert to Takeda pursuant to Section 15.7(c). For clarity, such termination shall     not terminate the Collaboration Term for any other purpose under this     Agreement.  

6.8   
 
    Research Program     Expenses.     

(a)   Nomination Evaluation  . Each Party shall be responsible for its own FTEs and any     Third     Party     expenses,     in     each     case,     incurred     with     respect     to     the     nomination,     evaluation     and selection of Candidate Products in accordance with Section     6.2(a).  
   
 (b)   [***] Research Plan  . Ultragenyx shall reimburse Takeda for Takeda s FTE     Costs and     out-of-pocket     Third     Party     expenses,     in     each     case,     incurred     by     Takeda     in     furtherance     of     the completion of those activities assigned to it under the [***] Research Plan and in accordance     with the applicable budget, subject to a maximum reimbursement obligation of [***] of such budget or such greater amount as Ultragenyx may approve in     advance.  
   
 (c)   Validation Research Plan  . Takeda shall be responsible for its own FTEs and     any Third Party expenses incurred by Takeda with respect to a Validation Research     Plan.  
   
 (d)   Option Product Research Plan.   Ultragenyx shall reimburse Takeda      for Takeda s FTE Costs and out-of-pocket Third Party expenses, in each case, incurred by Takeda     in furtherance of the completion of those activities assigned to it under an Option Product     Research Plan and in accordance with the applicable budget, subject to a maximum     reimbursement  
 41 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

obligation of [***] of such budget or such greater amount   as Ultragenyx may approve in   advance. 
   
  6.9    Invoices . Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter, Takeda   will provide a written report and invoice to Ultragenyx setting forth in reasonable detail its FTEs   and its   Third   Party   expenses   recorded   in   furtherance   the   [***]   Research   Plan   and   Option   Product Research Plans. Within sixty (60) days after the receipt of such invoice, Ultragenyx shall pay   the undisputed   portion   of   any   such   invoice.   For   clarity,   making   such   a   payment   does   not   preempt Ultragenyx s audit rights under Section 11.12, which remain in full force and effect.   If Ultragenyx in good faith identifies items in an invoice which are disputed, Ultragenyx will   notify Takeda   in   writing,   noting   its   objection   to   the   disputed   item(s)   with   specificity,   within   ten   (10) business days of receipt of the invoice. Takeda will respond to such written notification   within ten (10) days of receipt of the disputed notification. Thereafter, the Parties shall negotiate    in good faith to resolve the dispute with either Takeda supplying Ultragenyx   documentation justifying   the   charge   or   reducing   or   deleting   the   disputed   amount.   Any   dispute   over   invoiced amounts due that cannot be resolved by direct good faith negotiation between the Parties shall   be resolved   in   accordance   with   ARTICLE   16   (Dispute   Resolution)   of   this   Agreement;   provided further,   if   the   Dispute   is   not   resolved   pursuant   to   Section   16.2,   the   Parties   agree   that   such Dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 16.3. 

(a)   At any time during the Collaboration Term after the completion of     research activities under a Validation Research Plan, either Ultragenyx or Takeda may, through the     JRC,   nominate     a     Candidate     Product     for     selection     as     an     Option     Product,     and     the     JRC     will     promptly consider     such     request.     In     order     for     a     Candidate     Product     to     become     an     Option     Product,     the     JRC must     agree     (by     mutual     agreement     of     the     Parties      representatives     on     the     JRC)     to     (i)     the     selection of the Candidate Product as an Option Product, (ii) a research plan, and budget that identifies     the research     and     development     activities     which     shall     be     performed     and     paid     for     entirely     by Ultragenyx (each, an    Option Product Research Plan   ), and (iii) key terms, including     the territory,     field     of     use,     development     and     commercial     responsibilities     and     financial     terms     (the    Option     Product     Key     Terms   )     to     serve     as     the     basis     for     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement. For clarity, the Option Product Research Plan for [***] Products is the [***] Research     Plan.  
   
   (b)   The [***] Products are designated as Option Products as of the Effective Date.     The Option Product Key Terms for [***] Products are attached hereto as   Exhibit     6.10(b)  .  
   
    6.11    The     Ultragenyx     Option.    Takeda   hereby   grants   to   Ultragenyx,   during   the   applicable Collaboration Term, the exclusive option to obtain, on a product-by-product basis, an exclusive license,   with   the   right   to   grant   sublicenses   through   multiple   tiers,   under   the   Option   Product Technology and Joint Intellectual Property to Exploit (a) the [***] Products and (b) up to five   (5) other   Option   Products   in   the   Licensed   Field   in   the   Territory   (the     Ultragenyx     Option  ),   subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement including ARTICLE   8. 

42 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   At any time during the Collaboration Term, Ultragenyx may exercise     the Ultragenyx     Option     regarding     an     Option     Product     by     notifying     Takeda     in     writing     of     its     intent     to exercise the Option with respect to a specific Option Product and negotiate the terms of a     license agreement     (the        Option     Notice   ).     During     the     period     of     time     beginning     on     the     effective     date     of each     such     Option     Notice     and     ending     [***] thereafter,     which     period     may     be     extended by     mutual     agreement     (the        Option     Negotiation     Period   ),     the     Parties     will     conduct     good     faith negotiations with the intent to agree upon license terms and conclude a definitive     license agreement (the    Option Product License Agreement   ) in accordance with the applicable     Option Product Key Terms and other terms that reflect the expected commercial opportunity     and development     stage     of     the     Option     Product.     Any     such     Option     Product     License     Agreement     will include provisions to address approvals of any Governmental Authority which  are     required before effectiveness of such Option Product License     Agreement.  
   
 (b)   If     the     Parties     cannot     conclude     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement     during     the Option Negotiation Period, Takeda and Ultragenyx shall each have the right to submit the     Option Product Key Terms and other terms for a final decision regarding the terms  of  the     Option Product License Agreement pursuant to binding arbitration under Section 16.3. All rights to     any Option Product for which the Parties do not enter into an Option Product License     Agreement shall revert to Takeda and such Option Product shall be deemed a Terminated Product subject     to Section     15.7(c).  
   
 ARTICLE 7      TAKEDA RESEARCH   SUPPORT 
   
   7.1   Research Support.   During the Collaboration Term and upon mutual agreement of     the Parties, Takeda may provide research support as set forth in this Section 7.1     (   Research     Support   ) to Ultragenyx, at Ultragenyx s sole cost. Such Research Support shall be related to     the development     of     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Products     (in     each     case,     other     than     Exercised     Products)     or Licensed Option Products (in each case, in connection with an Option Product License Agreement), and shall include medicinal chemistry, testing of compounds in disease     animal models, drug formulation and clinical development support. If Ultragenyx and Takeda agree     that Takeda should provide such Research Support, the confidentiality obligations, access  to premises,     and     other     details     related     to     Takeda     personnel     providing     such     Research     Support     to Ultragenyx shall be addressed in a separate agreement between the Parties and such     personnel.  
   
 7.2   Expenses and Invoices.   Ultragenyx shall reimburse Takeda for Takeda s FTE Costs and out-of-pocket Third Party expenses, in each case, incurred by Takeda for the provision of     the Research Support and in accordance with the applicable budget, subject to a     maximum reimbursement     obligation     of [***]     of     such     budget     or     such     greater amount as Ultragenyx may approve in advance. Within forty-five (45) days after the end of     each Calendar Quarter, Takeda will provide a written report and invoice to Ultragenyx setting forth     in reasonable     detail     its     FTEs     and     its     Third     Party     expenses     recorded     for     the     Research     Support. Within     sixty     (60)     days     after     the     receipt     of     such     invoice,     Ultragenyx     shall     pay     the     undisputed portion of any such invoice. For clarity, making such a payment does not preempt     Ultragenyx s audit     rights     under     Section     11.12,     which     remain     in     full     force     and     effect.     If     Ultragenyx     in     good faith identifies items in an invoice which are disputed, Ultragenyx will notify Takeda in     writing,  
   
 43 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

noting   its   objection   to   the   disputed   item(s)   with   specificity,   within   ten   (10)   business   days   of receipt   of   the   invoice.   Takeda   will   respond   to   such   written   notification   within   ten   (10)   days   of receipt of the disputed notification. Thereafter, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to   resolve the   dispute   with   either   Takeda   supplying   Ultragenyx   documentation   justifying   the   charge   or reducing or deleting the disputed amount. Any dispute over invoiced amounts due that cannot   be resolved by direct good faith negotiation between the Parties shall be resolved in    accordance with   ARTICLE   16   (Dispute   Resolution)   of   this   Agreement;   provided   further,   if   the   Dispute   is not   resolved   pursuant   to   Section   16.2,   the   Parties   agree   that   such   dispute   shall   be   resolved pursuant to Section   16.3. 
   
 7.3   Patent Ownership.   If   Research Support is provided pursuant to Section 7.1 related to     an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than an Exercised Product), then, notwithstanding     Section  
 12.1   or   any   other   separate   written   agreement   between   the   Parties   with   respect   to   such   Research Support,   as   between   the   Parties   and   regardless   of   inventorship,   Ultragenyx   shall   own   all   right, title and interest in and to any Patents related to such Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than   an Exercised Product in the Exercised Countries) that arise out of such Research Support.   For purposes of clarity, following the execution of an Option Product License Agreement   or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such license agreement shall govern   the handling   of   activities   of   the   type   covered   by   the   definition   of   Research   Support   related   to   the Product(s) that are the subject of the applicable license   agreement. 
   
   ARTICLE 8      TAKEDA S LICENSE   OPTION 
   
   8.1   The License Option.   In   partial consideration for the premium paid by Takeda     to Ultragenyx under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, Ultragenyx hereby grants to     Takeda during the applicable Takeda Option Term, the exclusive option to obtain (the    Takeda     Option   ), on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, an exclusive license (even as     to Ultragenyx and its Affiliates) to (a) any or all of the Licensed Products in the Ultragenyx     Field,  
 (b)   any   or   all   Licensed   Option   Products   in   the   Licensed   Field,   and   (c)   one   (1)   Ultragenyx Pipeline   Product   in   the   Licensed   Field,   in   each   case   in   any   or   all   of   the   countries   in   the   Takeda Territory.   For   clarity,   if   Takeda   elects   not   to   exercise   the   Takeda   Option   with   respect   to   (i)   any Licensed [***] Product, Licensed Analog Product, Licensed Option Product, or   Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, or (ii) any country in the Takeda Territory, as the case may be, prior to   the expiration   of   the   Takeda   Option   Term   with   respect   to   such   Product   and/or   such   country,   as applicable, then Takeda shall no longer have any rights under the Takeda Option with respect   to such Product and/or such country, as   applicable. 

8.2   
 
  Exercising the License     Option  .     

(a)   Preparation and Delivery of the Data Packages  . Ultragenyx shall prepare     and deliver     to     Takeda     as     soon     as     reasonably     practicable     after     completion     of     the     applicable     Clinical Trials (a) the Final Phase II Data Package for each Licensed [***] Product, Licensed     Analog Product, Licensed Option Product and Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than [***]) and     (b) the Final Phase III Data Package for     [***].  

44 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Takeda Review of Research Data Package  . Following Takeda s receipt of     the applicable     Data     Package     pursuant     to     Section     8.2(a)     and     during     the     applicable     Takeda     Option Term,     Takeda     may     review     and     assess     the     Data     Package     to     determine     whether     it     will     submit     the Takeda Option Notice. During this review period, upon Takeda s  reasonable      request, Ultragenyx shall promptly make available to Takeda: (i) its employees, consultants     and independent contractors (subject to the availability of any independent contractors)     who performed the activities on behalf of Ultragenyx, including the preparation of the Data     Package; and (ii) any additional Information under Ultragenyx s possession and Control related to     the applicable products that is reasonably useful in evaluating the Data     Package.  
   
   (c)   Takeda Option Exercise Mechanics  . Takeda may exercise the Takeda     Option for one or more Licensed [***] Products, one or more Licensed Analog Products, one or     more Licensed Option Products, and one Ultragenyx Pipeline Product on a country-by-country basis     in the Takeda Territory at any time during the applicable Takeda Option Term by providing     written notice to Ultragenyx (the    Takeda Option Notice   ) identifying the applicable     Products (   Exercised     Products   )     and     countries     (   Exercised     Countries        provided,     however,     that     Takeda may     exercise     the     Takeda     Option     with     respect     to     each     Licensed     Product     only     once     (i.e.,     if     the Takeda     Option     is     exercised     with     respect     to     a     particular     Licensed     Product     for     fewer     than     all applicable     countries,     then     additional     countries     may     not     be     added     by     additional     exercises     of     the Takeda Option with respect to that particular Licensed     Product).  
   
   (d)   During     the     period     of     time     beginning     on     the     effective     date     of     the     Takeda     Option Notice and ending [***], which period may be extended by     mutual agreement (the    Takeda Option Negotiation Period   ), the Parties will conduct good     faith negotiations to conclude a definitive license agreement (the    Exercised Product     License     Agreement   ). Such Exercised Product License Agreement shall include the     following:  
   
 (i)   the     following     license     grant     with     respect     to     the     Exercised     Products     in     the Exercised     Countries,     which,     to     the     extent     of     any     conflict,     shall     supersede     the     Ultragenyx     [***] License and Takeda [***] License and the terms of any Option Product License     Agreement: Ultragenyx hereby grants to Takeda an exclusive license (even as to Ultragenyx and     its Affiliates), with the right to grant sublicenses through multiple tiers, under the     Ultragenyx Intellectual     Property     and     Joint     Intellectual     Property,     to     Exploit     the     Exercised     Products     in     the Ultragenyx     Field     (where     such     Exercised     Product     is     a     Licensed     Product)     or     the     Licensed     Field (where such Exercised Product is a Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product)     in the Exercised     Countries;  
   
 (ii)   financial terms in ARTICLE 11 (and related definitions) applicable     to Exercised Products (and no other consideration payable by     Takeda);  
   
 (iii)   provisions to address approvals of any Governmental Authority which     are required before effectiveness of the Exercised Product License     Agreement;  
   
 (iv)   provisions to address the prosecution, enforcement and defense of     Patents that cover Exercised Products similar to those contained in ARTICLE     12;  
   
 45 

(v)   the right for Takeda to terminate for convenience upon [***] written notice;  
   
 (vi)   the     right     for     Takeda     to,     in     lieu     of     termination     for     Ultragenyx s     material breach or insolvency, receive rights on the basis set forth in Section     15.7(a)(ii)(B);  
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(vii)    provisions     that     upon     the     expiration     of     the     Takeda     Royalty     Term     for     each Exercised     Product     in     each     Exercised     Country,     Takeda     shall     have     a     non-exclusive,     fully-paid     up and irrevocable license under the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property with respect to such     Exercised Product     in     such     Exercised     Country     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     (for     Exercised     Products     that     are Licensed Products) and in the Licensed Field (for Exercised Products that are Option Products     or Ultragenyx Products);     and     ARTICLE     18.  
 (viii)   to the extent applicable, Miscellaneous provisions as contained in  
 (e)   If     the     Parties     cannot     conclude     the     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     during the     Takeda     Option     Negotiation     Period,     Takeda     and     Ultragenyx     shall     each     have     the     right     to submit     the     terms     for     a     final     decision     regarding     the     terms     (other     than     those     specified     in     Section 8.2(d)) of the Exercised Product License Agreement pursuant to binding arbitration      under Section     16.3.     For     clarity,     the     terms     set     forth     in     Section     8.2(d)     must     be     included     within     the Exercised Product License Agreement and are not subject to arbitration and Ultragenyx shall     be required     to     enter     into     an     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     including     those     terms     if     the Takeda Option is exercised pursuant to Section     8.2(c).  
   
 8.3   Takeda Right of First Negotiation on Ultragenyx Pipeline Products.   As     additional consideration for the premium being paid by Takeda to Ultragenyx under the Common     Stock Purchase Agreement, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this     Agreement, if,     during the     [***] period     following     expiration     of     the     applicable     Takeda     Option Term,     Ultragenyx     intends     to     license     (all     or     a     subset     of     all     rights)     or     otherwise     transfer     any Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Product     to     a     Third     Party     in     the     Takeda     ROFN     Territory,     Ultragenyx     will provide     Takeda     with     prior     written     notice     of     such     intent     and,     for     a     period     of     [***] after receipt of such notice, Takeda will have a right of first negotiation to enter into     a definitive     agreement     with     Ultragenyx     for     such     license     (of     all     or     a     subset     of     all     rights)     or     other transfer in the Takeda ROFN Territory. If the Parties fail to enter into a  definitive     agreement prior to the expiration of the [***] period, Ultragenyx will have the     right to     enter     into     a     definitive     agreement     with     a     Third     Party     for     the     license     (of     all     or     a     subset     of     all rights) or other transfer of such Ultragenyx Pipeline Product in the Takeda ROFN     Territory.  
   
 8.4   Transition of Responsibilities After Exercise of the Takeda Option  . Ultragenyx     shall, in     accordance     with     a     transition     plan     set     forth     in     the     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement, transfer to Takeda all activities and responsibilities related to the Exercised Products in     the Exercised Countries. The Parties shall exercise Commercially Reasonable Efforts to      complete the     transfer     in     accordance     with     such     transition     plan.     Any     dispute     between     the     Parties     regarding the transition shall be resolved as set forth in the Exercised Product License     Agreement.  
   
 46 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

8.5   Development and Commercialization After Exercise of the Takeda Option  .     After exercise of the Takeda Option, Takeda will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Exploit     the Exercised     Products     in     the     Takeda     Option     Field     in     the     Exercised     Countries     at     its     sole     cost     and expense; provided, however, notwithstanding the above, Takeda s financial commitment     toward global     Development     costs     for     Licensed     Option     Products     and     an     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Products will be in accordance with the terms set forth in Section     8.6.  
   
   8.6   Cost Sharing for Development Activities in Takeda Territory  . After exercise of     the Takeda Option with respect to a Licensed Option Product and/or an Ultragenyx Pipeline     Product:  
   
 (a)   the     Parties     will     share     the     costs     of     future     global     Development     activities     for     such Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, as applicable, including costs     for Clinical Trials and clinical drug supply and chemistry, manufacturing and     controls-related activities in accordance with mutually agreed upon Development plans, budgets and cost     sharing structures; provided that Takeda shall only be required to share global Development costs     where the Development activities are necessary or reasonably useful to support the     Development, Regulatory     Approval     and     Commercialization     of     such     product     in     the     Takeda     Territory,     in     which case     Takeda     will     contribute     [***].     For     clarity,     Takeda     will     not     be     required     to share     in     the     costs     of     future     global     Development     activities     where     the     Development     activities, including Clinical Trials, are not necessary and are not used to support the     Development,  
 Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of such product in the Takeda Territory;   and 
   
 (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Takeda shall be solely responsible for     all Development     costs     where     the     Development     activities     are     required     specifically     and     solely     for Regulatory Approval of a Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product,     as applicable, in the Takeda Territory. If such Development activities are also necessary     or reasonably     useful     for     Regulatory     Approval     of     a     Licensed     Product,     Licensed     Option     Product     or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, as applicable, outside the Takeda Territory, the Parties     will negotiate in good faith to agree upon an equitable sharing of costs for such     Development activities.  
   
 ARTICLE 9        REGULATORY 
   
   9.1   Lead Regulatory Party  .  Primary regulatory responsibility under this Agreement     shall be     assigned     to     one     of     the     Parties     (such     Party,     the        Lead     Regulatory     Party   )     as     set     forth     in     this Section 9.1.  
   
 (a)   Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for all Licensed Products     until expiration     of     the     [***]     Option     Term.     Following     expiration     of     the     [***]     Option     Term,     whether     or not     Ultragenyx     has     exercised     the     [***]     Option     (i)     Takeda     shall     be     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     for Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, and     (ii) Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for Licensed [***] Products in the Ultragenyx     Field and shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for Licensed Analog Products in the Ultragenyx     Field.  
   
 47 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for all Ultragenyx     Pipeline Products in the Territory until expiration of the Takeda Option Term. Following the      expiration of     the     Takeda     Option     Term,     Ultragenyx     shall     be     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     in     the     Territory     for all Ultragenyx Pipeline Products for which the Parties have not entered into an Exercised     Product License Agreement. For clarity, at all times Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory Party      for all Ultragenyx Pipeline Products outside of the Takeda Territory. If Takeda exercises the     Takeda Option with respect to an Exercised Product, the Exercised Product License Agreement     shall provide that Takeda shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for such Exercised Product in     the Licensed Field in the Takeda     Territory.  
   
 (c)   The Parties will agree as to which Party shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for     the [***]     Products     and     each     Candidate     Product     prior     to     the     expiration     of     the     Collaboration     Term; provided, however, that Takeda shall be the Lead Regulatory Party (i) if the Parties are unable     to agree,     (ii)     at     any     time     after     Ultragenyx     provides     Takeda     written     notice     that     it     will     not     exercise the     Ultragenyx     Option     with     respect     to     the     [***]     Products     and     (iii)     for     the     planned     Scientific Advice with the Dutch Medicines Evaluation Board and US Orphan Drug Designation     follow-up (as needed) for [***]. Ultragenyx shall be the Lead Regulatory     Party for     each     Option     Product     for     which     the     Parties     have     entered     into     an     Option     Product     License Agreement and Takeda shall be the Lead Regulatory Party for each Option Product for which     the Parties have not entered into an Option Product License     Agreement.  
   
 (d)   In     accordance     with     the     foregoing,     upon     entering     into     an     Option     Product     License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, it is understood that the terms of     such Option     Product     License     Agreement     or     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     will     govern     with respect to such Option Product covered by such Option Product License Agreement or     Exercised Product covered by such Exercised Product License Agreement, as     applicable.  
   
 9.2   Initial Transfer of Data and Regulatory     Materials  .  

(a)   
 
  Transfer to     Ultragenyx   

(i)   As     soon     as     practicable     after     the     Effective     Date,     but     in     any     event     no     later than sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, Takeda shall timely transfer to Ultragenyx copies     of  
 (A) all Regulatory Materials (in electronic or other format) in its possession related to the use   of the   Licensed   [***]   Products   in   the   Ultragenyx   Field   (and,   solely   for   purposes   of   Ultragenyx s performance of its obligations under Section 4.3(a)(ii), in the Takeda Field) and (B) the briefing book, FDA meeting minutes, Takeda meeting minutes, and FDA correspondence associated with  [***], the US Orphan Drug Designation Request and subsequent regulatory correspondence, and the briefing book and correspondence for Scientific Advice with the Dutch Medicines Evaluation Board,  in each case for the [***] Products in   the Licensed   Field   and   existing   as   of   such   date   of   transfer.   Following   each   such   transfer   and   at   a time to be mutually agreed by the Parties, the Parties shall take all steps necessary (a)   for Ultragenyx to own or have the right of reference to the INDs and Regulatory   Approvals necessary to conduct Development of the Licensed [***] Product in the Ultragenyx Field and   (b) for Takeda to own or have the right of reference to the INDs and Regulatory   Approvals necessary to conduct Development of the Licensed [***] Product in the Takeda   Field. 
 48 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(ii)   Within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, Takeda shall     make available     to     Ultragenyx     separate     copies     (in     electronic     or     other     format)     of     the     study     reports   from all non-clinical trials and Clinical Trials in the Territory  , in each case, whether completed as of the Effective Date or then in-progress, that are Controlled by Takeda (to the extent      not previously     provided     to     Ultragenyx),     as     such     reports     become     available     to     Takeda,     and     to     the extent that they relate to the use of the Licensed [***] Products for the     Territory.  

(b)   
 
  Transfer to     Takeda   

(i)   As soon as practicable after the effective date of an Exercised     Product License Agreement for a given Exercised Product, but in any event no later than sixty (60)     days after such date, Ultragenyx shall timely transfer to Takeda copies of all Regulatory Materials     (in electronic or other format) in its possession related to the use of the Exercised Product in     the Exercised Countries and which support the Product INDs, the Product Regulatory Approvals     and associated     correspondence,     existing     as     of     such     date     of     transfer.     Promptly     after     such     transfer, Ultragenyx shall take all steps necessary to transfer ownership of all such Product INDs     and Product Regulatory Approvals in the Takeda Territory to Takeda, including, if     applicable,     submitting to the PMDA a letter or other necessary documentation (with a copy to Takeda) notifying     the     PMDA     of     the     transfer     of     such     ownership.     From     time     to     time     after     the     IND     Date, and     solely     to     the     extent     not     previously     disclosed,     Ultragenyx     shall,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates to,     without     additional     compensation,     disclose     and     make     available     to     Takeda,     in     whatever     form Takeda     may     reasonably     request,     all     Regulatory     Materials     Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     and     related to the use of an Exercised Product in the Exercised     Countries.  
   
 (ii)   Within sixty (60) days after the Parties enter into an Exercised     Product License     Agreement     for     a     given     Exercised     Product,     Ultragenyx     shall     make     available     to     Takeda separate copies (in electronic or other format) of the study reports from all non-clinical trials     and Clinical Trials in the Territory, in each case, whether completed as of the Effective Date, that     are Controlled     by     Ultragenyx     (to     the     extent     not     previously     provided     to     Takeda),     as     such     reports become available to Ultragenyx, and to the extent that they relate to the use of the     Exercised Products in the Exercised     Countries.  

9.3   
 
  Preparation of Regulatory     Materials  .   

(a)   After     the     Effective     Date     (or,     as     applicable,     the     IND     Date),     the     Lead     Regulatory Party     shall     have     the     sole     right     and     responsibility,     and     shall     exercise     Commercially     Reasonable Efforts,     to     prepare,     obtain,     and     maintain,     as     applicable,     the     Regulatory     Materials,     including     the Product INDs, the Product Regulatory Approvals, and other submissions, and to     conduct communications with the FDA, for the relevant Products in the applicable indication in     the Territory     or     applicable     portion     thereof,     except     in     the     case     of     Licensed     [***]     Products     from     the Effective Date until expiration of the [***] Option Term, during which time Takeda shall hold     the IND     and     Ultragenyx     (i.e.,     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party)     shall     receive     a     right     of     reference     from Takeda. Except with respect to Licensed [***] Products from the Effective Date until expiration     of the     [***]     Option     Term,     all     Product     INDs     and     Product     Regulatory     Approvals     generated     after     the Effective     Date,     including     any     supplements     or     amendments     to     those     Product     INDs     and     Product Regulatory Approvals in existence as of the Effective Date, with respect to such Products in     the  
 49 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

applicable indication in the Territory or applicable portion thereof under this Agreement shall   be owned   by,   and   shall   be   the   sole   property   and   held   in   the   name   of,   Lead   Regulatory   Party   or   its designee. 
   
 (b)   Other     than     the Scientific Advice Briefing Book for the [***] Products which has been prepared as of the Execution Date but not yet been submitted, the Lead Regulatory Party shall provide the other Party with an opportunity to review and comment on all material Regulatory Materials submitted by the Lead Regulatory Party to a Regulatory Authority after the Effective Date, in each case reasonably in advance of when the Lead Regulatory Party intends     to submit such Regulatory Materials to the applicable Regulatory Authority. The other Party     shall provide     its     comments     within     [***],     or     such     other     period     of     time     mutually agreed to by the Parties. The Lead Regulatory Party shall consider in good faith any     such comments     of     the     other     Party.     The     Lead     Regulatory     Party     shall     provide     the     other     Party     with     a copy in electronic form of all material Regulatory Materials filed with the Regulatory     Authority related to the use of the relevant     Products.  
   
 (c)   The     Lead     Regulatory     Party     shall     notify     the     other     Party     within     no     less     than   [***]     of     any     request     for     a     meeting     or     substantive     telephone     conference     call     with     a Regulatory Authority with respect to any Product IND or Product Regulatory Approval.     Upon the other Party s request, the Lead Regulatory Party shall request that the FDA or     other Regulatory     Authority     permit     at     least [***]     of     the     other     Party s     employees     to     attend     any     such meeting     or     conference     call.     To     the     extent     permitted     by     the     FDA     or     other     Regulatory     Authority, the other Party shall have the right to participate in any such meeting or conference call.     The foregoing     rights     and     obligations     apply     with     respect     to     meetings     or     conferences     initiated     by     the Lead Regulatory Party or by a Regulatory Authority. The Lead Regulatory Party shall     promptly furnish the other Party with copies of all substantive correspondence related to the     relevant Product     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     has     had     with     the     Regulatory     Authority,     and     contact     reports concerning substantive conversations or minutes from any substantive meetings with     a Regulatory Authority related to such     Product.  
   
 (d)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Takeda, in consultation with Ultragenyx, shall     be responsible for the preparation of any components of Regulatory Materials to be filed     by Ultragenyx that relate to the Manufacture of a Licensed Product or Option Product. Takeda     shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to prepare such components in a timely manner     and provide such components to Ultragenyx with sufficient time for Ultragenyx to review     and comment on such components; provided, however, that Takeda may use an     alternative arrangement     (such     as     a     drug     master     file)     to     preserve     the     confidentiality     of     such     components     to the extent required by any Third Party agreements or, in Takeda s reasonable discretion,     if otherwise necessary to protect Takeda confidential information and such alternative     arrangement is     permissible     under     Applicable     Laws;     provided,     further,     that     if     Ultragenyx     reasonably     requests additional     information     with     respect     to     the     Development     or     Commercialization     of     a     Licensed Product     or     Option     Product     otherwise     treated     as     confidential     in     such     alternative     arrangement (such     as     a     drug     master     file),     Takeda     shall     reasonably     consider     such     request.     In     the     event     that Ultragenyx elects to Manufacture a Licensed Product or Option Product, Ultragenyx shall     notify Takeda of such election and, to the extent covered by the license rights granted in Sections     3.1(a)  
   
 50 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

and 3.1(c) (for Licensed Products) or Section 6.5(a) (for Option Products), Takeda    shall promptly   transfer   to   Ultragenyx   or   its   Third   Party   designee   all   Regulatory   Materials,   processes and   technical   information   Controlled   by   Takeda   or   its   Affiliates   that   are   reasonably   necessary and   useful   for   the   Manufacture   of   such   Licensed   Product   or   Option   Product,   and   thereafter Ultragenyx   shall   be   responsible   for   the   preparation   of   any   components   of   Regulatory   Materials to be filed related to the Manufacture by Ultragenyx or its Third Party designee of such   Licensed Product or Option   Product. 

9.4   
 
  Cooperation, Consultation and Review  .     

(a)   The     Parties     shall     cooperate     with     each     other     to     achieve     the     regulatory     objectives contemplated herein in a timely, accurate and responsive manner and shall assist the other     Party as reasonably requested in connection with the preparation and filing of Regulatory Materials     in the     Licensed     Field,     whether     in     or     outside     of     the     Territory.     The     Parties     shall     establish     a     joint regulatory     working     group     to     manage     Licensed     Product     regulatory     activities     and     issues.     It     is     the intention     of     the     Parties     that     the     joint     regulatory     working     group     shall     meet     (in     person     or     via teleconference) on an as-needed basis after the Effective Date and throughout the Term, but at     a minimum on a quarterly basis. The Parties agree and acknowledge that the activities     of Ultragenyx     with     respect     to     (i)     Licensed     [***]     Products     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field     and     (ii)     Licensed Analog Products in the Licensed Field and the activities of Takeda with respect to (A)     Licensed [***] Products in the Takeda Field and (B) Licensed Products outside of the Licensed Field,     shall be coordinated such that they are consistent with the overall objective of facilitating     Regulatory Approvals.  
   
 (b)   The other Party shall assist the Lead Regulatory Party, as is reasonably     necessary, in order for the Lead Regulatory Party to obtain and maintain the Product INDs and the     Product Regulatory Approvals, including in connection with the preparation and filing of     Regulatory Materials necessary to maintain such Product INDs and Product Regulatory     Approvals.  
   
 9.5   Regulatory Costs and Expenses  . Each Party shall bear its own costs and     expenses incurred related to the preparation, maintenance, formatting and filing of the     Regulatory Materials.  
   
 9.6   Rights of Reference to Regulatory Materials  . Each Party hereby grants to the     other Party     a     right     of     reference     to     all     Regulatory     Materials,     including     any     data     relied     on     in     support     of such Regulatory Materials, solely for the purpose of seeking, obtaining and     maintaining Regulatory     Approvals     for     the     Products,     consistent     with     the     roles     of     the     Parties     set     forth     in     this Agreement.  
   
 9.7   Labeling Information Exchange/Labeling Agreement  . The Parties shall cooperate     to develop methods and/or procedures for sharing information related to Labeling. Specific     details regarding the management of Labeling information, including CCDS will be delineated in     a separate Labeling agreement that shall be agreed upon by the     Parties.  

9.8   
 
  Adverse Event Reporting and Safety Data     Exchange  .     

51 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   Safety Information Exchange; Pharmacovigilance     Agreement  .  
   
   (i)   The Parties shall cooperate to develop methods and/or procedures     for sharing information relating to the clinical experiences in accordance with safety     reporting requirements     of     the     respective     Regulatory     Authorities     and     as     necessary     for     a     Party     to     comply with Applicable Laws. Specific details regarding the management of safety      information including     adverse     events     reports     related     to     the     Development     and     the     Commercialization     of     the Products will be delineated in a separate global pharmacovigilance agreement (the    PVA   )     that shall be agreed to by the Parties as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than [***] of the Effective Date. The Lead Regulatory Party shall     be responsible for the compliance and filing of all required safety reports to the     Regulatory Authorities in the Territory, including annual safety reports, throughout the     Term.  

(ii)   
 
  The PVA shall provide as     follows:   

(A)   Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Lead     Regulatory Party     shall     maintain     the     global     safety     database     for     the     Products,     and     mirror     databases     will     be maintained by the other Party; provided, however, that Takeda shall maintain the global     safety database     regarding     Licensed     [***]     Products,     and     Ultragenyx     shall     maintain     the     global     safety database regarding Licensed Analog Products. For clarity, to the extent a Party is no     longer actively Developing or Commercializing a Licensed [***] Product, then the global     safety database shall be transferred to the Party that continues to actively Develop or     Commercialize such Licensed [***]     Product.  
   
 (B)   Each Party shall timely report to the other Party all     clinical experiences, safety monitoring, and pharmacovigilance surveillance observed in the     Territory, which in all cases shall be (i) for clinical studies: as soon as practicable, [***]     and     (ii)     for     commercial Products: [***]; exchange of information shall     be on     a     Council     for     International     Organizations     of     Medical     Sciences     Suspect     Adverse     Reaction Report Form ( CIOMS     Form ).  
   
 (C)   The other Party shall prepare and provide to the     Lead Regulatory     Party     on     a     timely     basis     safety     updates     in     order     for     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     to meet     the     safety     report     submission     requirements     necessary     to     maintain     the     Product     INDs     and the Product Regulatory     Approvals.  
   
 (b)   Regulatory Reporting of Safety Information  .  The Parties shall work      together to achieve consensus with respect to safety issues related to the Products, including urgent     safety information, and to report said opinion to safety boards, investigators, and to     applicable Regulatory     Authorities.     In     the     event     that,     after     reasonable     medical     and     scientific     consultation, the Parties cannot achieve consensus with respect to safety issues to be reported to      any applicable     Regulatory     Authority,     the     Lead     Regulatory     Party     shall     have     final     decision     making  
 52 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

authority with respect to the Products in the Licensed Field in the Territory.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may report safety matters to a   Regulatory Authority   that   it   reasonably   determines   are   necessary   to   report   prior   to   the   conclusion   of   the dispute resolution   procedure. 
   
 9.9   Regulatory Authority Communications Received by a Party  . Each Party shall     inform the other Party in a timely manner, not to exceed [***], of the notification of     any action by, or notification or other information which it receives (directly or indirectly) from     any Regulatory Authority which: (i) raises any material concerns regarding the safety or efficacy of     a Product; (ii) indicates or suggests a potential material liability of either Party to Third Parties     in connection with a Product; (iii) is reasonably likely to lead to a recall or market withdrawal of     a Product;     or     (iv)     relates     to     expedited     reports     of     adverse     events     with     respect     to     a     Product,     or Product Complaints, and which may have a material impact on obtaining or     maintaining Regulatory Approval or the continued Commercialization of a Product, as then conducted.     The other Party will fully cooperate with and assist such Party in complying with     regulatory obligations and communications, including by providing to such Party, in a timely manner after     a request, such information and documentation in the other Party s possession as may be     necessary or helpful for the Party to prepare a response to an inquiry from a Regulatory Authority.     Each Party will provide the other Party in a timely manner with a copy of all correspondence     received from a Regulatory Authority specifically regarding the matters referred to     above.  
   
 9.10   Audit  .     If     a     Regulatory     Authority     desires     to     conduct     an     inspection     or     audit     of     a     Party s facility or a facility under contract with such Party with regard to a Product in the Territory,     then the audited Party shall notify the other Party as soon as practicably possible after receipt of     such notification of such audit or inspection and provide copies of any materials provided to it by     the applicable Regulatory Authority; provided, that the audited Party shall not be required to     notify the other Party of audits or inspections that are of a routine nature or that do not relate to     a Product, except where such audits result in communications or actions of such     Regulatory Authority     which     have     a     direct     impact     upon     a     Product.     In     addition,     if     a     Regulatory     Authority conducts an unannounced inspection or audit of a Party s facility or a facility under contract     with such Party with regard to a Product in the Territory, then the audited Party shall notify the     other Party within [***] of commencement of such audit or inspection. The     audited Party shall cooperate, and shall use reasonable efforts to cause the contract facility to     cooperate, with such Regulatory Authority and the other Party during such inspection or audit.     Following receipt of the inspection or audit observations of such Regulatory Authority (a copy of which     the audited Party will immediately provide to the other Party), the audited Party will also provide     the other     Party     with     copies     of     any     written     communications     received     from     Regulatory     Authorities with respect to such facilities in a timely manner after receipt, to the extent such     written communications     relate     directly     to     a     Product     or     the     Manufacture     thereof,     and     will     prepare     the response to any such observations. The audited Party will provide the other Party with a copy     of any proposed response to such communications and will consider in good faith  such     other Party s reasonable comments with respect to such proposed response. The audited Party      agrees to conform its activities under this Agreement to any commitments made in such a     response.  

53 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

9.11   Recalls and Voluntary Withdrawals  . Each Party shall notify the other Party     promptly but     in     no     event     later     than     [***]     following     its     determination     that     any     event, incident, or circumstance has occurred that may result in the need for a recall, market     suspension, or market withdrawal of a Product under any MAA or Regulatory Approval for the Product     held by     such     Party     and     filed     with     Regulatory     Authorities     in     the     Territory,     and     shall     include     in     such notice the reasoning behind such determination, and any supporting facts. Such Party shall     have the sole right to make the final determination whether to voluntarily implement any such     recall, market     suspension,     or     market     withdrawal     in     the     Territory;     provided     that     prior     to     any implementation     of     such     a     recall,     market     suspension,     or     market     withdrawal,     the     such     Party     shall, to the extent practical, consult with the other Party and shall consider the other Party s     comments in good faith. For all recalls, market suspensions or market withdrawals undertaken pursuant     to this     Section     9.11,     such     Party     shall     be     solely     responsible     for     the     execution     thereof,     and     the     other Party     shall     reasonably     cooperate     in     all     such     recall     efforts.     Subject     to     ARTICLE     17,     such     Party shall     be     responsible     for     all     costs     of     any     such     recall,     market     suspension,     or     market     withdrawal; provided that, the other Party shall be responsible for the costs of any recall, market     suspension, or market withdrawal with respect to a Product in the Territory to the extent such recall,     market suspension, or market withdrawal is attributable to the other Party s breach of its     obligations hereunder or its negligence, recklessness or willful     misconduct.  
   
 ARTICLE 10      MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY 
   
 10.1  Supply Agreement . The Parties shall enter into mutually agreeable supply agreements   as soon as appropriate after the Effective Date covering the manufacture and research supply   (other than as provided in Section 6.6), clinical supply or Commercial supply of Compounds   or Products needed for Development or   Commercialization. 
   
       ARTICLE 11      PAYMENT 
   
   11.1     Licensed Product Development Milestones Payable to     Takeda  .  
   
 (a)   Ultragenyx     shall     pay     to     Takeda     a     milestone     payment     within     forty-five     (45)     days after the first achievement of each of the following milestones for each Licensed     Product, calculated as follows:  
   
 (i)   [***];  
   
 (ii)   upon Regulatory Approval of [***];  
   
 (iii)   upon both (A) Regulatory Approval of [***] and (B) Pricing Approval [***]  
   
 (iv)   [***];  
   
 54 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(v)   upon Regulatory Approval of [***]  ;     and  
   
 (vi)   upon both (A) Regulatory Approval of [***] and (B) Pricing Approval [***]  
   
 (b)   Each     milestone     payment     in     this     Section     11.1     shall     be     payable     only     upon     the     first achievement     of     such     milestone     for     each     Licensed     Product     and     no     amounts     shall     be     due     for subsequent or repeated achievements of such milestone for the same Licensed     Product.  

11.2   
 
    Licensed Product Sales Milestones Payable to     Takeda  .     

(a)   Ultragenyx     shall     pay     to     Takeda     a     milestone     payment     within     [***] after     the     first     achievement     of     each     of     the     following     milestones     for     the     aggregated     annual     Net Sales of all Licensed Products, calculated as     follows:  
   
 (i)   upon the Net Sales in the Territory of all Licensed Products made     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in a given Calendar Year equaling or exceeding     [***];  
   
 (ii)   upon the Net Sales in the Territory of all Licensed Products made     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in a given Calendar Year equaling or exceeding     [***];     and  
   
 (iii)   upon the Net Sales in the Territory of all Licensed Products made     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in a given Calendar Year equaling or exceeding     [***].  
   
 (b)   Each     milestone     payment     in     this     Section     11.2     shall     be     payable     only     upon     the     first achievement     of     such     milestone     for     all     Licensed     Products     in     aggregate     and     no     amounts     shall     be due for subsequent or repeated achievements of such milestone. If two or more milestone     events are achieved in the same Calendar Year, Ultragenyx shall pay to Takeda each milestone     payment corresponding to the respective milestone     event.  
   
   11.3   Licensed Product Royalties Payable to Takeda.   Subject to Section 11.8 below,     and during     the     applicable     Licensed     Product     Royalty     Term,     Ultragenyx     shall     pay     to     Takeda,     on     a Licensed     Product-by-Licensed     Product     basis,     a     running     royalty     at     the     following     incremental royalty rates, on Net Sales of each Licensed Product in the Territory in a Calendar     Year:  

Net Sales in the   Territory  
 
 Royalty   Rate  

For that portion of annual Net Sales less than  $ [***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or  
 
 [***]%  

55 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

11.4   
 
  Exercised Product Milestones and Fees Payable to     Ultragenyx  .     

(a)   Pursuant     to     the     applicable     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement,     Takeda     shall pay     to     Ultragenyx     a     milestone     payment     of     [***]     within     [***]     after     the     first     Regulatory     Approval     in     the     first     indication     in     Japan     for     [***] if such product is an Exercised Product that has     not been terminated at the time of such Regulatory Approval. The milestone payment in this     Section 11.4(a) shall be payable only upon the first achievement of such milestone for each     such Exercised Product and no amounts shall be due for subsequent or repeated achievements of     such milestone for such Exercised Product. For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable   by   Takeda     for     each     Exercised     Product     pursuant     to     this     Section     11.4(a)     is     [***].  
   
 (b)   For all Ultragenyx Pipeline Products other than [***], during the Takeda Option Negotiation Period for such Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, the     Parties will negotiate in good faith (for inclusion in the applicable Exercised Product     License Agreement) commercially reasonable financial terms in addition to the royalties contemplated     in Section 11.6 (such as one or more of the following: option exercise fees, sales and     development milestones, reimbursement for historical research and development costs allocable to Japan,     and milestones due to Third Party licensors) for such Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, taking     into consideration     factors     such     as     the     investment     in     the     collaboration     under     this     agreement     already made by Takeda, including the premium paid by Takeda to Ultragenyx under the Common     Stock Purchase     Agreement.     If     the     Parties     cannot     reach     agreement     on     such     commercially     reasonable financial terms during the Takeda Option Negotiation Period, either Takeda or Ultragenyx     may seek a final decision regarding the commercially reasonable financial terms pursuant to     binding arbitration as set forth in Section 16.3.  
   
   11.5   Licensed Product Royalties Payable to Ultragenyx for the Exercised     Countries  . Subject to Section 11.8 below, and during the applicable Licensed Product Royalty Term, pursuant     to     the     applicable     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement,     Takeda     shall     pay     to Ultragenyx, on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis, a running royalty at the     following incremental     royalty     rates,     on     aggregate,     Net     Sales     of     each     Exercised     Product     that     is     a     Licensed Product in the Exercised Countries in a Calendar     Year:  
   
 (a)   If     the     Takeda     Option     for     such     Licensed     Product     is     exercised     by     Takeda     prior     to Takeda s receipt of the Final Phase II Data Package for such Licensed     Product:  

56 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Net Sales in the Exercised   Countries  
 
 Royalty   Rate  

For that portion of annual Net Sales less than   $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

(b)   If the Takeda Option for such Licensed Product is exercised by Takeda     after Takeda s receipt of the Final Phase II Data Package for such Licensed     Product:  

Net Sales in the Exercised   Countries  
 
 Royalty   Rate  

For that portion of annual Net Sales less than   $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***] but less than $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

For that portion of annual Net Sales greater than   or equal to $[***]  
 
 [***]%  

11.6   Licensed Option Product and Ultragenyx Pipeline Product Royalties Payable     to Ultragenyx for the Exercised Countries  . During the Takeda Option Negotiation Period for     a Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, the Parties will negotiate in good     faith (for     inclusion     in     the     applicable     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement)     tiered     royalty     rates     on annual Net Sales of such Licensed Option Product or Ultragenyx Pipeline Product to be paid     by Takeda to Ultragenyx during the Takeda Royalty Term. If the Parties cannot reach agreement     on such tiered royalty rates during the Takeda Option Negotiation Period, either Takeda     or Ultragenyx     may     seek     a     final     decision     regarding     the     royalty     rates     pursuant     to     binding     arbitration as set forth in Section     16.3.  
   
   11.7   Royalty Reduction for Generic Product Entry in a Country  . On a Licensed     Product- by-Licensed Product basis, the royalty rates set forth in Sections 11.3 and 11.5 for Net Sales of     a Product     in     a     country     shall     be     reduced     by     [***]     in     each     Calendar     Quarter     during which the Generic Competition Percentage with respect to such Licensed Product in      such country in such Calendar Quarter is greater than or equal to [***].  
   
 57 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

11.8   
 
    Payment for Third Party     Licenses  .     

(a)   Each     Party     will     be     responsible     for     paying     all     Third     Party     license     fees,     royalties, and/or milestones, with respect to Third Party licenses entered into by such Party or its     Affiliates prior to or on the Effective Date or during the Term, for intellectual property that is necessary     or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of any Licensed Product. For such Third Party licenses     to Preexisting Third Party IP, the paying Party will be entitled to deduct up to [***] of such amounts due to any such Third Party from royalties payable to the other Party hereunder     on such     Licensed     Product.     For     such     Third     Party     licenses     obtained     during     the     Term,     the     paying Party will be entitled to deduct [***] of such amounts due to any such Third     Party from royalties payable to the other Party hereunder on such Licensed Product.     Notwithstanding the     foregoing,     in     no     event     shall     such     royalty     payable     to     Takeda     in     any     Calendar     Quarter     as     a result     of     this     reduction     be     less     than     [***] of     the     amount     that     would     otherwise     be due.  
   
 (b)   Ultragenyx shall be responsible for paying all Third Party license fees,     royalties, and/or milestones, with respect to Third Party licenses for intellectual property that is     necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of any Ultragenyx Pipeline Product, where      such licenses     are     entered     into     (i)     prior     to     or     on     the     Effective     Date     or     (ii)     unless     and     until     such Ultragenyx Pipeline Product is an Exercised Product, during the Term. Each Party will be responsible     for     paying     all     Third     Party     license     fees,     royalties,     and/or     milestones,     with     respect     to Third Party licenses for intellectual property that is necessary or reasonably useful for     the Exploitation of any Ultragenyx Pipeline Product that is an Exercised Product entered into      by such Party or its Affiliates on or after the date on which it becomes an Exercised Product.     For such     Third     Party     licenses     obtained     by     Takeda     or     its     Affiliates,     Takeda     will     be     entitled     to     deduct [***] of     such     amounts     due     to     any     such     Third     Party     from     royalties     payable     to Ultragenyx on such Exercised Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall     the royalty     payable     to     Ultragenyx     in     any     Calendar     Quarter     on     such     Exercised     Product     as     a     result     of this reduction be less than [***] of the amount that would otherwise be     due.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, for intellectual property held by a Third Party     that is necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of any Exercised Products in both     the Exercised     Countries     and     other     countries     in     the     Territory,     the     Parties     will     coordinate     license negotiations with such Third Party for rights in both the Exercised Countries and other     countries in the     Territory.  
   
   11.9   Manner of Royalty Payment.   Each Party will  calculate and report royalty      payments due     by     such     Party     to     the     other     Party     under     Section     11.3     or     11.5,     as     applicable,     each     Calendar Quarter. Each Party shall pay all royalty payments due under Section 11.3 or 11.5, as     applicable, within sixty (60) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter and shall include  with     each payment     a     report     containing     the     following     information     for     the     applicable     Calendar     Quarter:     (a) the amount of gross sales (in U.S. dollars) of the Products in the Territory; (b) an     itemized calculation     of     Net     Sales     in     the     Territory     showing     deductions,     to     the     extent     applicable,     provided for     in     the     definition     of      Net     Sales      (c)     a     calculation     of     the     royalty     payment     due     on     such     sales;  
 (d)   an   accounting   of   the   number   of   units   and   prices   for   the   Products   sold;   and   (e)   application   of 
   
 58 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

the   reductions,   if   any,   made   in   accordance   with   the   terms   of   Section   11.7   and   11.8.   Within twenty   (20)   Business   Days   after   the   end   of   each   Calendar   Quarter,   each   Party   shall   provide   a preliminary report as described above for the most recent Calendar Quarter then ended.   Each Party   shall   reasonably   cooperate   to   reconcile   any   deviations   and   confirm   the   accuracy   to   the extent necessary under Applicable Laws, GAAP or   IFRS. 
   
   11.10   Exchange     Rate  .     The     rate     of     exchange     to     be     used     in     computing     the     amount     of     currency equivalent     in     U.S.     Dollars     owed     to     a     Party     under     this     Agreement     shall     be     equal     to     the     weighted average     exchange     rate,     over     the     applicable     Calendar     Quarter,     between     each     currency     of     origin and U.S. Dollars as reported by OANDA (www.oanda.com), or an equivalent resource as     agreed by     the     Parties,     on     the     last     Business     Day     of     the     Calendar     Quarter     in     which     the     applicable     Net Sales were     made.  

(a)   Cooperation and Coordination  . The Parties acknowledge and agree that it     is their mutual objective and intent to appropriately calculate, to the extent feasible and legal,     taxes payable with respect to their collaborative efforts under this Agreement and that they shall use     all commercially     reasonable     efforts     to     cooperate     and     coordinate     with     each     other     to     achieve     such objective. Ultragenyx shall cooperate with Takeda in seeking any tax exemption or credits     that may be available to Takeda with respect to any research which Takeda or its affiliates perform     or fund under this Agreement, including any credits under section 45C of the U.S. Internal     Revenue Code of 1986, as     amended.  
   
 (b)   Payment     of     Tax  .     A     Party     receiving     a     payment     pursuant     to     this     ARTICLE     11 shall     pay     any     and     all     taxes     levied     on     such     payment.     A     Party     making     a     payment     pursuant     to     this ARTICLE 11 shall make a reasonable effort to obtain the lowest tax rate under Applicable     Laws for taxes required to be deducted and withheld. If Applicable Laws require that  taxes     be deducted and withheld from a payment made pursuant to this ARTICLE 11, after a Party     making a     payment     makes     a     reasonable     effort     to     obtain     the     lowest     tax     rate,     the     remitting     Party     shall:     (i) deduct     those     taxes     from     the     payment;     (ii)     pay     the     taxes     to     the     proper     taxing     authority;     and     (iii) send     evidence     of     the     obligation     together     with     proof     of     payment     to     the     other     Party     within     sixty  
 (60) days following that   payment. 
   
   (c)   Tax Residence Certificate  . A Party receiving a payment pursuant to     this ARTICLE     11     shall     provide     the     remitting     Party     appropriate     certification     from     relevant     revenue authorities     that     such     Party     is     a     tax     resident     of     that     jurisdiction,     if     such     receiving     Party     wishes     to claim     the     benefits     of     an     income     tax     treaty     to     which     that     jurisdiction     is     a     party.     Upon     the     receipt thereof, any deduction and withholding of taxes shall be made at the appropriate treaty tax     rate.  
   
 (d)   Assessment  . Either Party may, at its own expense, protest any     assessment, proposed assessment, or other claim by any Governmental Authority for any additional      amount of     taxes,     interest     or     penalties     or     seek     a     refund     of     such     amounts     paid     if     permitted     to     do     so     by Applicable Laws. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in any  protest  by     providing records     and     such     additional     information     as     may     reasonably     be     necessary     for     a     Party     to     pursue such     protest.  
 59 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(e)   Withholding  .   If   a Party that owes a payment under this Agreement assigns     its rights and obligations to any Person and if, solely as a result of such  assignment,      the withholding or deduction of tax required by Applicable Laws with respect to payments under     this Agreement is increased, then, subject to Section 11.11(f), any amount payable under     this Agreement     shall     be     increased     to     take     into     account     such     withheld     or     deducted     taxes     as     may     be necessary so that, after making all required withholdings and deductions (including     withholdings and     deductions     on     amounts     payable     under     this     Section     11.11(e)),     the     payee     receives     an     amount equal     to     the     sum     it     would     have     received     had     no     such     increased     withholding     or     deduction     been made.     For     the     avoidance     of     doubt,     if     a     payee     under     this     Agreement     assigns     its     rights     and obligations under this Agreement, the payee shall not be entitled to any additional payments     with respect to Taxes arising as a result of such payee's     assignment.  
   
   (f)   Credit.   To the extent a payee obtains any credit for Taxes for which it     has received a payment pursuant to Section 11.11(e) against any liability for tax in the year in     which the     receipt     is     taxable,     any     preceding     years,     or     any     succeeding     years     within     the     term     of     this Agreement, thereby reducing out-of-pocket tax payments by the Section 11.11(e)-payee in     such year or years, calculated on a "with and without" basis, the Section 11.11(e)-payee      shall promptly reimburse the Section 11.11(e)-payor an amount equal to its tax savings resulting     from such credit and the Section 11.11(e)-payee shall timely provide the Section 11.11(e)-payor     with reasonable evidence as may reasonably be requested to determine whether any amounts     are subject to reimbursement pursuant to this Section     11.11(f).  
   
   11.12   Audit.     Each     Party     will     maintain     complete     and     accurate     records     in     sufficient     detail     to permit     the     other     Party     to     confirm     the     accuracy     of     the     calculation     of     royalty     and     other     payments under this Agreement. Upon reasonable prior notice, such records shall be available     during regular business hours for a period of three (3) years from the end of the Calendar Year to     which they pertain for examination at the expense of the requesting Party, and not more often than     once each     Calendar     Year,     by     an     independent     certified     public     accountant     selected     by     the     requesting Party and reasonably acceptable to the other Party, for the sole purpose of verifying the     accuracy of     the     financial     reports     furnished     by     the     other     Party     pursuant     to     this     Agreement.     Any     such auditor     shall     not     disclose     the     other     Party s     Confidential     Information,     except     to     the     extent     such disclosure is necessary to verify the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by the other     Party or     the     amount     of     payments     due     by     the     other     Party     under     this     Agreement     during     the     prior     thirty six (36) months. Any amounts shown to be owed but unpaid shall be paid within thirty (30)     days from     the     accountant s     report,     plus     interest     (as     set     forth     in     Section     11.13)     from     the     original     due date. Any amounts shown to have been overpaid shall be refunded within thirty (30) days     from the     accountant s     report.     The     requesting     Party     shall     bear     the     full     cost     of     such     audit     unless     such audit     discloses     an     underpayment     by     other     Party     of     more     than     five     percent     (5%)     of     the     amount due, in which case the other Party shall bear the full cost of such     audit.  
   
   11.13   Manner     of     Payment,     Late     Payment.     All     payments     due     to     a     Party     hereunder     shall     be made in U.S. Dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds into an account     designated by     such     Party.     If     a     Party     does     not     receive     payment     of     any     sum     due     to     it     on     or     before     the     due date, simple interest shall thereafter accrue on the sum due to such Party until the  date     of payment     at     the     per     annum     rate     of     one     percent     (1%)     over     the     then-current     prime     rate     quoted     by  
   
 60 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Citibank   in   New   York   City   or   the   maximum   rate   allowable   by   Applicable   Laws,   whichever   is lower. 
   
 11.14   Finance and Accounting Working Group  . The Parties shall cooperate with each     other to     achieve     the     finance     and     accounting     objectives     contemplated     herein     in     a     timely,     accurate     and responsive manner. The Parties shall establish a finance and accounting working group     to manage     financial     and     accounting     affairs     related     to     the     Products,     which,     for     at     least     the     first twelve (12) months after the Effective Date, shall meet monthly unless otherwise agreed upon     by the     Parties.  
   
     ARTICLE 12      INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   MATTERS 
   
   12.1   Ownership of Inventions  .  
   
 (a)   Sole     Ownership.     Subject     to     the     terms     of     this     Agreement,     each     Party     shall     own any Inventions made solely by its own employees, agents, or independent contractors or     its Affiliate s or sublicensees  employees, agents, or independent contractors in the course     of conducting its activities under this Agreement, together with all intellectual property     rights therein.  
   
   (b)   Joint Ownership  . The Parties shall jointly own any Inventions that are     made jointly     by     employees,     agents,     or     independent     contractors     of     each     Party     or     its     Affiliates     in     the course     of     performing     activities     under     this     Agreement,     together     with     all     intellectual     property rights therein (the    Joint     Inventions   ).  
   
 (c)   Inventorship.   For purposes of this Agreement, inventorship shall be     determined in accordance with U.S. patent laws.  

12.2   
 
  Assignment Obligation and Disclosure of     Inventions  .   

(a)   Each Party shall cause all Persons who perform activities for such Party under     this Agreement to be under an obligation to assign (or, if such Party is unable to cause such Person     to agree to such assignment obligation despite such Party using commercially reasonable efforts     to negotiate such assignment obligation, provide a license under) their rights in any Information     and Inventions     resulting     therefrom     to     such     Party,     except     where     Applicable     Law     requires     otherwise and except in the case of governmental, not-for-profit and public institutions which      have standard policies against such an assignment (in which case a suitable license, or right to     obtain such a license, shall be     obtained).  
   
 (b)   Takeda will promptly disclose to Ultragenyx in writing, the     conception, discovery, development or making of any Joint Inventions and any Inventions     Covering Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvements by Persons who perform activities for Takeda under     this Agreement.  

61 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   Ultragenyx will promptly disclose to Takeda in writing the conception,     discovery, development     or     making     of     any     Joint     Inventions     and     any     Inventions     Covering     Licensed     Product Improvements, or Option Product     Improvements.  
   
 (d)   Each Party will promptly disclose to the other Party in writing, the     conception, discovery, development or making of any Joint Inventions by Persons who perform activities     for it under this     Agreement.  

(a)   Licensed   [***]   Patents, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, and     Joint Patents relating to Licensed Products.   Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.3(a),     as between the Parties, Takeda shall have the sole right and authority to prepare, file, prosecute     and maintain the Licensed [***] Patent, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, and, where relating     to Licensed     Products,     Joint     Patents     (collectively,     the      [***]     Patent     Prosecution )     on     a     worldwide basis (including the right to defend in patent office proceedings such as inter partes reviews,     post grant reviews and oppositions).Takeda shall bear all costs of preparation, filing, prosecution     and maintenance     of     the     [***]     Patent     Prosecution     in     the     Territory.     Provided     that     Ultragenyx s     rights with respect to the applicable Licensed Product have not terminated, Takeda, upon     Ultragenyx s request,     shall     provide     Ultragenyx     a     reasonable     opportunity     to     review     and     comment     on     material communications from any patent authority in the Territory regarding the [***] Patent     Prosecution and drafts of any material filings or responses to be made to such patent authorities in advance     of submitting such filings or responses. Takeda shall consider Ultragenyx s comments     regarding such     communications     and     drafts     in     good     faith     with     a     view     to     maximizing     the     Patent     protection and     scope     in     the     Territory     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field.     If     Ultragenyx s     rights     with     respect     to     the applicable Licensed Product have not terminated and Takeda determines in its sole discretion     to abandon     or     not     maintain     any     Licensed     [***]     Patent,     Licensed     Product     Improvement     Patent,     or, where relating to Licensed Products, Joint Patent that is being prosecuted or maintained     by Takeda     in     the     Territory     and     that     is     applicable     to     the     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field,     then     Takeda     shall provide Ultragenyx with written notice of such determination within a period of time     reasonably necessary     to     allow     Ultragenyx     to     determine,     in     its     sole     discretion,     its     interest     in     such     Patent(s) (which notice by Takeda shall be given no later than sixty (60) days prior to the final deadline     for any pending action or response that may be due with respect to such Patent(s) with the     applicable patent authority). If Ultragenyx provides timely written notice expressing its interest     in continuing     to     support     such     Patent(s),     Ultragenyx     shall     have     the     right     to     pursue     the     filing     or support     the     continued     prosecution     or     maintenance     of     such     Patents     and     Takeda     shall     provide     to Ultragenyx,     subject     to     reimbursement     of     Takeda s     out-of-pocket     costs,     all     unpublished     patent applications     and     any     other     information     and     documents     necessary     to     permit     Ultragenyx     to     take such action to establish or preserve any such Patents. If Ultragenyx pursues the filing or     support of     such     Patents     and     Takeda     continues     to     pursue     a     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field,     it shall provide Takeda a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on     material communications     from     any     patent     authority     in     the     Territory     regarding     such     Patents     and     drafts     of any     material     filings     or     responses     to     be     made     to     such     patent     authorities     in     advance     of     submitting such filings or responses. Ultragenyx shall consider Takeda s comments regarding     such communications and drafts in good     faith.  
   
 62 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Option Product Patents, Option Product Improvement Patents, and     Joint Patents Relating to Research Products.   Except as otherwise provided in this Section      12.3(b), as     between     the     Parties,     Takeda     shall     have     the     sole     right     and     authority     to     prepare,     file,     prosecute and maintain the Option Product Patents, Option Product Improvement Patents and,     where relating     to     Research     Products,     Joint     Patents     on     a     worldwide     basis     (including     the     right     to     defend in     patent     office     proceedings     such     as     inter     partes     reviews,     post     grant     reviews     and     oppositions). Takeda shall bear all costs of preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Option     Product Patents,     Option     Product     Improvement     Patents     and,     where     relating     to     Research     Products,     Joint Patents     in     the     Territory.     During     the     Collaboration     Term,     Takeda,     upon     Ultragenyx s     request, shall provide Ultragenyx a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on     material communications from any patent authority in the Territory regarding Option Product     Patents, Option Product Improvement Patents and, where relating to Research Products, Joint Patents     and drafts     of     any     material     filings     or     responses     to     be     made     to     such     patent     authorities     in     advance     of submitting such filings or responses. Takeda shall consider Ultragenyx s comments     regarding such     communications     and     drafts     in     good     faith     with     a     view     to     maximizing     the     Patent     protection and     scope     in     the     Territory     in     the     Licensed     Field;     provided     that     final     decision     making     authority rests with Takeda. If, during the Collaboration Term, Takeda determines in its sole discretion     to abandon     or     not     maintain     any     Option     Product     Patent,     Option     Product     Improvement     Patent     and, where relating to Research Products, Joint Patent that is being prosecuted or maintained     by Takeda in the Territory, then Takeda shall provide Ultragenyx with written notice of     such determination within a period of time reasonably necessary to allow Ultragenyx to determine,     in its     sole     discretion,     its     interest     in     such     Patent(s)     (which     notice     by     Takeda     shall     be     given     no     later than     sixty     (60)     days     prior     to     the     final     deadline     for     any     pending     action     or     response     that     may     be due     with     respect     to     such     Patent(s)     with     the     applicable     patent     authority).     If     Ultragenyx     provides timely     written     notice     expressing     its     interest     in     continuing     to     support     such     Patent(s),     Ultragenyx shall     have     the     right     to     pursue     the     filing     or     support     the     continued     prosecution     or     maintenance     of such Patents and Takeda shall provide to Ultragenyx, subject to reimbursement of Takeda s     out- of-pocket     costs,     all     unpublished     patent     applications     and     any     other     information     and     documents necessary to permit Ultragenyx to take such action to establish or preserve any such Patents.     If Ultragenyx     pursues     the     filing     or     support     of     such     Patents,     it     shall     provide     Takeda     a     reasonable opportunity to review and comment on material communications from any patent authority in     the Territory regarding such Patents and drafts of any material filings or  responses to be made     to such     patent     authorities     in     advance     of     submitting     such     filings     or     responses.     Ultragenyx     shall consider Takeda s comments regarding such communications and drafts in good     faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option Product License     Agreement and/or     Exercised     Product     License     Agreement     covering     an     Option     Product,     the     terms     of     such license agreement(s) shall govern the handling of the preparation, filing, prosecution     and maintenance of Patents covering the Option     Product(s).  
   
   (c)   Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement     Patents, Ultragenyx   [***]   Patents and Joint Patents Related to Ultragenyx Pipeline Products  .     Except as     otherwise     provided     in     this     Section     12.3(c),     as     between     the     Parties,     Ultragenyx     shall     have     the sole right and authority to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain the Ultragenyx Pipeline     Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents and, where relating     to Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Products,     the     Patents     included     in     the     Joint     Inventions     (the        Joint     Patents   ),  
 63 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

on a worldwide basis (including the right to defend in patent office proceedings such as   inter partes reviews, post grant reviews and oppositions). Ultragenyx shall bear all costs    of preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents,   Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents and, where relating to    Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, Joint Patents in the Territory. During the Takeda Option Term, Ultragenyx, upon Takeda s request, shall provide Takeda a reasonable opportunity to review and comment   on material communications from any patent authority in the Territory regarding   Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents and,   where relating to Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, Joint Patents and drafts of any material filings   or responses to be made to such patent authorities in advance of submitting such filings   or responses. Ultragenyx shall consider Takeda s comments regarding such communications   and drafts   in   good   faith   with   a   view   to   maximizing   the   Patent   protection   and   scope   in   the   Territory; provided that final decision making authority rests with Ultragenyx. During the Takeda   Option Term, if Ultragenyx determines in its sole discretion to abandon or not maintain any   Ultragenyx Pipeline   Patent,   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Improvement   Patent,   Ultragenyx   [***]   Patent   and,   where relating   to   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Products,   Joint   Patent   that   is   being   prosecuted   or   maintained   by Ultragenyx in the Takeda Territory, then Ultragenyx shall provide Takeda with written notice   of such   determination   within   a   period   of   time   reasonably   necessary   to   allow   Takeda   to   determine, in its sole discretion, its interest in such Patent(s) (which notice by Ultragenyx shall be given   no later than sixty (60) days prior to the final deadline for any pending action or response that   may be   due   with   respect   to   such   Patent(s)   with   the   applicable   patent   authority).   If   Takeda   provides timely written notice expressing its interest in continuing to support such Patent(s), Takeda   shall have   the   right   to   pursue   the   filing   or   support   the   continued   prosecution   or   maintenance   of   such Patents   and   Ultragenyx   shall   provide   to   Takeda,   subject   to   reimbursement   of   Ultragenyx s   out- of-pocket   costs,   all   unpublished   patent   applications   and   any   other   information   and   documents necessary to permit Takeda to take such action to establish or preserve any such Patents.    If  Takeda pursues the filing or support of such Patents, it shall provide Ultragenyx a   reasonable opportunity to review and comment on material communications from any patent authority in   the Territory   regarding   such   Patents   and   drafts   of   any   material   filings   or   responses   to   be   made   to such patent authorities in advance of submitting such filings or responses. Takeda shall   consider Takeda s comments regarding such communications and drafts in good faith.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Exercised Product License Agreement covering   an Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product,   the   terms   of   such   license   agreement   shall   govern   the   handling   of the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Patents covering such    Ultragenyx Pipeline   Product. 
   
 (d)   Cooperation in Prosecution  . Each Party shall provide the other Party     all reasonable     assistance     and     cooperation     in     the     Patent     prosecution     efforts     provided     above     in     this Section 12.3, including providing any necessary powers of attorney and executing any     other required     documents     or     instruments     for     such     prosecution,     as     well     as     further     actions     as     set     forth below.  
   
 (i)   The Parties shall respectively prepare, file, maintain and prosecute     the Patents     as     set     forth     in     this     Section     12.3.     As     used     herein,      prosecution      of     such     Patents     shall  

64 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

include all communication and other interaction with any patent office or patent authority   having jurisdiction over a patent application in connection with pre-grant   proceedings. 
   
 (ii)   All communications between the Parties relating to the preparation,     filing, prosecution     or     maintenance     of     the     Patents     as     set     forth     in     this     Section     12.3,     including     copies     of any     draft     or     final     documents     or     any     communications     received     from     or     sent     to     patent     offices     or patenting     authorities     with     respect     to     such     Patents,     shall     be     considered     Confidential     Information and subject to the confidentiality provisions of ARTICLE     14.  

12.4   
 
    Patent Term Extensions in the     Territory  .     

(a)   The     Parties     will     discuss     and     approve     for     which,     if     any,     of     the     Patents     under     this Agreement     the     Parties     should     seek     Patent     Term     Extensions     in     the     Territory  .     If     the     Parties     are unable to reach agreement for which, if any, of such Patents the Parties should seek Patent     Term Extension, the final decision shall rest with the Party who first receives Regulatory Approval     for the     Licensed     Product     or     Option     Product,     as     applicable,     with     respect     to     which     the     Patent     Term applies for such Party s territory. The Party with final decision-making authority shall act     with reasonable     promptness     in     light     of     the     stage     of     the     Products     to     apply     for     any     such     Patent     Term Extensions,     in     accordance     with     such     decision.     The     Party     that     does     not     apply     for     an     extension hereunder     will     cooperate     fully     with     the     other     Party     in     making     such     filings     or     actions,     including making available all required Regulatory Materials (including underlying data) and     Information and executing any required authorizations to apply for such Patent Term Extension.      All expenses     incurred     in     connection     with     activities     of     each     Party     with     respect     to     the     Patent(s)     for which     such     Party     seeks     Patent     Term     Extensions     pursuant     to     this     12.4     shall     be     entirely     borne     by the Party applying for such Patent Term     Extension.  
   
 12.5   Orange Book Listing  . The Party that is the NDA holder for the applicable Product     shall be     responsible     for     listing     and     maintaining     all     applicable     Patents     in     the     Orange     Book  ,     including payment of all costs and expenses related to such maintenance incurred after the Effective     Date. The listing and maintaining Party shall provide the other Party with its planned  listings     in advance of their submission with sufficient time for the other Party to review and     provide comments.     The     listing     and     maintaining     Party     shall     consider     any     such     comments     in     good     faith. Upon request of the listing and maintaining Party, the other Party shall cooperate in the filing     of appropriate information with the FDA listing such Patents in the Orange     Book.  

12.6   
 
    Infringement of Patents by Third Parties  .     

(a)   Notification  . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of     any existing, alleged or threatened infringement of the Licensed [***] Patents, Licensed     Product Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Option Product Patents, Option     Product Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Patents, Ultragenyx Pipeline Improvement     Patents, and     Joint     Patents     in     the     Licensed     Field     in     the     Territory     of     which     it     becomes     aware,     and     shall provide all Information in such Party s possession or control demonstrating such     infringement.  
   
   (b)   Infringement     Action  .  
   
 65 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(i)   Takeda shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to bring     an appropriate     suit     or     other     action     against     any     Third     Party     engaged     in     any     existing,     alleged     or threatened     infringement     related     to     the     Joint     Patents,     Licensed     [***]     Patents,     Licensed     Product Improvement Patents, Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Option Product Patents, and Option     Product Improvement Patents, in each case where relating to Licensed Products or Research Products     (a    Takeda Product Infringement   ), subject to Section 12.6(b)(ii) through 12.6(b)(iv); provided     that if     a     Takeda     Product     Infringement     concerns     the     enforcement     of     any     Valid     Claim     against     a     Third Party     making,     using,     selling,     offering     for     sale,     or     importing     solely     within     the     Ultragenyx     Field, Takeda must receive Ultragenyx s prior consent with respect to all strategic decisions     in connection with such Takeda Product Infringement, such consent not to be     unreasonably withheld,     conditioned,     or     delayed;     and     provided     further     that     if     Takeda     is     not     Developing     or Commercializing     the     Licensed     [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field,     then     the     foregoing     first     right with     respect     to     a     Takeda     Product     Infringement     shall     become     Ultragenyx s     first     right     hereunder. Ultragenyx     shall     have     the     first     right,     but     not     the     obligation,     to     bring     an     appropriate     suit     or     other action against any Third Party engaged in any existing, alleged or  threatened     infringement related     to     the     Joint     Patents,     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Patents     and     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Improvement Patents, in each case where relating to an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (an    Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement   ), subject to Section 12.6(b)(ii) through 12.6(b)(iv).  Notwithstanding     the foregoing, following the execution of an Option Product License Agreement or      Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such license agreement shall govern the handling of     the infringement actions relating to the Patents covering such Licensed Option Product or     Exercised Product, respectively, that is the subject of such license     agreement.  
   
   (ii)   The Parties shall discuss how to address each Takeda      Product Infringement     and     Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement     and     the     Party     with     the     first     right     to     enforce shall     consider     in     good     faith     the     input     of     the     other     Party     in     determining     how     to     proceed.     The Party with the first right to enforce shall notify the other Party of its election to take any action     in accordance with Section 12.6(b)(i) within ten (10) Business Days before any time limit set     forth in an Applicable Laws or regulation, including the time limits set forth under the Hatch     Waxman Act. In the event such Party does not so elect, it shall so notify the other Party in writing, and     the other Party shall have the right to commence a suit or take action to enforce the applicable     Patent against such Third Party perpetrating such Takeda Product Infringement or Ultragenyx     Product Infringement, as applicable, in the applicable portion of the Territory at its own cost and     expense. If     one     Party     elects     to     bring     suit     or     take     action     against     the     Takeda     Product     Infringement     or Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement,     as     applicable,     then     the     other     Party     (at     its     expense)     shall     have the right, prior to commencement of the trial, suit or action, to join any such suit or     action.  
   
   (iii)   Each Party shall provide to the Party enforcing any such rights under     this Section 12.6(b) reasonable assistance in such enforcement, at such enforcing Party s request     and expense,     including     joining     such     action     as     a     party     plaintiff     if     required     by     Applicable     Laws     to pursue     such     action.     The     enforcing     Party     shall     keep     the     other     Party     regularly     informed     of     the status     and     progress     of     such     enforcement     efforts     and     shall     reasonably     consider     the     other     Party s comments     on     any     important     aspects     of     such     enforcement,     including     determination     of     litigation strategy and filing of important papers to the competent     court.  

66 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(iv)   Subject to this Section 12.6(b)(iv), the enforcing Party shall be     solely responsible for all costs and expenses arising from a suit or action against a Takeda     Product Infringement or Ultragenyx Product Infringement, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt,     the enforcing Party shall not be responsible for the other Party s internal costs (e.g., FTEs)     incurred as     a     result     of     the     other     Party s     cooperation     with     the     enforcement     action     as     provided     in     Section 12.6(b)(iii). The Party not bringing an action with respect to the Takeda Product Infringement     or Ultragenyx Product Infringement, as applicable, under this Section 12.6(b) shall be entitled     to separate     representation     in     such     matter     by     counsel     of     its     own     choice     and     at     its     own     expense,     but such Party shall at all times cooperate fully with the Party bringing such     action.  
   
   (c)   Settlement  .     The     enforcing     Party     may     settle     any     claim,     suit     or     action     that     it     has brought under this Section 12.6 without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided     that any     such     settlement     does     not     negatively     impact     the     non-enforcing     Party s     rights     or     interests     in such non-enforcing Party s territory or     field.  
   
   (d)   Allocation of Proceeds  . If either Party recovers monetary damages from     any Third Party in a suit or action brought under Sections 12.6(b), 12.6(c), or 12.8(b) or any     royalties from a license agreement with a Third Party related to any alleged Takeda Product     Infringement or     Ultragenyx     Product     Infringement,     as     applicable,     such     recovery     shall     be     allocated     first     to     the reimbursement of any expenses incurred by the Parties in such suit or action, and any remaining amounts shall be split as follows: (i) if such suit or action is initiated or defended by     Ultragenyx, such     amounts     shall     be     retained     by     Ultragenyx,     or     (ii)     if     such     suit     or     action     was     initiated     or defended by Takeda, such amounts shall be retained by     Takeda.  

12.7   
 
    Infringement of Third Party Rights in the     Territory  .   

(a)   Notice  . If any Licensed Product used or sold by either Party, its     Affiliates, licensees     or     sublicensees     becomes     the     subject     of     a     Third     Party s     claim     or     assertion     of infringement of a Patent granted in either Party s field or territory, the Party first having notice     of the     claim     or     assertion     shall     promptly     notify     the     other     Party,     the     Parties     shall     agree     on     and     enter into an  identity of interest agreement  wherein such Parties agree to their  shared,     mutual interest     in     the     outcome     of     such     potential     dispute,     and     thereafter,     the     Parties     shall     promptly     meet to consider the claim or assertion and the appropriate course of     action.  
   
 (b)   Defense  .  
   
 (i)   Ultragenyx shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to defend     any Third Party claim or assertion of infringement of a Patent described in Section 12.7(a) above     by Ultragenyx Pipeline Products, at Ultragenyx s expense. If Ultragenyx does not      commence actions     to     defend     such     claim     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     it     receives     notice     thereof     (or     within thirty (30) days after it should have given notice thereof to Takeda as required by     Section 12.7(a)), then, to the extent allowed by Applicable Laws, Takeda shall have the right, but not the obligation,     to     control     the     defense     of     such     claim     by     counsel     of     its     choice,     at     Takeda s     expense. The non-defending Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Party conducting the defense of     the claim or assertion, including if required to conduct such defense, furnishing a power of     attorney.  
   
 67 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(ii)   Takeda     shall     have     the     first     right,     but     not     the     obligation,     to     defend     any Third Party claim or assertion of infringement of a Patent described in Section 12.7(a) above     by Licensed [***] Products, Licensed Analog Products, Candidate Products or Option Products,     at Takeda s expense. If Takeda does not commence actions to defend such claim within thirty     (30) days     after     it     receives     notice     thereof     (or     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     it     should     have     given     notice thereof     to     Ultragenyx     as     required     by     Section     12.7(a)),     then,     to     the     extent     allowed     by     Applicable Laws, Ultragenyx shall have the right, but not the obligation, to control the defense of such     claim by     counsel     of     its     choice,     at     Ultragenyx s     expense.     The     non-defending     Party     shall     reasonably cooperate with the Party conducting the defense of the claim or assertion, including if required     to conduct such defense, furnishing a power of     attorney.  
   
 (iii)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement     shall     govern     the     handling     of     the     defense     against     infringement     by     Product(s)     that     are the subject of the applicable license     agreement.  
   
 (c)   Settlement; Licenses  . Neither Party shall enter into any settlement of any     claim described in this Section 12.7 that negatively affects the other Party s rights or interests     without such other Party s written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably     withheld, conditioned or delayed. Each Party shall have the right to decline to defend or to tender     defense of     any     such     claim     to     the     other     Party     upon     reasonable     notice,     including     if     the     other     Party     fails     to agree to a settlement that such Party proposes. In the event that it is determined by any court     of competent jurisdiction that the Exploitation of a Product in the Licensed Field in the     Ultragenyx Territory, conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, infringes,     or the     JSC     determines     that     such     activities     are     likely     to     infringe,     any     patent,     copyright,     trademark, data exclusivity right or trade secret right arising under Applicable Laws of any Third     Party, Ultragenyx shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to: (i) procure a license from such     Third Party authorizing Ultragenyx to continue to conduct such activities; or (ii) modify such     activities so as to render it     non-infringing.  

12.8   
 
  Patent Oppositions and Other     Proceedings  .   

(a)   Third-Party Patent Rights  .   If   either Party desires to bring an opposition,     action for declaratory judgment, nullity action, interference, declaration for     non-infringement, reexamination     or     other     attack     upon     the     validity,     title     or     enforceability     of     a     Patent     owned     or controlled by a Third Party and having one or more claims that covers a Product, or the use,     sale, offer     for     sale     or     importation     of     a     Product     (except     insofar     as     such     action     is     a     counterclaim     to     or defense of, or accompanies a defense of, a Third Party s claim or assertion of infringement     under Section     12.7,     in     which     case     the     provisions     of     Section     12.7     shall     govern),     such     Party     shall     so notify     the     other     Party     and     the     Parties     shall     promptly     confer     to     determine     whether     to     bring     such action     or     the     manner     in     which     to     settle     such     action.     Ultragenyx     shall     have     the     exclusive     right, but     not     the     obligation,     to     bring     at     its     own     expense     and     in     its     sole     control     such     action     in     the Territory with respect to Ultragenyx Pipeline Products. Takeda shall have the exclusive right,     but not     the     obligation,     to     bring     at     its     own     expense     and     in     its     sole     control     such     action     with     respect     to Licensed [***] Products, Licensed Analog Products and Research Products in the Territory. If     the  
   
 68 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Party   with   the   first   right   does   not   bring   such   an   action,   within   ninety   (90)   days   of   notification thereof   pursuant   to   this   Section   12.8(a)   (or   earlier,   if   required   by   the   nature   of   the   proceeding), then the other Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to bring, at its sole expense,   such action. The Party not bringing an action under this Section 12.8(a) shall be entitled to   separate representation in such proceeding by counsel of its own choice and at its own expense, and   shall cooperate fully with the Party bringing such action. Any awards or amounts received in   bringing any such action shall be first allocated to reimburse the initiating Party s expenses in such   action and any remaining amounts shall be retained by such   Party. 
   
   (b)   Parties  Patent Rights  . If any Licensed [***] Patents, Licensed     Product Improvement Patent, Ultragenyx [***] Patents, Option Product Patent, Option     Product Improvement     Patent,     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Patent,     Ultragenyx     Pipeline     Improvement     Patent,     or Joint     Patent     becomes     the     subject     of     any     proceeding     commenced     by     a     Third     Party     within     the Territory in connection with an opposition, reexamination request, action for     declaratory judgment,     nullity     action,     interference     or     other     attack     upon     the     validity,     title     or     enforceability thereof     (except     insofar     as     such     action     is     a     counterclaim     to     or     defense     of,     or     accompanies     a defense of, an action for infringement against a Third Party under Section 12.6, in which case     the provisions of Section 12.6 shall govern), then the Party responsible for filing,     preparing, prosecuting and maintaining such Patent as set forth in Section 12.3, shall control such defense     at its own cost and expense. The controlling Party shall permit the non-controlling Party     to participate in the proceeding to the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, and to     be represented by its own counsel in such proceeding, at the non-controlling Party s expense. If     the controlling Party decides that it does not wish to defend against such action, then the other     Party shall have a backup right to assume defense of such Third-Party action at its own expense.     Any awards or amounts received in defending any such Third-Party action shall be allocated     between the Parties as provided in Section     12.6(d).  
   
   ARTICLE 13      REPRESENTATIONS AND   WARRANTIES 
   
 13.1   Mutual Representations, Warranties and Covenants  . Each of the Parties     hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as of the Execution Date and covenants     that:  
   
 (a)   Organization.   It   is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in     good standing     under     the     laws     of     the     jurisdiction     of     its     organization,     and     has     all     requisite     power     and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute, deliver, and perform this     Agreement.  
   
 (b)   Binding     Agreement.     This     Agreement     is     a     legal     and     valid     obligation     binding upon such Party and enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects     of bankruptcy, insolvency, or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of     creditor rights, judicial principles affecting the availability of specific performance,  and     general principles of equity (whether enforceability is considered a proceeding at law or     equity).  
   
 (c)   Authorization.   The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement     by such     Party     have     been     duly     authorized     by     all     necessary     corporate     action     and     do     not     conflict     with any agreement, instrument, or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party or by which     it is     bound,     nor     violate     any     Applicable     Laws     or     any     order,     writ,     judgment,     injunction,     decree,  
 69 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

determination,   or   award   of   any   court   or   governmental   body,   or   administrative   or   other   agency presently in effect applicable to such   Party. 
   
 (d)   No Further Approval.   Subject to Section 18.1, it is not aware  of      any government authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or registration     with any     court     or     governmental     department,     commission,     board,     bureau,     agency     or     instrumentality, domestic or foreign, under any Applicable Laws, currently in effect, necessary for, or     in connection     with,     the     transactions     contemplated     by     this     Agreement     or     any     other     agreement     or instrument executed in connection herewith, or for the performance by it of its obligations     under this Agreement and such other agreements (save for Regulatory Approvals and     similar authorizations from Regulatory Authorities necessary for the Exploitation of the Compounds     and the Products as contemplated     hereunder).  
   
 (e)   No Inconsistent Obligations.   Neither Party is under any obligation,      contractual or otherwise, to any Person that conflicts with or is inconsistent in any material respect with     the terms     of     this     Agreement,     or     that     would     impede     the     diligent     and     complete     fulfillment     of     its obligations     hereunder.  
   
 (f)   Transparency Reporting  . Each Party shall be responsible for tracking     and reporting transfers of value initiated and controlled by its and its Affiliates      employees, independent contractors, and agents pursuant to the requirements of the marketing reporting     laws of     any     Government     Authority     in     the     Territory,     including     Section     6002     of     the     Patient     Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as the  Sunshine     Act.   
   
 (g)   Neither Party nor any of its Affiliates has been debarred by the FDA, is subject     to any similar sanction of other Regulatory Authorities in the Territory, and neither Party nor any     of its Affiliates has used, or will engage, in any capacity, in connection with this Agreement or     any ancillary     agreements     (if     any),     any     Person     who     either     has     been     debarred     by     such     a     Regulatory Authority,     or     is     the     subject     of     a     conviction     described     in     Section     306     of     the     FFDCA.     Each     Party shall inform the other in writing promptly if it or any Person engaged by such Party or any of     its Affiliates who is performing services under this Agreement or any ancillary agreements (if     any) is     debarred     or     is     the     subject     of     a     conviction     described     in     Section     306     of     the     FFDCA,     or     if     any action,     suit,     claim,     investigation     or     legal     or     administrative     proceeding     is     pending     or,     to     such Party s     Knowledge,     is     threatened,     relating     to     the     debarment     or     conviction     of     such     Party,     any     of its Affiliates or any such Person performing services hereunder or     thereunder.  
   
 13.2   Additional     Representations,       Warranties       and       Covenants     of       Takeda  .  Takeda   represents and warrants as of the Execution Date and covenants to Ultragenyx     that:  
   
 (a)   Takeda has all rights necessary to grant the options and licenses under     the Licensed     [***]     Technology     and     Option     Product     Technology     and     rights     of     cross-reference     under Regulatory Materials, in each case, existing as of the Execution Date that it grants to     Ultragenyx in     this     Agreement.     For     the     duration     of     the     Term,     Takeda     shall     not,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates not to, grant to any Third Party rights in the Licensed Field or the Ultragenyx Field,     as applicable, in the Territory that encumber, diminish or conflict with the rights granted     to  
   
 70 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Ultragenyx hereunder with respect to the Licensed [***] Technology, Option Product   Technology, Joint Intellectual Property or Regulatory   Materials. 
   
   (b)   (i)     The     Patents     set     forth     in     Exhibit     1.168     represent     all     Takeda     Patents,     (ii)     to Takeda s Knowledge, the Compounds set forth in   Exhibit 13.2(b)   represent all     structures Controlled     by     Takeda     that     are     [***],     and  
 (i)   to Takeda s Knowledge, the Compound set forth in   Exhibit 1.94   represents the sole     Licensed [***] Compound. Takeda (Y) is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right, title and      interest in the Takeda Patents, and (Z) to Takeda s Knowledge, the sole and exclusive owner of the     entire right, title and interest in the Licensed [***] Compound and Licensed Analog Compounds, and     in each     of     cases     (Y)     and     (Z),     free     of     any     encumbrance,     lien,     or     claim     of     ownership     by     any     Third Party.  
   
 (c)   To Takeda s Knowledge, there is no actual or threatened infringement     or misappropriation of the Licensed [***] Technology and Option Product Technology by      any Person in the     Territory.  
   
 (d)   The Takeda Patents are being diligently prosecuted in the Territory in     accordance with Applicable Laws. To Takeda s Knowledge, the Takeda Patents have been filed     and maintained     properly     and     correctly     and     all     applicable     fees     have     been     paid     on     or     before     the     due date for     payment.  
   
 (e)   To Takeda s Knowledge, each of the Takeda Patents properly identifies each     and every     inventor     of     the     claims     thereof     as     determined     in     accordance     with     Applicable     Laws     of     the jurisdiction in which such Takeda Patent is issued or such application is     pending.  
   
 (f)   To the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, all employees of Takeda or     its Affiliates     performing     activities     under     this     Agreement     are     and     shall     be     under     an     obligation     to assign all right, title and interest in and to their Inventions and intellectual property rights     therein, to     Takeda     or     its     Affiliate(s)     as     the     sole     owner     thereof.     Ultragenyx     shall     have     no     obligation     to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or previously employed by Takeda     or any of its Affiliates in respect of any such Inventions and intellectual property rights therein     that are     so     assigned     to     Takeda     or     its     Affiliate(s).     Takeda     will     pay     all     such     remuneration     due     to     such inventors with respect to such Inventions and intellectual property rights     therein.  
   
 (g)   The Inventions claimed or disclosed by the Takeda Patents (i) were      not conceived, discovered, developed, or otherwise made in connection with any research     activities funded, in whole or in part, by the federal government of the U.S. or any agency thereof, (ii)     are not     a      subject     invention      as     that     term     is     described     in     35     U.S.C.     Section     201(f),     and     (iii)     are     not otherwise subject to the provisions of the Bayh-Dole     Act.  
   
 (h)   To Takeda s Knowledge, there are no material claims, judgments, or     settlements against,     or     amounts     with     respect     thereto,     owed     by     Takeda     or     any     of     its     Affiliates     to     any     Third Parties relating to the Regulatory Materials, Licensed [***] Technology or Option     Product Technology in the     Territory.  
 71 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(i)   No claim or litigation in the Territory has been brought or, to     Takeda s Knowledge, threatened by any Person alleging, and Takeda has no Knowledge of any     claim, whether or not asserted: (i) that any of the Takeda Patents is invalid or unenforceable, (ii) that     the Regulatory Materials, or the disclosing, copying, making, assigning, or licensing of     the Regulatory Materials, violates, infringes, or otherwise conflicts or interferes with, or     would violate,     infringe,     or     otherwise     conflict     or     interfere     with,     any     intellectual     property     or     proprietary right     of     any     Person;     or     (iii)     related     to     the     Development     or     Commercialization     of     the     Licensed Products or Research Products, including any claims of Product     Liability.  
   
 (j)   Takeda has no Knowledge of any material adverse information with respect to     the safety     and     efficacy     of     any     Licensed     Product     or     Research     Product     that     has     not     been     disclosed     to Ultragenyx, and all such information that has been disclosed is true, correct, and complete in     all material     respects.  
   
 (k)   To Takeda s Knowledge, Takeda and its Affiliates have generated,     prepared, maintained, and retained all material Regulatory Materials in the Licensed Field that are     required to be maintained or retained pursuant to and in accordance with GCP, GLP and other     Applicable Laws,     and     all     such     information     is     true,     complete     and     correct     in     all     material     respects     and     what     it purports to be.  
   
 (l)   Takeda  ,   without the prior written consent of Ultragenyx, during the Term, will     not solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any employee     of Ultragenyx, or any of its Affiliates, to terminate his or her relationship with Ultragenyx     or Ultragenyx s Affiliate. An offer of employment to an employee of Ultragenyx by Takeda     which results directly from unsolicited responses to general advertisements for employment will not     be deemed to be in violation of this     provision.  
   
 (m)   In performing its obligations under this Agreement, Takeda shall, and shall     cause its Affiliates to, comply with all Applicable Laws, including any applicable anti-corruption     or anti-bribery laws or regulation, of any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over     the activities performed by Takeda or its Affiliates in furtherance of such     obligations.  
   
 13.3   Additional Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Ultragenyx  .     Ultragenyx represents and warrants as of the Execution Date and covenants to Takeda     that:  
   
 (a)   Ultragenyx and its Affiliates have provided or made available to Takeda prior     to the Execution Date, true, complete, and correct copies (as of the Execution Date) of     all Ultragenyx In-License     Agreements.  
   
 (b)   Ultragenyx     has     all     rights     applicable     necessary     to     grant     the     options     and     licenses under the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property and rights of cross-reference under     Regulatory Materials, in each case, that it grants to Takeda in this Agreement. For the duration of the     Term, Ultragenyx     shall     not,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates     not     to,     grant     to     any     Third     Party     rights     in     the Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory     or     the     Licensed     Field     in     the     Takeda     Territory,     as     applicable,     that encumber,     diminish     or     conflict     with     the     rights     granted     to     Takeda     hereunder     with     respect     to     the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property, Joint Intellectual Property or Regulatory     Materials.  
 72 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(c)   The Patents set forth in   Exhibit 1.188   represent all  Ultragenyx     Patents. Ultragenyx is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right, title and interest in the     Ultragenyx Patents free of any encumbrance, lien, or claim of ownership by any Third     Party.  
   
 (d)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, there is no actual or threatened infringement     or misappropriation of the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property by any Person in the     Territory.  
   
 (e)   The Ultragenyx Patents are being diligently prosecuted in the Territory     in accordance with Applicable Laws and consistent with Ultragenyx s current      prosecution practices. To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, the Ultragenyx Patents have been filed and     maintained properly     and     correctly     and     all     applicable     fees     have     been     paid     on     or     before     the     due     date     for payment.  
   
 (f)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, each of the Ultragenyx Patents properly     identifies each and every inventor of the claims thereof as determined in accordance with Applicable     Laws of the jurisdiction in which such Ultragenyx Patent is issued or such application is     pending.  
   
 (g)   To the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, all employees of Ultragenyx     or its Affiliates performing activities under this Agreement shall be under an obligation to assign     all right,     title     and     interest     in     and     to     their     Inventions,     and     intellectual     property     rights     therein,     to Ultragenyx or its Affiliate(s) as the sole owner thereof. Takeda shall have no obligation     to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or previously employed by     Ultragenyx or any of its Affiliates in respect of any such inventions, Information and discoveries     and intellectual property rights therein that are so assigned to Ultragenyx or its     Affiliate(s). Ultragenyx will pay all such remuneration due to such inventors with respect to such     Inventions and intellectual property rights     therein.  
   
 (h)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, the Inventions claimed or disclosed by     the Ultragenyx Patents (i) were not conceived, discovered, developed, or otherwise made     in connection with any research activities funded, in whole or in part, by the federal government     of the     U.S.     or     any     agency     thereof,     (ii)     are     not     a      subject     invention      as     that     term     is     described     in     35  

U.S.C.   
 
  Section 201(f), and (iii) are not otherwise subject to the provisions of the Bayh-Dole     Act.   

(i)   To Ultragenyx s Knowledge, there are no material claims, judgments,     or settlements against, or amounts with respect thereto, owed by Ultragenyx or any of its     Affiliates to any Third Parties relating to the Regulatory Materials or the Ultragenyx Intellectual     Property in the     Territory.  
   
 (j)   Ultragenyx has no Knowledge of any material adverse information with respect     to the     safety     and     efficacy     of     any     Compound     or     Product     that     has     not     been     disclosed     to     Takeda,     and all such information that has been disclosed is true, correct, and complete in all material     respects.  
   
 (k)   No claim or litigation in the Territory has been brought or, to     Ultragenyx s Knowledge, threatened by any Person alleging, and Ultragenyx has no Knowledge of any     claim, whether     or     not     asserted:     (i)     that any     of     the     Ultragenyx     Patents     is     invalid     or     unenforceable,     (ii) that the Regulatory Materials, the Ultragenyx Intellectual Property, or the disclosing,     copying,  
 73 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

making, assigning, or licensing of the Regulatory Materials or the Ultragenyx   Intellectual Property, violates, infringes, or otherwise conflicts or interferes with, or would violate,   infringe, or otherwise conflict or interfere with, any intellectual property or proprietary right  of   any Person; or (iii) related to the Development or Commercialization of the Products, including   any claims of Product   Liability. 
   
 (l)   In     performing     its     obligations     under     this     Agreement     Ultragenyx     shall,     and     shall cause its Affiliates to, comply with all Applicable Laws, including any applicable     anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws or regulation, of any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over     the activities performed by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates in furtherance of such     obligations.  
   
 (m)   Ultragenyx  ,   without the prior written consent of Takeda, during the Term, will     not solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any employee     of Takeda,     or     any     of     its     Affiliates,     to     terminate     his     or     her     relationship     with     Takeda     or     Takeda s Affiliate. An offer of employment to an employee of Takeda by Ultragenyx  which     results directly from unsolicited responses to general advertisements for employment will not     be deemed to be in violation of this     provision.  
   
 (n)   [***].  
   
 (o)   Ultragenyx has provided Takeda with true and correct copies (as of the     Execution Date)     of     all     Ultragenyx     In-License     Agreements     in     effect     as     of     the     Execution     Date.     None     of Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and, to their Knowledge, any Third Party, is in breach of     any Ultragenyx In-License Agreement and none of Ultragenyx, its Affiliates and, to     their Knowledge, any other party to any Ultragenyx In-License Agreement has threatened      to terminate, or has otherwise alleged any material breach under, such agreement and     each Ultragenyx In-License Agreement is in full force and effect in accordance with its     terms  
   
 13.4   No Other Representations or Warranties .   EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET     FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 13, THE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR   WARRANTIES OF   ANY   KIND   WHATSOEVER,   EITHER   EXPRESS   OR   IMPLIED,   WRITTEN   OR   ORAL, EITHER   IN   FACT   OR   BY   OPERATION   OF   LAW,   BY   STATUTE   OR   OTHERWISE,   AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES,   INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF QUALITY,   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTY OF   NON-INFRINGEMENT OR AS TO THE VALIDITY OF ANY PATENTS  IN  THE   TERRITORY. 
   
   ARTICLE 14      CONFIDENTIALITY 
   
   14.1   Nondisclosure.     Each     Party     agrees     that,     during     the     Term     and     for     a     period     of     ten     (10) years thereafter, a Party (the    Receiving Party   ) receiving Confidential Information of the     other Party (the    Disclosing Party   ) shall (a) maintain in confidence such Confidential     Information using     not     less     than     the     efforts     such     Receiving     Party     uses     to     maintain     in     confidence     its     own confidential or proprietary Information of similar kind and value, (b) not disclose     such  
 74 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Confidential   Information   to   any   Third   Party   without   the   prior   written   consent   of   the   Disclosing Party, except for disclosures expressly permitted below, and (c) not use such   Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement (it being understood   that this Section 14.1 shall not create or imply any rights or licenses not expressly granted under   this Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to any trade secret within such Confidential   Information shall   survive   such   ten   (10)   year   period   for   so   long   as   such   Confidential   Information   remains protected as a trade secret under Applicable   Laws. 
   
   14.2   Exceptions.    The obligations in Section 14.1 shall not apply with respect to any      portion of the Confidential Information that the Receiving Party can show by competent     evidence:  
   
 (a)   is publicly disclosed by the Disclosing Party, either before or after it is     disclosed to the Receiving Party     hereunder;  
   
 (b)   is known to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates, without any obligation     to keep it confidential or any restriction on its use, prior to disclosure by the Disclosing     Party;  
   
 (c)   is subsequently disclosed to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates on a     non- confidential     basis     by     a     Third     Party     that,     to     the     Receiving     Party s     Knowledge,     is     not     bound     by     a similar duty of confidentiality or restriction on its     use;  
   
 (d)   is     now,     or     hereafter     becomes,     through     no     act     or     failure     to     act     on     the     part     of     the Receiving     Party     or     any     of     its     Affiliates,     generally     known     or     available,     either     before     or     after     it     is disclosed to the Receiving     Party;  
   
 (e)   is     independently     discovered     or     developed     by     or     on     behalf     of     the     Receiving     Party or any of its Affiliates without the use of or access to Confidential Information belonging to     the Disclosing Party;     or  
   
 (f)   is the subject of written permission to disclose provided by the Disclosing     Party.  
   
   14.3   Authorized Disclosure.   The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential     Information belonging     to     the     Disclosing     Party     only     to     the     extent     such     disclosure     is     reasonably     necessary     in the following instances: filing or prosecuting Patents as permitted by this     Agreement;  
   
 (b)   filing Regulatory Materials in order to obtain or maintain Regulatory     Approvals;  
   
 (c)   prosecuting or defending litigation, including responding to a subpoena in a     Third Party     litigation;  
   
 (d)   complying with Applicable Laws or regulations or court or administrative     orders;  
 or 
   
 (e)   to its Affiliates, sublicensees or prospective sublicensees, subcontractors     or prospective     subcontractors,     payors,     consultants,     agents     and     advisors     on     a      need-to-know      basis  
   
 75 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

in order for the Receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under   this Agreement,   each   of   whom   prior   to   disclosure   must   be   bound   by   obligations   of   confidentiality and restrictions on use of such Confidential Information that are no less restrictive than those   set forth in this ARTICLE 14; provided, however, that, in each of the above situations,    the Receiving Party shall remain responsible for any failure by any Person who    receives Confidential Information pursuant to this Section 14.3 to treat such Confidential Information   as required under this ARTICLE   14. 
   
 (f)   If and whenever any Confidential Information is disclosed in accordance with     this Section     14.3,     such     disclosure     shall     not     cause     any     such     information     to     cease     to     be     Confidential Information     except     to     the     extent     that     such     disclosure     results     in     a     public     disclosure     of     such information     (other     than     by     breach     of     this     Agreement).     Notwithstanding     the     foregoing,     in     the event     a     Party     is     required     to     make     a     disclosure     of     the     other     Party s     Confidential     Information pursuant to clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 14.3, it will, except where impracticable,     give reasonable     advance     notice     to     the     other     Party     of     such     disclosure     and     use     not     less     than     the     same efforts to secure confidential treatment of such information as it would to protect its     own confidential     information     from     disclosure     and     shall     be     jointly     and     severally     liable     for     any     breach of this ARTICLE 14 by such     Person.  
   
   14.4   Terms of this Agreement.   The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement and all of     the respective terms of this Agreement shall be treated as Confidential Information of both     Parties.  
   
   14.5   Publicity.     The     Parties     shall     make     a     joint     public     announcement     of     the     execution     of     this Agreement     in     the     form     attached     as     Exhibit     14.5  ,     which     shall     be     issued     at     a     time     to     be     mutually agreed     by     the     Parties.     Each     Party     agrees     not     to     issue     any     other     press     release     or     other     public statement disclosing other information relating to this Agreement or the     transactions contemplated hereby that contains information not previously publicly disclosed in     accordance with this Section 14.5 without the prior written consent of the other Party, not to be     unreasonably withheld, conditioned or     delayed.  
   
   14.6   Securities Filings.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this ARTICLE 14, in     the event either Party proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the     securities regulators of any state or other jurisdiction a registration statement or any other     disclosure document     that     describes     or     refers     to     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     or     any     related agreements between the Parties, such Party shall notify the other Party of such intention and     shall provide     the     other     Party     with     a     copy     of     relevant     portions     of     the     proposed     filing     at     least     ten     (10) Business     Days     prior     to     such     filing     (and     any     revisions     to     such     portions     of     the     proposed     filing     a reasonable     time     prior     to     the     filing     thereof),     including     any     exhibits     thereto     that     refer     to     the     other Party     or     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     or     any     related     agreements     between     the Parties. The Party making such filing shall cooperate in good faith with the other Party to     obtain confidential     treatment     of     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     or     any     related     agreements between the Parties that the other Party requests to be kept confidential or otherwise     afforded confidential treatment, and shall only disclose Confidential Information that it is     reasonably advised by outside counsel is legally required to be disclosed. No such notice and provision of     a copy shall be required if the description of or reference to this Agreement or a related     agreement  
   
 76 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

between   the   Parties   contained   in   the   proposed   filing   has   been   included   in   any   previous   filing made by the either Party in accordance with this Section 14.6 or otherwise approved by the   other Party. 
   
   14.7   Relationship to Confidentiality Agreement.   As of the Effective Date, this     Agreement supersedes the Confidentiality Agreement; provided however, that all  Confidential     Information  disclosed or received by the Parties thereunder shall be deemed Confidential     Information hereunder and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this     Agreement.  
   
   14.8   Equitable Relief.   Given the nature of the Confidential Information and the     competitive damage that could result to a Party upon unauthorized disclosure, use or transfer of its Confidential Information to any Third Party, the Parties agree that monetary damages may not     be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this ARTICLE 14. In addition to all  other  remedies,     a Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief as     a remedy for any breach or threatened breach of this ARTICLE     14.  
   
   14.9   Publications.   All publications relating to the use of the Compound and/or a Product     in the Licensed Field shall be prepared, presented and/or published in accordance     with pharmaceutical industry accepted guidelines including: (a) International Committee of     Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) guidelines, (b) Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts Submitted     to Biomedical Journals: Writing and Editing for Biomedical Publication, (c)     Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) guidelines, and (d) Principles on Conduct     of Clinical     Trials.     Each     Party     will     have     the     right     to     publish     summaries     of     results     of     all     Clinical Trials conducted by such Party with respect to the use of a Product in the Licensed Field after     the Effective Date;   provided  ,   however,   that the other Party will have the right to review      and comment on all proposed publications prior to submission of such publication. The     publishing Party shall provide the other Party at least sixty (60) days prior notice to review and comment     on the     Clinical     Trials     results,     or     non-clinical     study     results     to     be     published     for     the     purposes     of preparing any necessary Patent     filings.  
   
 14.10   Clinical Trial Transparency  . Both Parties agree to collaborate to maintain     compliance with all Applicable Laws related to clinical trial transparency, as well as any     industry guidelines/codes of conduct, or other obligations that may apply to either the sponsor of     any clinical trial and/or the owner of any Regulatory Approval, all as relates to any Research     Product or Licensed Product. The Parties shall cooperate to maintain clinical  trial      transparency consistent with each sponsor s clinical trial registration, summary result, and data     sharing transparency policies and will support disclosure of Information as needed based on the needs     of the sponsors of the study or the Regulatory Approval holder with respect to  any     Research Product or Licensed     Product.  
   
   ARTICLE 15      TERM AND TERMINATION 
   
   15.1   Term  . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date  and      shall continue in full force and effect, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 15, until     the later     of     the     (a)     expiration     of     the     Collaboration     Term,     (b)     the     expiration     of     the     Takeda     Option Term,     (c)     the     expiration     of     the     Licensed     Product     Royalty     Term     with     respect     to     all     Licensed  
 77 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Products   in   the   Territory,   or   (d)   the   expiration   of   the   Takeda   Royalty   Term   with   respect   to   all Products the Takeda Territory (the     Term  ). 

15.2   
 
    Termination for Material     Breach  .   

(a)   Either Party (the    Non-breaching Party   ) may terminate this Agreement in     its entirety (except as otherwise provided in this Section 15.2(a)) if the other Party (the        Breaching     Party   )     has     materially     breached     this     Agreement,     and     such     material     breach     has     not     been     cured within sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice of such breach by the Breaching Party     from the Non-Breaching Party (the    Cure Period    provided, however, that, notwithstanding     the foregoing,     termination     pursuant     to     this     Section     15.2(a)     shall     be     on     a     Compound-by-Compound and     Product-by-Product     basis     unless     such     material     breach     materially     diminishes,     or     materially frustrates,     the     value     of     this     Agreement     to     the     Non-breaching     Party,     taken     as     a     whole,     in     which case the Non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety. Any termination     of this Agreement with respect to a Compound or Product, or in its entirety, pursuant to this     Section 15.2(a)     shall     become     effective     at     the     end     of     the     Cure     Period,     unless     the     Breaching     Party     has cured     any     such     material     breach     prior     to     the     expiration     of     such     Cure     Period.     The     right     of     either Party     to     terminate     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     a     Compound     or     Product,     or     in     its     entirety,     as provided     in     this     Section     15.2(a)     shall     not     be     affected     in     any     way     by     such     Party s     waiver     of     or failure to take action with respect to any previous breach under this     Agreement.  
   
   (b)   If the Parties reasonably and in good faith disagree as to whether there has been     a material     breach,     including     whether     such     breach     was     material,     the     Party     that     disputes     whether there     has     been     a     material     breach     may     contest     the     allegation     in     accordance     with     ARTICLE     16. Notwithstanding     anything     to     the     contrary     contained     in     Section     15.2(a),     the     Cure     Period     for     any Dispute     will     run     from     the     date     that     written     notice     was     first     provided     to     the     Breaching     Party     by the Non-Breaching Party through the resolution of such Dispute pursuant to ARTICLE 16, and     it is understood and acknowledged that, during the pendency of a Dispute pursuant to this     Section 15.2(b),     all     of     the     terms     and     conditions     of     this     Agreement     shall     remain     in     effect,     and     the     Parties shall continue to perform all of their respective obligations under this     Agreement.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for material breach with respect to     the activities that are the subject of such license agreement (which shall be on the basis of     this Section 15.2) and any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the existence of such     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

15.3   
 
    Termination for Safety     Reasons.   

(a)   Each     Party     shall     have     the     right     to     terminate     this     Agreement     on     a     Compound-by- Compound     and     Product-by-Product     basis     with     respect     to     such     Party s     field     and     territory     at     any time upon providing ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other Party (i) if     senior executives responsible for the terminating Party s pharmacovigilance and clinical     science functions determine in good faith that the risk/benefit profile of the Compound or Product is     such that     the     Compound     or     Product     cannot     continue     to     be     Developed     or     administered     to     patients  
 78 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

safely;   or   (b)   upon   the   occurrence   of   serious   adverse   events   related   to   the   use   of   the   Compound or Product that cause the terminating Party to conclude that the continued use of the   Compound or   Product   by   patients   will   result   in   patients   being   exposed   to   a   product   in   which   the   risks outweigh the   benefits. 
   
 (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for safety reasons with respect to     the activities that are the subject of such license agreement (which shall be on the basis of     this Section 15.3) and any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the existence of such     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

(a)   Takeda shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with respect to      the Takeda Option for any or no reason upon ninety (90) days written     notice.  
   
 (b)   Provided     that     Ultragenyx     has     completed     Development     activities     for     a     Licensed [***]     Product     in     the     Takeda     Field     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan     pursuant     to Section 4.3(a), after the end of the Collaboration Term Ultragenyx shall have the right     to terminate this Agreement with respect to any or all Licensed Products in any or all countries     for which it has rights with respect to such Licensed Products for any or no reason upon ninety     (90) days written     notice.  
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for convenience with respect to the     activities that     are     the     subject     of     such     license     agreement     (which     shall     be     on     the     basis     of     this     Section     15.4) and     any     termination     of     this     Agreement     shall     not     affect     the     existence     of     such     Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

15.5   
 
    Termination for Patent Challenge  .     

(a)   Takeda     may     terminate     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     the     Licensed     Products     at any     time     upon     providing     written     notice     to     Ultragenyx,     if     Ultragenyx,     or     any     of     Ultragenyx s Affiliates,     directly,     or     indirectly     through     assistance     granted     to     a     Third     Party,     commences     any interference or opposition proceeding, challenges the validity or enforceability of, or opposes     any extension of or the grant of a supplementary protection certificate with respect to any     Takeda Patent or any other Patent owned or controlled by Takeda that claims or discloses     the composition of matter or the method of making or using a Licensed     Product.  
   
 (b)   Takeda may terminate this Agreement with respect to all Candidate     Products and/or     Option     Products     at     any     time     upon     providing     written     notice     to     Ultragenyx,     if     Ultragenyx, or     any     of     Ultragenyx s     Affiliates,     directly,     or     indirectly     through     assistance     granted     to     a     Third Party, commences any interference or opposition proceeding, challenges the validity     or enforceability of, or opposes any extension of or the grant of a supplementary     protection  
 79 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

certificate   with   respect   to   any   Takeda   Patent   or   any   other   Patent   Controlled   by   Takeda   that claims   or   discloses   the   composition   of   matter   or   the   method   of   making   or   using   a   Candidate Product and/or Option   Product. 
   
 (c)   Ultragenyx may terminate this Agreement with respect to an Ultragenyx     Pipeline Product     at     any     time     upon     providing     written     notice     to     Takeda,     if     Takeda,     or     any     of     Takeda s Affiliates,     directly,     or     indirectly     through     assistance     granted     to     a     Third     Party,     commences     any interference or opposition proceeding, challenges the validity or enforceability of, or opposes     any extension of or the grant of a supplementary protection certificate with respect to any     Ultragenyx Patent or any other Patent Controlled by Ultragenyx that claims or discloses the composition     of matter or the method of making or using such Ultragenyx Pipeline     Product.  
   
 (d)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement shall govern the handling of termination for patent challenge with respect to     the activities     that     are     the     subject     of     such     license     agreement     (which     shall     be     on     the     basis     of     this Section 15.5) and any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the existence of such     Option Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

(a)   Either Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon providing     written notice to the other Party on or after the time that such other Party makes a general assignment     for the benefit of creditors, files an insolvency petition in bankruptcy, petitions for or acquiesces     in the appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer to liquidate or conserve its business     or any     substantial     part     of     its     assets,     commences     under     the     laws     of     any     jurisdiction     any     proceeding involving its insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, adjustment of debt, dissolution,     liquidation or     any     other     similar     proceeding     for     the     release     of     financially     distressed     debtors,     or     becomes     a party to any proceeding or action of the type described above, and such proceeding or     action remains un-dismissed or un-stayed for a period of more than ninety (90)     days.  
   
   (b)   All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement are, and     shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of Title 11 of the United States     Code and other similar laws in any other jurisdiction outside of the Territory (collectively,     the    Bankruptcy Laws   ), licenses of rights to  intellectual property  as defined  under     the Bankruptcy Laws. If a case is commenced during the Term by or against a Party     under Bankruptcy Laws then, unless and until this Agreement is rejected as provided pursuant to     such Bankruptcy Laws, such Party (in any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its     successors and     assigns     (including     a     Title     11     trustee)     shall     perform     all     of     the     obligations     in     this     Agreement intended to be performed by such Party. If a case is commenced during the Term by or against     a Party under the Bankruptcy Laws, this Agreement is rejected as provided for under     the Bankruptcy Laws, and the non-bankrupt Party elects to retain its rights hereunder as provided     for under     the     Bankruptcy     Laws,     then     the     Party     subject     to     such     case     under     the     Bankruptcy     Laws     (in any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title     11 trustee), shall provide to the non-bankrupt Party copies of all Patents and Information     necessary for     the     non-bankrupt     Party     to     prosecute,     maintain     and     enjoy     its     rights     under     the     terms     of     this  
 80 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Agreement. All rights, powers and remedies of the non-bankrupt Party as provided herein are   in addition   to   and   not   in   substitution   for   any   and   all   other   rights,   powers   and   remedies   now   or hereafter existing at law or in equity (including the Bankruptcy Laws) in the event of   the commencement of a case by or against a Party under the Bankruptcy Laws.  In  particular, it is   the intention and understanding of the Parties to this Agreement that the rights granted to the   Parties under this Section 15.6 are essential to the Parties  respective businesses and the   Parties acknowledge that damages are not an adequate   remedy. 
   
 (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License Agreement, the terms of such     license agreement     shall     govern     the     handling     of     termination     for     insolvency     with     respect     to     the     activities that     are     the     subject     of     such     license     agreement     (which     shall     be     on     the     basis     of     this     Section     15.6) and     any     termination     of     this     Agreement     shall     not     affect     the     existence     of     such     Option     Product License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement.  

(a)   Effects of Termination of Agreement in its     Entirety  
   
 (i)   In the event of a termination of this Agreement in its entirety     by Ultragenyx pursuant to Section 15.2 (Breach) and 15.6 (Insolvency), Ultragenyx may elect     either of     the     following     options     (A)     or     (B)     by     providing     written     notice     of     its     election     with     its     notice     of termination:  
   
   (A)   to effectuate actual termination of this Agreement in its     entirety, in which case the following shall     apply:  
   
 (I)   all rights and licenses granted to     Ultragenyx hereunder shall terminate immediately;  
   
 (II)   all rights and licenses granted by     Ultragenyx hereunder     shall     terminate     immediately     other     than     the     Takeda     [***]     License,     which     license     shall become     non-exclusive     under     any     intellectual     property     not     assigned     to     Takeda     pursuant     to     the remainder of this Section 15.7(a)(i)(A), and which license shall apply to the Licensed     [***] Compound, Licensed Analog Compounds, Licensed Products and Research     Products;  
   
   (III)   Ultragenyx, as soon as reasonably practical after     the effective     date     of     such     termination,     shall     provide     to     Takeda,     as     applicable     and     to     the     extent permitted under any applicable Third Party contract, (1) any Information, including copies of     all Clinical Trial data and results, and the like developed by or for the benefit of Ultragenyx     relating to a Licensed Product or Research Product, and (2) other documents to the extent relating to     the Licensed [***] Compounds, Licensed Analog Compounds, [***] Compounds, Candidate     Products, Licensed Products or Research Products that are necessary for their Exploitation.      Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer of such Information and documents at     Takeda s expense.     At     Takeda s     request,     Ultragenyx     shall     assign     to     Takeda     any     and     all     agreements     to which Ultragenyx, or its Affiliate, and a Third Party are parties, and that govern the     Exploitation  
 81 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

activities   conducted   in   connection   with   such   Compounds   or   Products   prior   to   such   termination, or,   if   such   assignment   is   not   permitted   under   the   relevant   agreement:   (i)   grant   to   Takeda   other rights   to   provide   to   Takeda   the   benefit   of   such   non-assignable   agreement,   at   Takeda s   expense, to the extent permitted under the terms of such non-assignable agreement; or (ii) to the extent   not permitted   under   the   terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement,   the   Parties   shall   discuss   in   good faith   an   alternative   solution   to   enable   Takeda   to   receive,   at   Takeda s   expense,   the   benefit   of   the terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement.   In   addition   to   the   actions   contemplated   in   this   Section 15.7(a)(i)(A)(III),   Ultragenyx   shall   take   such   other   actions   and   execute   such   other   instruments, assignments   and   documents,   at   Takeda s   expense,   as   may   be   necessary   to   effect   the   transfer   of rights to such Compound(s) and Product(s) hereunder to   Takeda; 
   
 (IV)   Ultragenyx shall, at Takeda s expense, transfer     to Takeda any and all Regulatory Documentation related to a Licensed Product or     Research Product,     including     any     Product     INDs     and     Product     Regulatory     Approvals     and,     upon     Takeda s request, shall make available to Takeda any other relevant information reasonably related to     such Regulatory Documentation;     and  
   
 (V)   effective on the date of termination, Ultragenyx,     for itself     and     on     behalf     of     its     Affiliates,     hereby     assigns     (and     to     the     extent     such     assignment     can     only be made in the future hereby agrees to assign) to Takeda all right, title and interest in and to     any Licensed Product Improvements, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, Option     Product Improvements, and Option Product Improvement Patents, in each case where Controlled     by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates. Ultragenyx will, at Takeda s expense, execute and     record assignments and other necessary documents consistent with such change in ownership;     or  
   
   (B)   in lieu of actual termination under (A) above, Ultragenyx     may elect that all rights and licenses granted to Ultragenyx hereunder shall continue under     this Agreement     and     any     milestone     or     royalty     payments     that     become     due     to     Takeda     by     Ultragenyx with     respect     to     Licensed     Product     after     such     termination     shall be     [***] and paid to Takeda in accordance with the payment provisions of this Agreement. This     Section 15.7(a)(i)(B) may only be exercised     once.  
   
 (ii)   In     the     event     of     a     termination     of     this     Agreement     in     its     entirety     by     Takeda pursuant to Section 15.2 (Breach) or 15.6 (Insolvency), Takeda may elect either of the     following options (A) or (B) by providing written notice of its election with its notice of     termination:  
   
   (A)   to effectuate actual termination of this Agreement in its     entirety, in which case the following shall     apply:  
   
 (I)   all rights and licenses granted to Takeda     hereunder shall     terminate     immediately,     other     than     the     Takeda     [***]     License,     which     license     shall     become non-exclusive     under     any     intellectual     property     not     assigned     to     Takeda     pursuant     to     the     remainder of     this     Section     15.7(a)(ii)(A),     and     which     licenses     shall     apply     to     the     Licensed     [***]     Compound, Licensed Analog Compounds, Licensed Products and Research     Products;  

(II)   
 
  all     rights     and     licenses     granted     by     Takeda     hereunder     

 82 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

shall terminate   immediately; 
   
 (III)   if not already completed and provided,     Ultragenyx shall     complete     and     provide     a     report     of     the     Development     activities     for     the     Licensed     [***]     Product in     the     Takeda     Field     as     set     forth     in     the     Initial     [***]     Development     Plan     in     accordance     with     Section 4.3(a);  
   
   (IV)   Ultragenyx, as soon as reasonably practical after     the effective     date     of     such     termination,     shall     provide     to     Takeda,     as     applicable     and     to     the     extent permitted under any applicable Third Party contract, (1) any Information, including copies of     all Clinical Trial data and results, and the like developed by or for the benefit of Ultragenyx     relating to a Licensed Product or Research Product, and (2) other documents to the extent relating to     the Licensed [***] Compounds, Licensed Analog Compounds, [***] Compounds, Candidate     Products, Licensed Products or Research Products that are necessary for their Exploitation.      Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer of such material Information and documents     at Ultragenyx s expense. At Takeda s request, Ultragenyx shall assign to Takeda any  and     all Patents     and     agreements     to     which     Ultragenyx,     or     its     Affiliate,     and     a     Third     Party     are     parties,     and that govern the Exploitation activities conducted in connection with such Compounds      or Products     prior     to     such     termination,     or,     if     such     assignment     is     not     permitted     under     the     relevant agreement: (i) grant to Takeda other rights to provide to Takeda the benefit of such     non- assignable     agreement,     at     Ultragenyx s     expense,     to     the     extent     permitted     under     the     terms     of     such non-assignable agreement; or (ii) to the extent not permitted under the terms of such     non- assignable     agreement,     the     Parties     shall     discuss     in     good     faith     an     alternative     solution     to     enable Takeda     to     receive,     at     Ultragenyx s     expense,     the     benefit     of     the     terms     of     such     non-assignable agreement. In addition to the actions contemplated in this Section 15.7(a)(ii)(A)(IV),     Ultragenyx shall take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments and documents,     at Ultragenyx s     expense,     as     may     be     necessary     to     effect     the     transfer     of     rights     to     such     Compound(s) and Product(s) hereunder to Takeda;  
   
 (V)   Ultragenyx shall, at its expense, transfer  to     Takeda any and all Regulatory Documentation related to a Licensed Product or Research     Product, including any Product INDs and Product Regulatory Approvals and, upon  Takeda s     request, shall make available to Takeda any other relevant information reasonably related to     such Regulatory Documentation;     and  
   
 (VI)   effective on the date of termination, Ultragenyx,     for itself     and     on     behalf     of     its     Affiliates,     hereby     assigns     (and     to     the     extent     such     assignment     can     only be made in the future hereby agrees to assign) to Takeda all right, title and interest in and to     any Licensed Product Improvements, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, Option     Product Improvements, and Option Product Improvement Patents, in each case where Controlled     by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates. Ultragenyx will, at its expense, execute and record assignments     and other necessary documents consistent with such change in ownership;     or  
   
   (B)   in lieu of actual termination under (A) above, Takeda may     elect that all rights and licenses granted to Takeda hereunder shall continue under this Agreement     and any     milestones     or     royalty     payments     that     become     due     to     Ultragenyx     by     Takeda     with     respect     to  
 83 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

any Exercised Product after such termination shall be reduced by fifty percent (50%) and paid   to Ultragenyx in accordance with the payment provisions of this Agreement. This   Section 15.7(a)(ii)(B) may only be exercised   once. 
   
 (iii)   For clarity, an Exercised Product License Agreement or an Option     Product License Agreement shall include termination provisions similar to this Section 15.7(a) and     shall otherwise govern the effects of termination of such agreement in its     entirety.  
   
 (b)   Effects of Termination of a Compound or Product for Safety Reasons.   In     the event     of     a     termination     of     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     a     particular     Compound     or     Product pursuant to Section 15.3 (for the avoidance of doubt, not a Terminated Product)     then:  
   
 (i)   all     license     rights     received     by     the     terminating     Party     and     all     obligations     of the terminating Party with respect to the terminated Compound or Product shall cease and,     with respect to the terminating Party only, this Agreement shall automatically be deemed to     be amended     to     exclude     such     rights     and     obligations     of     the     terminating     Party     with     respect     to     the terminated     Compound     or     Product     but     shall     otherwise     survive     and     continue     in     effect     for     the remaining Compounds and Products;     and  
   
 (ii)   the non-terminating Party shall continue to have all rights and     obligations under this Agreement with respect to the terminated Compound or Product (including     the obligation to make royalty, milestone and other payments to the terminating Party) unless it     also elects to terminate the particular Compound or Product pursuant to Section     15.3.  
   
   (c)   Effects of Termination with Respect to a Terminated Product.   In the event     of termination     of     this     Agreement     with     respect     to     a     Terminated     Product     (but     not     in     the     case     of     any termination of this Agreement in its entirety)     then:  
   
 (i)   all rights and licenses granted hereunder by either Party      shall automatically     be     deemed     to     be     amended     to     exclude     the     Terminated     Product     but     shall     otherwise survive and continue in effect for the remaining Compounds and     Products;  
   
 (ii)   in the case of termination for convenience pursuant to Section 15.4, if     an Option Negotiation Period or Takeda Option Negotiation Period is then ongoing, the Term     with respect     to     such     Option     Product     or     Exercised     Product,     as     applicable,     will     automatically     extend until the earlier of (A) expiration of such Option Negotiation Period or Takeda     Option Negotiation     Period,     as     applicable,     or     (B)     execution     of     the     applicable     Option     Product     License Agreement or Exercised Product License     Agreement;  
   
 (iii)   if the Terminated Product is a Licensed Product, if not already     completed and     provided,     Ultragenyx     shall     complete     and     provide     a     report     of     the     Development     activities     for the Licensed [***] Product in the Takeda Field as set forth in the Initial [***] Development Plan     in accordance with Section     4.3(a);  
   
   (iv)   Ultragenyx, as soon as reasonably practical after the effective date of     such termination, shall provide to Takeda, as applicable and to the extent permitted under     any  
 84 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

applicable   Third   Party   contract,   (A)   any   Information,   including   copies   of   all   Clinical   Trial   data and   results,   and   the   like   developed   by   or   for   the   benefit   of   Ultragenyx   relating   to   a   Terminated Product,   and   (B)   other   documents   to   the   extent   relating   to   the   Terminated   Products   that   are necessary for their Exploitation. Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer   of such material Information and documents. Ultragenyx shall assign to Takeda any and all   Patents and   agreements   to   which   Ultragenyx,   or   its   Affiliate,   and   a   Third   Party   are   parties,   and   that govern the Exploitation activities conducted in connection with a Terminated Product prior   to such termination, or, if such assignment is not permitted under the relevant agreement: (1)   grant to Takeda other rights to provide to Takeda the benefit of such non-assignable agreement to   the extent   permitted   under   the   terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement;   or   (2)   to   the   extent   not permitted   under   the   terms   of   such   non-assignable   agreement,   the   Parties   shall   discuss   in   good faith an alternative solution to enable Takeda to receive the benefit of the terms of such   non- assignable agreement. In addition to the actions contemplated in this Section 15.7(c)(iv), Ultragenyx shall take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments   and documents   as   may   be   necessary   to   effect   the   transfer   of   rights   to   such   Terminated   Products hereunder to Takeda.  Each Party shall bear its own expenses under this Section   15.7(c)(iv); 
   
 (v)   Ultragenyx shall transfer to Takeda any and all Regulatory     Documentation directly     and     solely     related     to     a     Terminated     Product,     including     any     Product     INDs     and     Product Regulatory     Approvals     and,     upon     Takeda s     request,     shall     make     available     to     Takeda     any     other relevant information reasonably related to such Regulatory     Documentation;  
   
 (vi)   effective on the date of termination, Ultragenyx, for itself and on behalf     of its     Affiliates,     hereby     assigns     (and     to     the     extent     such     assignment     can     only     be     made     in     the     future hereby     agrees     to     assign)     to     Takeda     all     right,     title     and     interest     in     and     to     any     Licensed     Product Improvements, Licensed Product Improvement Patents, Option Product Improvements,     and Option     Product     Improvement     Patents     to     the     extent     the     foregoing     Cover     a     Terminated     Product and are Controlled by Ultragenyx or its Affiliates. Ultragenyx will execute and     record assignments and other necessary documents consistent with such change in ownership;     and  
   
 (vii)   Takeda     shall     have     the     right     to     assume     all     prosecution,     maintenance,     and enforcement     activities     with     respect     to     Patents     under     this     Agreement     Covering     the     Terminated Products. Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda and provide Takeda with reasonable     assistance and     cooperation     with     the     prosecution,     maintenance,     and     enforcement     activities     with     respect     to such     Patents.  
   
 (d)   Effect of Termination on Ultragenyx s Put Rights under the Common     Stock Purchase Agreement  . Immediately upon (i) written notice of termination of this Agreement     in its     entirety     pursuant     to     Section     15.2,     or     15.6,     (ii)     written     notice     of     termination     of     a     Licensed Product     or     Research     Product     pursuant     to     Section     15.2,     15.3,     15.4,     15.5,     18.5     or     (iii)     upon     the Ultragenyx     [***]     License     terminating     pursuant     to     Section     4.3(f),     Ultragenyx s     rights     under     the Common     Stock     Purchase     Agreement     to     require     the     purchase     of     the     Second     Tranche     Shares     and Third     Tranche     Shares     (as     such     terms     are     defined     in     the     Common     Stock     Purchase     Agreement) shall be suspended and such rights shall automatically terminate on the effective date of     such termination, provided, however, there shall be no suspension or termination of such     Ultragenyx  
   
 85 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

rights   under   the   Common   Stock   Purchase   Agreement   to   the   extent   Ultragenyx   terminates   the Agreement,   a   Licensed   Product   or   Research   Product   pursuant   to   Section   15.2.   Where   written notice   of   termination   pursuant   to   Section   15.2   is   provided   by   Takeda,   and   Ultragenyx   cures   all material breaches during the Cure Period, the suspension shall be removed on the effective   date of such   cure. 

(a)   Expiration of Collaboration Term.   Upon expiration of the Collaboration     Term for a given Research     Product:  
   
 (i)   All rights to such Research Product shall revert to Takeda except for     those rights, if any, granted to Ultragenyx under an Option Product License     Agreement;  
   
   (ii)   As soon as reasonably practical after the effective date of expiration of     the Collaboration     Term     for     a     given     Research     Product,     Ultragenyx     shall,     except     where     otherwise provided     under     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement,     provide     to     Takeda,     as     applicable     and     to the     extent     permitted     under     any     applicable     Third     Party     contract     (1)     any     Information,     including copies     of     all     Clinical     Trial     data     and     results,     and     the     like     developed     by     or     for     the     benefit     of Ultragenyx     relating     to     such     Research     Product     and     (2)     other     documents     to     the     extent     relating     to such Research Product that are necessary for their continued Exploitation. Ultragenyx     will cooperate with Takeda to provide a transfer of such material Information and documents.     At Takeda s request, Ultragenyx shall assign to Takeda any and all Patents and agreements to     which Ultragenyx,     or     its     Affiliate,     and     a     Third     Party     are     parties,     and     that     govern     the     Exploitation activities conducted in connection with such Research Product prior to such expiration, or if     such assignment is not permitted under the relevant agreement: (i) grant to Takeda other rights     to provide to Takeda the benefit of such non-assignable agreement to the extent permitted under     the terms     of     such     non-assignable     agreement;     or     (ii)     to     the     extent     not     permitted     under     the     terms     of such     non-assignable     agreement,     the     Parties     shall     discuss     in     good     faith     an     alternative     solution     to enable Takeda to receive the benefit of the terms of such non-assignable agreement. In      addition to     the     actions     contemplated     in     this     Section     15.8(a)(ii),     Ultragenyx     shall     take     such     other     actions and     execute     such     other     instruments,     assignments     and     documents     as     may     be     necessary     to     effect the     transfer     of     rights     to     such     Product     to     Takeda.     Each     Party     shall     bear     its     own     expenses     under this Section     15.8(a)(ii);  
   
 (iii)   Ultragenyx shall transfer to Takeda any and all Regulatory     Documentation directly     and     solely     related     to     such     Research     Product,     including     any     Product     INDs     and     Product Regulatory     Approvals     and,     upon     Takeda s     request,     shall     make     available     to     Takeda     any     other relevant information reasonably related to such Regulatory Documentation;     and  
   
 (iv)   Takeda     shall     have     the     right     to     assume     all     prosecution,     maintenance,     and enforcement     activities     with     respect     to     Patents     under     this     Agreement     Covering     such     Research Product. Ultragenyx will cooperate with Takeda and provide Takeda with reasonable     assistance and     cooperation     with     the     prosecution,     maintenance,     and     enforcement     activities     with     respect     to such     Patents.  
   
 86 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(b)   Expiration of Licensed Product Royalty Term.   Upon the expiration of     the Licensed     Product     Royalty     Term     for     each     Licensed     Product     in     each     country     in     the     Territory, Ultragenyx shall have a non-exclusive, fully-paid up and irrevocable license under the     Licensed [***]     Technology     with     respect     to     such     Licensed     Product     in     such     country     in     the     Ultragenyx     Field for Licensed     Products.  
   
 (c)   Expiration of Exercised Product License Agreement and Option     Product License Agreement  . Each Exercised Product License Agreement and Option Product     License Agreement shall provide that, upon expiration of the applicable royalty term, Takeda shall have     a non-exclusive,     fully-paid     up     and     irrevocable     license     with     respect     to     the     Exercised     Products     and Licensed Option Products,     respectively.  
   
   15.9   Remedies.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except     as otherwise     set     forth     in     this     Agreement,     termination     or     expiration     of     this     Agreement     shall     not relieve     the     Parties     of     any     liability     or     obligation     which     accrued     hereunder     prior     to     the     effective date of such termination or expiration, nor prejudice either Party s right to obtain performance     of any obligation. Each Party shall be free, pursuant to ARTICLE 16, to seek, without restriction     as to     the     number     of     times     it     may     seek,     damages,     costs     and     remedies     that     may     be     available     to     it under Applicable Laws or in equity and shall be entitled to offset the amount of any damages     and costs     obtained     against     the     other     Party     in     a     final     determination     under     Section     16.4,     against     any amounts otherwise due to such other Party under this     Agreement.  
   
   15.10   Survival  .     The     following     provisions     shall     survive     any     expiration     or     termination     of     this Agreement     for     the     period     of     time     specified     therein     (or,     if     no     such     period     is     specified, indefinitely): ARTICLE 1 (Definitions); ARTICLE 16 (Dispute Resolution); and ARTICLE 17 (Indemnification); and Sections 4.5 (Records; Disclosure of Data and Results), 6.6(b) (Research Materials Transfer), 11.9, 11.10, 11.11, 11.12, 11.13 (Payment, Taxes, Audit); 12.1     (Ownership of     Inventions);     14.1,     14.2,     14.3,     14.4,     14.5,     14.6,     14.7,     14.8     (Confidentiality);     15.7,     15.8,     15.9, 15.10 (Termination); 18.3, 18.7, 18.8, 18.9, 18.10, 18.14, 18.15, 18.16, and     18.17 (Miscellaneous).  
   
       ARTICLE 16      DISPUTE   RESOLUTION 
   
   16.1   Exclusive     Dispute     Resolution     Mechanism.     Except     for     disputes     for     which     a     Party     has final     decision     making     authority     under     this     Agreement,     including     Sections     2.1(b)(ii),     2.2(c)(ii) and 12.4, the Parties agree that the procedures set forth in this ARTICLE 16 shall  be     the exclusive     mechanism     for     resolving     any     dispute,     controversy,     or     claim     between     the     Parties     that may arise from time to time pursuant to this Agreement relating to either Party s rights     or obligations     hereunder     (each,     a        Dispute   ,     and     collectively,     the        Disputes   )     that     is     not     resolved through good faith negotiation between the     Parties.  
   
   16.2   Resolution by Executive Officers.   In   the event of any Dispute, the Parties shall     first attempt in good faith to resolve such Dispute by negotiation and consultation     between themselves.     In     the     event     that     such     Dispute     is     not     resolved     on     an     informal     basis     within     ten     (10) Business     Days     after     receipt     of     writing     notice     of     such     Dispute     by     a     Party,     either     Party     may,     by written     notice     to     the     other     Party,     refer     the     Dispute     to     the     Senior     Officers     of     the     other     Party     for  
 87 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

attempted resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty (30) days after such notice   is received. Except where exclusive decision-making authority rests with a Party under   this Agreement (including Sections 2.1(b)(ii), 2.2(c)(ii) and 12.4), each Party may, in its   sole discretion,   seek   resolution   of   any   and   all   Disputes   that   are   not   resolved   under   this   Section   16.2 using (a) arbitration pursuant Section 16.3 where arbitration pursuant to Section 16.3   is specifically provided for in this Agreement or (b) otherwise, pursuant to Section   16.4. 
   
   16.3   Baseball Arbitration.   Any Dispute for which arbitration pursuant to this Section 16.3     is specifically     provided     for     in     this     Agreement     shall     be     finally     decided     by     expedited     arbitration     in accordance with the following abbreviated dispute resolution     procedures:  
   
   (a)   If     the     Dispute     is     not     resolved     within     thirty     (30)     days     after     referral     to     the     Party s respective     Senior     Officers     pursuant     to     Section     16.2,     either     Party     may     send     the     other     Party     a written     notice     that     it     wishes     to     resolve     the     Dispute     by     using     a     neutral     Third     Party     who     is     an Expert with at least fifteen (15) years of experience in area of the Dispute (the    Neutral     Expert   ). The date of the other Party s receipt of such written notices shall be the    Notice     Date  .   
   
   (b)   Within fifteen (15) Business Days of the Notice Date, each Party shall notify     the other Party in writing of its appointed Expert (each, a    Representative Expert   ).     The Representative Experts for each Party shall jointly appoint the Neutral Expert within fifteen     (15) Business     Days.  
   
 (c)   Within ten (10) Business Days after the appointment of the Neutral Expert,     each Party     shall     submit     to     the     other     Party     and     the     Neutral     Expert     a     written     summary     regarding     its position with respect to the Dispute. Contemporaneously with the submission of its     written summary     regarding     its     position,     each     Party     shall     provide     the     other     Party     and     the     Neutral     Expert with copies of all documents it relied upon in its written summary; provided that each Party     may redact any portion of such documents which are covered by an applicable privilege or do     not relate     to     the     subject     matter     of     this     Agreement.     Within     three     (3)     Business     Days     of     receipt     of     the other Party's written summary regarding its position, each Party may submit an     opposition statement of no more than five (5) pages in length (excluding exhibits and declarations).     Neither Party     will     be     allowed     to     conduct     any     discovery.     Neither     Party     may     have     any     communications (either written or oral) with the other Party s Representative Experts or the Neutral Expert     other than     for     the     sole     purpose     of     engaging     the     expert     panel     or     as     expressly     permitted     in     this     Section 16.3; provided, that oral presentations and follow-up written submissions may be made to     the Neutral Expert at such Neutral Expert's request. The Neutral Expert may consult in writing     with the     Representative     Experts     regarding     the     submissions     made     by     either     Party;     provided     that     both Representative     Experts     are     aware     of     such     consultation     and     provided     an     opportunity     to     respond. Evaluating     each     Party s     written     submissions,     the     Neutral     Expert     shall,     within     ten     (10)     Business Days of receipt of the written opposition statement, select in total, either Takeda's submission     or Ultragenyx s submission. Such decision shall be final, binding and not     appealable.  
   
 (d)   The     Party     whose     submission     is     not     selected     shall     be     solely     responsible     for     the expenses     and     fees     of     the     Neutral     Expert     and     the     reasonable     costs     and     fees     of     the     other     Party s Representative     Expert.  
   
 88 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

16.4   Litigation.     Any     unresolved     Dispute     that     was     subject     to     Section     16.2,     shall     be     brought exclusively     in     a     court     of     competent     jurisdiction,     federal     or     state,     located     in     New     York,     New York, and in no other jurisdiction. Each Party hereby consents to personal jurisdiction and     venue in, and agrees to service of process issued or authorized by, such     court.  
   
 16.5   Preliminary Injunctions.   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,     a Party may seek a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction from any court     of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent immediate and irreparable injury, loss, or damage on     a provisional basis, pending the decision of the arbitrator(s) on the ultimate merits of any     Dispute.  
   
 16.6   Patent and Trademark Disputes.   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to     the contrary, any and all issues regarding the scope, construction, validity, and enforceability of     any Patent or trademark relating to a Product that is the subject of this Agreement shall      be determined     in     a     court     or     other     tribunal,     as     the     case     may     be,     of     competent     jurisdiction     under     the applicable patent or trademark laws of the country in which such Patent or trademark rights     were granted or     arose.  
   
 16.7   Confidentiality.   Any and all activities conducted under ARTICLE 16, including any     and all     proceedings     and     decisions     under     Section     16.4,     shall     be     deemed     Confidential     Information     of each of the Parties, and shall be subject to ARTICLE     14.  
   
 16.8   WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL  . In connection with the Parties  rights     under Section     16.4,     EACH     PARTY,     TO     THE     EXTENT     PERMITTED     BY     APPLICABLE     LAWS, KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO     A TRIAL BY JURY   IN   ANY ACTION OR OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT     OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS     IT   CONTEMPLATES. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO ANY ACTION OR      LEGAL PROCEEDING, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR     OTHERWISE.  
   
       ARTICLE 17        INDEMNIFICATION 
   
   17.1   Indemnification by Ultragenyx.   Ultragenyx hereby agrees to defend, indemnify     and hold harmless Takeda and its Affiliates, and each of their respective directors,     officers, employees, agents and representatives (each, a      Takeda Indemnitee   ) from and against any     and all claims, suits, actions, demands, liabilities, expenses and/or loss, including reasonable     legal expense     and     attorneys      fees     (collectively,     the        Losses   ),     to     which     any     Takeda     Indemnitee     may become subject as a result of any claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any Third     Party (each,     a        Claim   )     to     the     extent     such     Losses     arise     directly     or     indirectly     out     of:     (i)     the     practice     by Ultragenyx or its Affiliate of any license granted to it under ARTICLE 3; (ii) the Exploitation     of a Compound or a Product by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates or its sublicensees on or after      the Effective Date, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Product Liabilities arising from the     use of     a     Product     in     the     Licensed     Field     in     the     Territory     on     or     after     the     Effective     Date     and     any     Losses that may arise due to Ultragenyx, its Affiliates or its sublicensees continuing to Exploit     a Compound or Product in its territory or field that is the subject matter of a termination by     Takeda pursuant to Section 15.3; (iii) the Exploitation of any Ultragenyx Pipeline  Product     by Ultragenyx, its Affiliates or its licensees before the Effective Date, including, for the     avoidance  
 89 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

of   doubt,   any   Product   Liabilities   arising   from   the   use   of   a   Ultragenyx   Pipeline   Product;   (iv)   the breach by Ultragenyx of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Ultragenyx in this Agreement; (v) the negligence, gross negligence or willful   misconduct (including   to   the   extent   such   negligence,   gross   negligence   or   willful   misconduct   gives   rise   to Product   Liabilities   under   any   legal   theory)   of   Ultragenyx,   its   Affiliate   or   its   sublicensee,   or   any officer, director, employee, agent or representative thereof; except, with respect to each   of subsections   (i)   through   (v)   above,   to   the   extent   such   Losses   arise   directly   or   indirectly   from   the negligence,   gross   negligence   or   willful   misconduct   of   any   Takeda   Indemnitee   or   the   breach    by  Takeda of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Takeda in   this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the execution of an Exercised   Product License Agreement or Option Product License Agreement, the terms of such license   agreement shall   govern   the   indemnification   terms   with   respect   to   such   Product(s)   that   are   the   subject   of such license   agreement. 
   
   17.2   Indemnification by Takeda.   Takeda hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and     hold harmless Ultragenyx and its Affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers,     employees, agents and representatives (each, an      Ultragenyx Indemnitee   ) from and against any and     all Losses to which any Ultragenyx Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any Claim to     the extent such Losses arise directly or indirectly out of: (i) the practice by Takeda or its Affiliate     of any     license     granted     to     it     under     ARTICLE     3;     (ii)     the     Exploitation     of     a     Product     by     Takeda,     its Affiliates or its sublicensees on or after the Effective Date, including, for the avoidance of     doubt, any     Product     Liabilities     arising     from     the     use     on     or     after     the     Effective     Date     of     a     Licensed     [***] Product     in     the     Takeda     Field     in     the     Territory     and     any     Losses     that     may     arise     due     to     Takeda,     its Affiliates or its sublicensees continuing to Exploit a Compound or Product in its territory or     field that     is     the     subject     matter     of     a     termination     by     Ultragenyx     pursuant     to     Section     15.3;     (iii)     the Exploitation     of     any     Licensed     [***]     Product,     [***]     Product     or     Candidate     Product     by     Takeda,     its Affiliates     or     its     licensees     before     the     Effective     Date,     including,     for     the     avoidance     of     doubt,     any Product Liabilities arising from the use of a Licensed [***] Product, [***] Product or     Candidate Product     by     Takeda,     its     Affiliates     or     its     licensees     before     the     Effective     Date,     (iv)     the     breach     by Takeda of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Takeda in     this Agreement;     (iv)     the     negligence,     gross     negligence     or     willful     misconduct     (including     to     the     extent such     negligence,     gross     negligence     or     willful     misconduct     gives     rise     to     product     liability     Claims under     any     legal     theory)     of     Takeda     or     its     Affiliate     or     its     licensee     (other     than     Ultragenyx     or     its Affiliate or sublicensee), or any officer, director, employee, agent or representative     thereof; except, with respect to each of subsections (i) through (iv) above, to the extent such Losses     arise directly or indirectly from the negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of     any Ultragenyx Indemnitee or the breach by Ultragenyx of any warranty, representation, covenant     or agreement made by Ultragenyx in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following     the execution of an Exercised Product License Agreement or Option Product  License     Agreement, the terms of such license agreement shall govern the indemnification terms with respect to     such Product(s) that are the subject of such license     agreement.  

90 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

(a)   Notice.   Promptly after a Takeda Indemnitee or an Ultragenyx Indemnitee     (each, an        Indemnitee   )     receives     notice     of     a     pending     or     threatened     Claim,     such     Indemnitee     shall     give written notice of the Claim to the Party from whom the Indemnitee is entitled to     receive indemnification     pursuant     to     Sections     17.1     or     17.2,     as     applicable     (the        Indemnifying     Party   ). However, an Indemnitee s delay in providing or failure to provide such notice will not relieve     the Indemnifying     Party     of     its     indemnification     obligations,     except     to     the     extent     it     can     demonstrate prejudice due to the delay or lack of     notice.  
   
 (b)   Defense.   Upon receipt of notice under Section 17.3(a) from the Indemnitee,     the Indemnifying Party will have the duty to either compromise or defend, at its own expense and     by counsel (reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee), such Claim. The Indemnifying Party     will promptly (and in any event not more than twenty (20) days after receipt of the     Indemnitee s original notice) notify the Indemnitee in writing that it acknowledges its obligation to     indemnify the Indemnitee with respect to the Claim pursuant to this ARTICLE 17 and of its intention     either to     compromise     or     defend     such     Claim.     Once     the     Indemnifying     Party     gives     such     notice     to     the Indemnitee, the Indemnifying Party is not liable to the Indemnitee for the fees of other counsel     or any     other     expenses     subsequently     incurred     by     the     Indemnitee     in     connection     with     such     defense, other     than     the     Indemnitee s     reasonable     costs     of     investigation     and     cooperation.     However,     the Indemnitee will have the right to employ separate counsel and to control the defense of a     Claim at its own     expense.  
   
 (c)   Cooperation.   The Indemnitee will cooperate fully with the Indemnifying     Party and     its     legal     representatives     in     the     investigation     and     defense     of     any     Claim.     The     Indemnifying Party will keep the Indemnitee informed on a reasonable and timely basis as to the status of     such Claim     (to     the     extent     the     Indemnitee     is     not     participating     in     the     defense     of     such     Claim)     and conduct the defense of such Claim in a prudent     manner.  
   
 (d)   Settlement.   If an Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of a Claim,     no compromise or settlement of such Claim may be effected by the Indemnifying Party without     the Indemnitee s     written     consent     (which     consent     will     not     be     unreasonably     withheld,     conditioned     or delayed),     unless:     (i)     there     is     no     finding     or     admission     of     any     violation     of     law     or     any     violation     of the rights of any person and no effect on any other claims that may be made against     the Indemnitee; (ii) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by     the Indemnifying Party; and (iii) the Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement are not     adversely affected. If the Indemnifying Party fails to assume defense of a Claim within a reasonable     time, the Indemnitee may settle such Claim on such terms as it deems appropriate with the consent     of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned     or delayed), and the Indemnifying Party will be obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee for     such settlement as provided in this ARTICLE     17.  
   
 17.4   Insurance.   Each Party shall, at its own expense, procure and maintain during the     Term and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, insurance policy/policies, including product     liability insurance,     adequate     to     cover     its     obligations     hereunder     and     which     are     consistent     with     normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated. Such insurance shall not      be construed     to     create     a     limit     of     a     Party s     liability     with     respect     to     its     indemnification     obligations  
   
 91 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

under this ARTICLE 17. Each Party shall provide the other Party with written evidence of   such insurance or self-insurance upon request. Each Party shall provide the other Party with   prompt written notice of cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance or   self- insurance that could materially adversely affect the rights of such other Party hereunder,   and shall   provide   such   notice   within   thirty   (30)   days   after   any   such   cancellation,   non-renewal   or material   change. 
   
 17.5   Limitation of Liability.   EXCEPT FOR A PARTY S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH     IN THIS     ARTICLE     17,     AND     ANY     BREACH     OF     ARTICLE     14     (CONFIDENTIALITY)  ,     IN     NO EVENT     WILL     EITHER     PARTY     BE     LIABLE     TO     THE     OTHER     PARTY     (OR     THE     OTHER PARTY S AFFILIATES OR SUBLICENSEES)   IN   CONNECTION WITH     THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF     USE, DAMAGE TO GOODWILL, OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL,     SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES UNDER ANY     THEORY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN IF     THAT PARTY HAS BEEN PLACED ON NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH     DAMAGES.  
   
     ARTICLE 18        MISCELLANEOUS 
   
   18.1   HSR Act.  
   
 (a)   Each of Ultragenyx and Takeda shall, within ten (10) Business Days     after Execution Date, file with the United States Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of     the     United     States     Department     of     Justice,     any     HSR     Filing     required     of     it     under     the     HSR     Act with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, which forms shall specifically request     early termination of the initial HSR Act waiting period. The Parties will cooperate with one another     to the     extent     necessary     in     the     preparation     of     any     such     HSR     Filing.     The     Parties     hereto     commit     to instruct their respective counsel to cooperate with each other and use good faith, diligent     efforts to     facilitate     and     expedite     the     identification     and     resolution     of     any     such     issues     and,     consequently, the     expiration     of     the     applicable     HSR     Act     waiting     period,     such     good     faith     diligent     efforts     to include counsel s undertaking: (i) to keep each other appropriately informed of     communications received     from     and     submitted     to     personnel     of     the     reviewing     antitrust     authority;     and     (ii)     to     confer with     each     other     regarding     appropriate     contacts     with     and     response     to     personnel     of     the     United States Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department     of Justice.     Each     Party     will     be     responsible     for     its     own     costs     and     expenses     and     Ultragenyx     will     be responsible     for     all     filing     fees     associated     with     any     HSR     Filing.     In     respect     of     any     HSR     Filing, each     of     Ultragenyx     and     Takeda     will     use     its     good     faith,     diligent     efforts     to     eliminate     any     concern on the part of any court or governmental authority regarding the legality of the     proposed transaction, including cooperating in good faith with any government investigation and     the prompt     production     of     documents,     information,     and     witnesses     requested     in     the     course     of     such     of any     such     investigation,     including     those     contained     in     a     Request     for     Additional     Information     and Documentary Materials (as that term is defined in the HSR Act), and to cause the Effective     Date of     this     Agreement     to     occur     as     soon     as     practical,     as     provided     in     Section     18.1(b).     Nothing     in     this Section shall require either Party to consent to the divestiture or other disposition of any of its     or its     Affiliates      assets     or     to     consent     to     any     other     structural     or     conduct     remedy,     and     each     Party     and  
   
 92 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

its Affiliates shall have no obligation to contest, administratively or in court, any ruling, order   or other   action   of   the   United   States   Federal   Trade   Commission   and   the   Antitrust   Division   of   the United States Department of Justice or any Third Party respecting the transactions   contemplated by this   Agreement. 
   
   (b)   Except for the specific provisions expressly identified in Section 18.1(c),     this Agreement     shall     not     be     effective     until     the     (i)     the     HSR     Conditions     are     met     and     (ii)     the     earlier     of  
 (A)   the   date   on   which   the   Tax   Conditions   are   met,   or   (B)   July   18,   2016,   at   which   time   this Agreement shall be effective automatically in its entirety (such date the   Effective     Date  ). 
   
   (c)   Notwithstanding Section 18.1(b) and anything in this Agreement to the     contrary, the     following     provisions     of     this     Agreement     shall     be     in     full     force     and     effect     as     of     the     Execution Date: Sections 14.5 (Publicity) and 14.6 (Securities Filings), ARTICLE 1 (Definitions)     and ARTICLE 18 (other than Sections 18.2, 18.5 and 18.6)     (Miscellaneous).  
   
 (d)   If the Effective Date has not occurred within one hundred eighty (180)     days following     the     Execution     Date,     or     such     date     as     the     Parties     may     mutually     agree,     this     Agreement may be terminated by either Party on written notice to the     other.  

18.2   
 
    Exports and Restrictions on     Competition  .     

(a)   Exports  .     Except     as     provided     in     this     Agreement,     each     Party     shall     not,     and     shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees not to, whether directly or indirectly through a Third     Party, export, distribute or     sell:  
   
 (i)   in the case of Ultragenyx, (A) Licensed [***] Products outside     the Ultragenyx Field or outside the Territory, (B) Licensed Analog Products outside the     Licensed Field or outside the Territory, (C) Research Products unless and until an Option Product     License Agreement is executed for such Products and then only in accordance with such Option     Product License     Agreement;     provided     further     that,     if     the     Takeda     Option     has     been     exercised     for     a     given Product Ultragenyx may not export, distribute or sell such Product in the Takeda     Territory.  

Territory. 

(ii)   

In the case of Takeda, Ultragenyx Pipeline Products outside of the     Takeda     

(b)   Non-Competition Obligations  .  Ultragenyx shall not, and shall cause     its Affiliates not to, whether directly or indirectly through a Third Party (including any     sublicensee), (i) develop a Competing Product in the Territory at any time prior to the [***] of the Effective Date or (ii) commercialize a Competing Product in the Territory at any time prior to the [***] of the First Commercial Sale of a Product. Ultragenyx shall not be in breach of this Section 18.2(b) by acquiring, merging or consolidating with a Third Party which develops or commercializes a Competing Product; provided, however, that in the event Ultragenyx acquires such Competing Product, it must, unless Takeda agrees to the contrary, within [***] of such acquisition, either divest such Competing Product to a Third Party, discontinue the development or commercialization of such Competing Product, or, if applicable, terminate  
   
 93 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Product that is the subject of competition   in accordance with Section   15.4. 
   
   18.3   Notice.     Any     notice,     request,     or     other     communication     permitted     or     required     under     this Agreement shall be in writing, shall refer specifically to this Agreement and shall be     hand delivered or sent by a recognized overnight delivery service, costs prepaid, or by facsimile     (with transmission     confirmed),     to     the     following     addresses     or     to     such     other     addresses     as     a     Party     may designate by written notice in accordance with this Section     18.3:  
   
 If to   Takeda: 
   
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company   Limited 1-1, Doshomachi   4-chome, 
 Chuo-ku, Osaka   540-8645 
 Attention: Head of Global Business   Development Facsimile: (+81)   3-3278-2323 
   
 Copy   to: 
   
 Takeda Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,   Inc. One Takeda   Parkway 
 Deerfield, IL   60015 
 Attention: General Counsel, Legal   Department Facsimile:   224-554-7831 
   
 If to   Ultragenyx: 
 Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical   Inc. 60 Leveroni   Court 
 Novato, CA   94949 
 Attention: Chief Business   Officer 
   
 Copy   to: 
 Cooley   LLP 
 3175 Hanover   Street Palo Alto, CA   94304 Attention: Glen   Sato Fax:   650-849-7400 
   
 18.4   Designation of Affiliates  . Each Party may discharge any obligations and exercise     any rights hereunder through delegation of its obligations or rights to any of its  Affiliates.      Each Party     hereby     guarantees     the     performance     by     its     Affiliates     of     such     Party s     obligations     under     this Agreement,     and     shall     cause     its     Affiliates     to     comply     with     the     provisions     of     this     Agreement     in connection     with     such     performance.     Any     breach     by     a     Party s     Affiliate     of     any     of     such     Party s obligations     under     this     Agreement     shall     be     deemed     a     breach     by     such     Party,     and     the     other     Party  

94 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

may   proceed   directly   against   such   Party   without   any   obligation   to   first   proceed   against   such Party s   Affiliate. 

18.5   
 
    Change of Control of     Ultragenyx  .     

(a)   Notice  . Ultragenyx (or its successor) shall provide notice to Takeda  of     any Change     of     Control     of     Ultragenyx     within     [***]     Business     Days     after     the     date     upon     which     the Ultragenyx Change of Control closes or otherwise becomes     effective.  
   
 (b)   Effects of Change of Control of Ultragenyx  .   In   the event of a  Change     of Control of Ultragenyx, the following shall     apply:  
   
 (i)   The   Takeda Option Term   applicable     in     the     event     of     a     Change     of     Control of Ultragenyx shall     apply.  
   
   (ii)   On     or     before     the     date     that     is     one hundred eighty (180) days after the date upon which a Change of Control of Ultragenyx closes or otherwise becomes effective, Takeda may take or require that Ultragenyx, or its successor, take or perform, as applicable, any one or more of the following actions: (A) Ultragenyx and its successor shall adopt reasonable written procedures, approved by Takeda, to prevent disclosure of Takeda s Confidential Information, (B) the definition of Licensed Analog Compounds shall be amended to be limited to those Compounds listed on   Exhibit   1.99 as of the effective date of the Ultragenyx Change of Control, provided that if Ultragenyx has paid costs in connection with the Development of a Licensed Analog Compound, such Licensed Analog Compound shall be listed on   Exhibit   1.99, as amended, (C) Section 5.1 shall be amended to require Takeda s written consent in order for Ultragenyx and its successor to exercise its rights to co-Commercialize and Co-Develop thereunder to the extent Ultragenyx has not previously exercised such right(s), and (D) Takeda may terminate, in its sole discretion, one or more of the ongoing Validation Research Plans and Research Plans, in which case any associated licenses to Ultragenyx and its successor under Section 6.5 shall terminate, and any Research Products designated by Takeda shall be deemed Terminated Products; provided that to the extent that Ultragenyx has paid costs in connection with the Development of a Research Product on or before such date, such Validation Research Plan or Research Plan, as applicable, and associated licenses to Ultragenyx or its successor shall continue in full force and effect and such Research Products shall not be deemed Terminated Products under this Section 18.5(b)(ii). For clarity, termination pursuant to this Section 18.5(b)(ii) shall not terminate the Collaboration Term for any purposes under this Agreement other than the foregoing clause (D).  
   
   18.6   Force Majeure.   Both Parties shall be excused from the performance of their     obligations under this Agreement to the extent that such performance is prevented by Force Majeure and     the nonperforming Party promptly provides notice of the prevention to the other Party. Such     excuse shall be continued so long as the condition constituting Force Majeure continues and     the nonperforming Party takes reasonable efforts to remove the condition. Notwithstanding     the foregoing,     a     Party     shall     not     be     excused     from     making     payments     owed     hereunder     because     of     a Force Majeure affecting such Party. If a Force Majeure persists for more than ninety (90)     days,  
   
 95 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

then   the   Parties   will   discuss   in   good   faith   the   modification   of   the   Parties    obligations   under   this Agreement in order to mitigate the delays caused by such Force   Majeure. 
   
   18.7   Assignment.   Prior to the Effective Date, neither Party may assign or transfer     this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the     other. On or after the Effective Date, neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any     rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other; provided that no     such consent     is     required     for     (a)     assignment     to     Affiliates     or     (b)     in     connection     with     the     sale     of     all     or substantially all of the assets to which this Agreement relates, whether in a merger, sale of     stock, sale of assets or any other transaction (subject, in the case of Ultragenyx, to Section 18.5).     Any successor     or     assignee     of     rights     and/or     obligations     permitted     hereunder     shall,     in     writing     to     the other     Party,     expressly     assume     performance     of     such     rights     and/or     obligations.     Any     permitted assignment shall be binding on the successors of the assigning Party. Any assignment     or attempted     assignment     by     either     Party     in     violation     of     the     terms     of     this     Section     shall     be     null,     void and of no legal     effect.  
   
   18.8   Severability.   If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be     invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is     taken, the     provision     shall     be     considered     severed     from     this     Agreement     and     shall     not     serve     to     invalidate any remaining provisions hereof. The Parties shall make a good faith effort  to  replace     any invalid     or     unenforceable     provision     with     a     valid     and     enforceable     one     such     that     the     objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be     realized.  
   
   18.9   English     Language.     This     Agreement     shall     be     written     and     executed     in,     and     all     other communications     under     or     in     connection     with     this     Agreement,     shall     be     in     the     English     language. Any     translation     into     any     other     language     shall     not     be     an     official     version     thereof,     and     in     the     event of any conflict in interpretation between the English version and such translation, the     English version shall     control.  
   
   18.10   Waiver and Non-Exclusion of Remedies.    Any term or condition of this      Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but no such     waiver shall     be     effective     unless     set     forth     in     a     written     instrument     duly     executed     by     or     on     behalf     of     the Party waiving such term or condition. The waiver by either Party hereto of any right      hereunder or of the failure to perform or of a breach by the other Party shall not be deemed a waiver of     any other     right     hereunder     or     of     any     other     breach     or     failure     by     such     other     Party     whether     of     a     similar nature or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and do not     exclude any other right or remedy provided by Applicable Laws or otherwise available except     as expressly set forth     herein.  
   
 18.11   Further Assurance.   Each Party shall duly execute and deliver, or cause to be     duly executed     and     delivered,     such     further     instruments     and     do     and     cause     to     be     done     such     further     acts and things, including the filing of such assignments, agreements, documents, and instruments,     as may be necessary or as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with      this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes     hereof.  
   
 96 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

18.12   Relationship     of     the     Parties.     It     is     expressly     agreed     that     Takeda,     on     the     one     hand,     and Ultragenyx, on the other hand, shall be independent contractors and that the relationship     between the     two     Parties     shall     not     constitute     a     partnership,     joint     venture     or     agency.     Neither     Takeda     nor Ultragenyx shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or commitments     of any     kind,     or     to     take     any     action     which     shall     be     binding     on     the     other,     without     the     prior     written consent of the other Party to do so. All persons employed by a Party shall be employees of     that Party and not of the other Party and all costs and obligations incurred by reason of     such employment     shall     be     for     the     account     and     expense     of     such     Party.     For     clarity,     (a)     if     Takeda provides Research Support for an Ultragenyx Pipeline Product (other than Exercised Products)     or Licensed     Option     Product     (in     connection     with     an     Option     Product     License     Agreement),     Takeda shall be deemed an independent contractor in the performance of such Research Support and     (b) in no case shall Takeda provide Research Support with respect to a Licensed     Product.  
   
 18.13   Counterparts.   This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts,      each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the     same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, .pdf or other     electronically transmitted     signatures     and     such     signatures     shall     be     deemed     to     bind     each     Party     hereto     as     if     they were the original     signatures.  
   
   18.14   Construction.   Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the     singular shall     include     the     plural,     the     plural     the     singular,     and     the     use     of     any     gender     shall     be     applicable     to all genders. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number refers      to calendar days. The terms  including,   include,  or  includes  as used herein shall     mean  including, but not limited to,  and shall not limit the generality of any description     preceding such term. The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually     chosen by the Parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against either Party hereto.     Each Party represents that it has been represented   by   legal counsel in connection with this     Agreement and acknowledges that it has participated in the drafting hereof.   In   interpreting and applying     the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that no presumption will apply     against the Party which drafted such terms and     provision.  
   
   18.15   Governing Laws.   This Agreement was prepared in the English language,     which language shall govern the interpretation of, and any dispute regarding, the terms of     this Agreement.     This     Agreement     and     all     disputes     arising     out     of     or     related     to     this     Agreement     or     any breach     hereof     shall     be     governed     by     and     construed     under     the     laws     of     the     State     of     New     York, without     giving     effect     to     any     choice     of     law     principles     that     would     require     the     application     of     the laws of a different     state.  
   
   18.16   Entire     Agreement.     This     Agreement,     including     the     Exhibits     hereto,     and     the     Common Stock     Purchase     Agreement     set     forth     the     complete,     final     and     exclusive     agreement     and     all     the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions and     understandings between     the     Parties     hereto     with     respect     to     the     subject     matter     hereof     and     supersedes,     as     of     the Execution Date, all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between     the Parties     with     respect     to     the     subject     matter     hereof;     provided,     that,     until     the     Effective     Date,     the Confidentiality     Agreement     shall     continue     in     full     force     and     effect     in     accordance     with     its     terms.  
 97 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Except as provided in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, there are no   covenants, promises,   agreements,   warranties,   representations,   conditions   or   understandings,   either   oral   or written, between the Parties other than as are set forth herein and therein. No   subsequent alteration,   amendment,   change   or   addition   to   this   Agreement   shall   be   binding   upon   the   Parties unless reduced to writing and signed by an authorized officer of each Party. In the event of   any inconsistency between the body of this Agreement and the Exhibits to this Agreement,   the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, or any subsequent agreements ancillary to this   Agreement, unless otherwise expressly stated to the contrary in such Exhibit, Common Stock   Purchase Agreement or subsequent ancillary agreement, the terms contained in this Agreement   shall control. 
   
   18.17   Headings.   The headings of each Article and Section in this Agreement have     been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to limit or expand  on     the meaning of the language contained in the particular Article or     Section.  
   
 SIGNATURE PAGE   FOLLOWS 

98 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

THIS AGREEMENT is executed by the authorized representatives of the Parties as of   the Execution   Date. 

ULTRAGENYX   PHARMACEUTICAL      INC.  
 
 TAKEDA   PHARMACEUTICAL   COMPANY   LIMITED  

By        /s/ Emil Kakkis                                                      

By     /s/ Misako Hamamura                                                                                              

Name:  Emil Kakkis  
 
 Name:  Misako Hamamura  

Title:  CEO  
 
 Title:  Head of JP Strategy   BD  

{Signature Page to License   and   Collaboration   Agreement} 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.6(i) 
   
 [***] 

Chemical   Name:   [***]  
   
 Molecular Formula:    [***]  
 Molecular Weight:    [***]  
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.6(iii) 
   
 [***] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.82 
   
 Initial  [***]  Development   Plan 

Initial Development Plan     Framework  
   
 [***] 
  Estimated     Timeline  
   
 [***] 
   
  Development Activities and     Budget  
   
 [***] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.91 
 Knowledge   Group 

Ultragenyx Position     Titles  
   
 Tom Kassberg, SVP and Chief Business   Officer Shalini Sharp, SVP and Chief Financial   Officer Sunil Agarwal, SVP and Chief Medical   Officer Cori Leonard, VP,   Regulatory 
 Yael Weiss, Executive Director, Search and Evaluation, Business   Development Rob Anstey, Senior Director, Business   Development 

Takeda Position     Titles  
   
 [***] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.94 
   
 [***] 

Chemical Name:    [***]   

Molecular Formula:     [***]   

Molecular Weight:    [***]   

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.99 
 Licensed Analog   Compounds 
 [***] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.137 
 Preexisting Third Party   IP 
 [***] 
   
 [ 3 pages omitted ] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.141 
 Product   INDs 
 [***] 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.168  
 Takeda   Patents 
 Licensed  [***]    Patent 

Patent /     Publication   
 
  Priority /     Application   
 
  Inventor(s) /     Assignee(s)   
 
  Title /     Claims   
 
  Status   

[***]  
 
 [***]  
 
 [***]  
 
 [***]  
 
 [***]  

[ 2 pages omitted ] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 1.188  
 Ultragenyx   Patents 

Ultragenyx  [***]    Patents 
   
 [***] 
   
 Ultragenyx [***] Patents 

[***] 

[ 3 pages omitted ] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit   1.195 

[***] 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 6.1 
 Listed   Compounds 
 [***] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 6.3(a) 
 [***]  Research   P  lan  
 [***] 
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 6.10(b) 
   
 [***] 
   
 [ 4 pages omitted ] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 13.2(b) 
   
 [***] 
   
 [ 4 pages omitted ] 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

Exhibit 14.5 
 Form of Press   Release 

Contact Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical   Inc. Investors     Media 
 Ryan   Martins  844-758-7273  
  For Takeda Pharmaceutical Company     Limited:  Tsuyoshi Tada     Japan  tsuyoshi.tada@takeda.com  
 +81332782417 
   
 Julia Ellwanger     USA  julia.ellwanger@takeda.com  
 +1-224-554-7681 

Ultragenyx   and   Takeda   enter   into   a   Collaboration   to   Develop   and   Commercialize   Therapies   for   Rare Genetic   Diseases 
   
 Ultragenyx to license and develop one or more product candidates from   Takeda Takeda to make equity investment in Ultragenyx to fund   development 
 NOVATO, CA, June 7, 2016 and OSAKA, JAPAN, June 8, 2016    Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc.     (NASDAQ: RARE), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel products for rare and     ultra- rare genetic diseases, and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (  TSE: 4502  ), today announced     a strategic partnership to develop and commercialize therapies to treat rare genetic     diseases.  
 Ultragenyx will initially receive an exclusive license to one preclinical Takeda product candidate in a   pre- determined field of use, and will have an exclusive option to co-develop and co-commercialize   the product candidate in additional therapeutic areas. The companies have also established a   five-year research collaboration in which Ultragenyx will have the option to license up to five additional   Takeda 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

product candidates for rare diseases after the parties agree on and conduct initial validation   activities under the purview of a Joint Research   Committee. 
  This broad collaboration provides Ultragenyx with a product opportunity that is approaching   clinical- stage development as well as a potential continued source of new product candidates that will help   us   achieve our goal of bringing a new therapy into the clinic every one to two years,  said Emil D.   Kakkis, MD, PhD, Chief Executive Officer of Ultragenyx.  Takeda has an impressive early pipeline of   therapies with potential across a number of rare genetic diseases, and we are pleased that Takeda has chosen   to partner with us to bring these therapies to patients with rare diseases that have few or no   treatment options.  
 "Ultragenyx is a rapidly emerging rare disease company, led by a highly experienced and   successful management team," said Andrew Plump, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical and Scientific Officer of   Takeda.  This partnership provides Takeda access to Ultragenyx s strong patient-centric development   and regulatory capabilities in the rare disease space, and could create significant value for both companies   by   delivering important new therapies to   patients.  
 Takeda will receive an exclusive option to commercialize any licensed products resulting from   the collaboration in Asia, including Japan. In addition, Takeda receives an option to exclusively license   one Ultragenyx pipeline product in Japan. Each company will receive potential development and   sales   milestone payments and royalties on net sales of licensed products by the other   party. 
 Takeda will invest up to $65 million in Ultragenyx in two tranches, the first of which will comprise   a 
 $25million stock purchase along with a $15 million cash premium at closing. This will be followed   at Ultragenyx s option, within 12 months, by a second equity purchase of $25million with no   additional premium. A potential third equity investment by Takeda is contingent upon Ultragenyx achieving   a specific development milestone on a second asset. No additional financial details were   disclosed. 
 The completion of the transactions are subject to Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of   1976 (HSR) review and the satisfaction of other customary closing   conditions. 
   
 About   Ultragenyx 
   
 Ultragenyx is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to bringing to market   novel products for the treatment of rare and ultra-rare diseases, with a focus on serious, debilitating   genetic diseases. Founded in 2010, the company has rapidly built a diverse portfolio of product candidates   with the potential to address diseases for which the unmet medical need is high, the biology for treatment   is clear, and for which there are no approved   therapies. 
 The company is led by a management team experienced in the development and commercialization   of rare disease therapeutics. Ultragenyx s strategy is predicated upon time and cost-efficient   drug development, with the goal of delivering safe and effective therapies to patients with the   utmost urgency. 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

For more information on Ultragenyx, please visit the company s website at    www.ultragenyx.com . 
   
 About   Takeda 
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TSE: 4502) is a global, R D-driven pharmaceutical   company committed to bringing better health and a brighter future to patients by translating science into   life- changing medicines. Takeda focuses its research efforts on oncology, gastroenterology and   central nervous system therapeutic areas. It also has specific development programs in specialty   cardiovascular diseases as well as late-stage candidates for vaccines. Takeda conducts R D both internally and   with partners to stay at the leading edge of innovation.  New  innovative products, especially in   oncology, central nervous system and gastroenterology, as well as its presence in emerging markets, fuel   the growth   of   Takeda.   More   than   30,000   Takeda   employees   are   committed   to improving   quality   of   life   for patients, working with our partners in health care in more than 70 countries. For more information,   visit  http://www.takeda.com/news . 
   
 Ultragenyx Forward-Looking   Statements 
   
 Except   for   the   historical   information   contained   herein,   the   matters   set   forth   in   this   press   release, including statements regarding the potential to develop the licensed product candidate in   additional therapeutic areas, as well as the potential to develop additional rare disease targets pursuant to   the collaboration and the ability to bring new therapies to clinic, are forward-looking statements   within the   meaning   of   the   "safe   harbor"   provisions   of   the   Private   Securities   Litigation   Reform   Act   of   1995. Such   forward-looking   statements   involve   substantial   risks   and   uncertainties   that   could   cause   our development programs, future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly   from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties   include, among others, the satisfaction of the HSR requirements and the impact on the timing of the   closing, whether   any   products   will   be   successfully   developed   and   commercialized   from   the   collaboration, uncertainties inherent in the drug development process and other matters that could affect   the potential for success of the collaboration, including the sufficiency of existing cash, cash   equivalents and   short-term   investments   to   fund   operations.   Ultragenyx   undertakes   no   obligation   to   update   or   revise   any   forward-looking   statements.   For   a   further   description   of   the   risks   and   uncertainties   that could   cause   actual   results   to   differ   from   those   expressed   in   these   forward-looking   statements,   as well as risks relating to the business of the company in general, see Ultragenyx's Quarterly Report   on   Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10 2016, and its   subsequent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange   Commission. 
   
 Takeda Forward-Looking   Statements 
   
 This press release contains  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements include   all statements other than statements of historical fact, including plans, strategies and expectations   for the future, statements regarding the expected timing of filings and approvals relating to   the transaction,   the   expected   timing   of   the   completion   of   the   transaction,   the   ability   to   complete   the transaction   or   to   satisfy   the   various   closing   conditions,   future   revenues   and   profitability   from   or 
   
 CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

growth   or   any   assumptions   underlying   any   of   the   foregoing.   Statements   made   in   the   future   tense, and   words   such   as    anticipate,     expect,     project,     continue,     believe,     plan,     estimate,     pro forma,   intend,   potential,   target,   forecast,   guidance,   outlook,   seek,   assume,     will,   may,   should,  and similar expressions are intended to qualify as forward-looking   statements. Forward-looking   statements   are   based   on   estimates   and   assumptions   made   by   management   that are believed to be reasonable, though they are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict.   Investors and security holders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking   statements. 
   
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results   or   experience   to   differ   materially   from   that   expressed   or   implied   by   the   forward-looking   statements. Some   of   these   risks   and   uncertainties   include,   but   are   not   limited   to:   required   regulatory   approvals for the transaction may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all; the conditions to closing of   the transaction may not be satisfied; competitive pressures and developments; applicable laws   and regulations; the success or failure of product development programs; actions of   regulatory authorities and the timing thereof; changes in exchange rates; and claims or concerns regarding   the safety or efficacy of marketed products or product candidates in   development. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date of this   press release, and neither Ultragenyx nor Takeda undertakes any obligation to revise or update   any forward-looking   statements   to   reflect   new   information,   future   events   or   circumstances   after   the date   of   the   forward-looking   statement.   If   one   or   more   of   these   statements   is   updated   or   corrected, investors and others should not conclude that additional updates or corrections will be   made. 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
 Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to omitted portions marked  *** . 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 rare-ex311_26.htm
 EX-31.1

rare-ex311_26.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Emil D. Kakkis, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc.; and    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.     

Dated: December 9, 2016  

/s/ Emil D. Kakkis  

Emil D. Kakkis, M.D., Ph.D.  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 rare-ex312_27.htm
 EX-31.2

rare-ex312_27.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Shalini Sharp, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc.; and    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.    

Dated: December 9, 2016  

/s/ Shalini Sharp  

Shalini Sharp  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

