<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_6176_0001193125-16-764178_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4579157</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83234</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>313423</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>685691</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2119652</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1200454</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764178.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109145058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMPCO PITTSBURGH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006176
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PUMPS & PUMPING EQUIPMENT [3561]
		IRS NUMBER:				251117717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00898
		FILM NUMBER:		161983802

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		726 BELL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			CARNEGIE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-456-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		726 BELL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			CARNEGIE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCREW & BOLT CORP OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710518

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764178.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d248808d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
     Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 1-898        
    
  AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION        
        
    726 Bell Avenue, Suite 301   
  Carnegie, Pennsylvania 15106   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (412) 456-4400   
  (Registrant s telephone number)        
      Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  accelerated filer ,  large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       On November 2, 2016, 12,270,621 common shares were
outstanding.          

Table of Contents  

    AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     INDEX        
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

    PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
   AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    
   (UNAUDITED)       (in
thousands, except par value)       
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

    AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
   (UNAUDITED)       (in
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

    AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME    
   (UNAUDITED)       (in
thousands)       
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

    AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
   (UNAUDITED)       (in
thousands)       
   See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

    AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   (UNAUDITED)       (in
thousands, except claim amounts)       

1. 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements        The condensed consolidated
balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and condensed consolidated statements of cash
flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared by Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (the  Corporation ) without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of only normal and recurring
adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented, have been made .  The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the operating results expected for the full year.    Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included
in the annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted.  
  Recently Implemented Accounting Pronouncements   
 In September 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for
Measurement-Period Adjustments,  which simplifies the treatment of adjustments, identified during the measurement period, to provisional amounts recognized in connection with a business combination. The guidance requires the acquirer to record,
and disclose, the effect on earnings resulting from changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects due to changes to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed as of the acquisition date. The amended
guidance became effective for the Corporation January 1, 2016. See Note 2.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires entities to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. However, ASU 2015-03 did not address
presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. In August 2015, the FASB subsequently issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with
Line-of-Credit Arrangements , which permits an entity to defer and present debt issuance costs as an asset and amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any
outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The amended guidance became effective for the Corporation January 1, 2016. See Note 7.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments , which clarifies guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The amended guidance will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017; however,
early adoption is permitted if all provisions are adopted in the same period. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the guidance will have on the presentation of its cash flow statement. The guidance will not affect the
Corporation s financial position or liquidity.    In May 2016, April 2016, March 2016 and May 2014, the FASB issued ASUs 2016-12,
2016-10, 2016-08 and 2014-09, respectively,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provides a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The guidance establishes principles for reporting information about the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from a company s contracts with customers. It requires companies to apply a five-step model when recognizing revenue relating to the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration that the company expects to be entitled to receive for those goods and services. It also requires comprehensive disclosures regarding revenue recognition. The guidance becomes effective for the Corporation January 1,
2018. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the guidance will have on its financial position, operating results and liquidity.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which requires all income tax
effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled and will be applied on a prospective basis. The guidance also requires presentation of excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of
cash flows rather than as a financing activity, and can be applied retroactively or prospectively. The amended guidance will be effective for the Corporation January 1, 2017; however, early adoption is permitted if all provisions are adopted in
the same period. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the guidance will have on its financial position, operating results and liquidity.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet
for the rights and obligations created by all leases with a term of more than one year. Accounting by lessors will remain similar to existing generally accepted accounting principles. The guidance becomes effective for the Corporation
January 1, 2019. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the guidance will have on its financial position, operating results and liquidity.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ,
which revises the measurement of inventory at the lower of cost or market. Currently, market could be replacement cost, net realizable value, or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin. In accordance with ASU 2015-11, an
entity will measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value which is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. The
amendment does not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first out (LIFO). The guidance becomes effective for the Corporation January 1, 2017 with earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not expect the guidance will
have a significant impact on its financial position, operating results and liquidity.      

2. 
  Acquisition       On March 3, 2016, the Corporation acquired the stock of  kers AB
and certain of its affiliated companies, including  kers AB s 60% equity interest in a Chinese joint venture company (collectively,   kers ) from Altor Fund II GP Limited ( Altor ). The purchase price, after the
post-closing purchase price adjustment made in accordance with the purchase agreement during the second quarter of $3,100, approximated $74,155 and was comprised of $29,399 in cash, $22,619 in the form of three-year promissory notes, and 1,776,604
shares of common stock of the Corporation which, based on the closing price of the Corporation s common stock as of the date of closing, had a fair value of $22,137. The notes bear interest at 6.5%, compounding annually, with principal and
interest payable at maturity on March 3, 2019.    The acquisition adds roll production facilities in Sweden, the United States,
Slovenia, and China; 14 sales offices; and a service capability in the United States. It enables cast roll production in the United States, forged roll production in Europe, and a low-cost product alternative for customers.  
 Operating results of the acquired entities are included in the Forged and Cast Engineered Products segment from the date of acquisition. For
the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, net sales for  kers approximated $33,679 and $86,703, respectively, and loss before income taxes including the effects of purchase accounting approximated $4,676 and $8,696,
respectively. Acquisition-related transaction costs of $100 and $2,100 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 relating principally to the purchase of  kers and ASW Steel Inc. (Note 17) are included in selling and
administrative costs.    The Corporation s financial position as of March 31, 2016 included the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities of  kers at their provisional fair value estimates. During the second quarter, the post-closing purchase price adjustment of $3,100 was recorded as a reduction in the outstanding principal balance of the three-year promissory notes
and principally goodwill. The Corporation also recorded an increase in property, plant and equipment of $2,742 with a corresponding decrease to goodwill. During the third quarter, after completing a separate valuation of the Chinese joint venture
company, the Corporation recorded a reduction in the value of the noncontrolling interest. Additionally, certain pre-acquisition contingencies and intangible assets were adjusted based on revised fair values. These adjustments resulted in a decrease
to goodwill of $4,359 in the aggregate. None of these adjustments had a material impact on the Corporation s statements of operations for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. The resulting estimated fair value of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition is as follows:      
   The estimated fair values primarily for intangible assets, noncontrolling interest, pre-acquisition
contingencies, deferred income taxes, and goodwill are provisional amounts based, in part, on third party valuations and are expected to be finalized by December 31, 2016. Intangible assets consist of $4,429 for developed technology,
$5,881 for customer relationships, and $2,619 for trade name. The economic life of the acquired intangible assets is estimated to be 5 years for developed technology, 10 years for customer relationships, and indefinite for the trade name. Goodwill
is not amortized for book purposes  
      8  

Table of Contents  

or deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in connection with the Corporation s strategic planning process or whenever events or circumstances indicate the
carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 differs from goodwill recognized as of the acquisition date due to the effects of foreign currency
translation.    Included in current liabilities is a loan payable to the non-controlling shareholder of the Chinese joint venture company
which, with accrued interest, approximated $7,468 as of the date of acquisition. The interest rate is equal to the  benchmark lending rate  set by the People s Bank of China. Both the loan and interest were payable as of
December 31, 2015 but remain unpaid.     Pro Forma Financial Information for the  kers Acquisition (unaudited):   
 The financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Corporation and  kers on a pro forma
basis, for the period in which the acquisition occurred as though the companies had been combined as of the beginning of that period. Pro forma adjustments have been made to (1) include amortization expense on the definite-lived intangible
assets identified in the acquisition and interest expense on the notes and (2) remove debt-related expenses associated with  kers  previous debt facilities not assumed by the Corporation. The following pro forma financial information
is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the acquisition occurred at the beginning of the period presented:  

3. 
  Inventories        At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately 55%
and 60% respectively, of the inventories were valued on the LIFO method with the remaining inventories valued on the FIFO method. Inventories were comprised of the following:      

4. 
  Property, Plant and Equipment        Property, plant and equipment were comprised of the
following:      
   Land and buildings of Union Electric Steel UK Limited ( UES-UK ) equal to approximately $2,687
( 2,072) at September 30, 2016 are held as collateral by the trustees of the UES-UK defined benefit pension plan (see Note 6). Substantially all of the remaining assets are held as collateral for the Corporation s Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement (see Note 7).  
      9  

Table of Contents  

5. 
  Other Current Liabilities        Other current liabilities were comprised of the following:
     
   Included in customer-related liabilities are costs expected to be incurred with respect to product warranties.
Changes in the liability for product warranty claims consisted of the following:      

6. 
  Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits        Contributions were as follows:  
   
   In 2015, the U.S. Defined Benefit Plan was amended to freeze benefit accruals and participation in the plan for
non-union hourly and salaried participants and, effective January 1, 2016, for employees of the Union Electric Steel Carnegie Steelworkers Location. Benefits under the plan were replaced with employer contributions equaling a 3% base
contribution and a matching contribution of up to 4% to the defined contribution plan. The plan changes resulted in a curtailment loss of $1,217 for the three months ended March 31, 2015.  
 As part of the  kers acquisition, the Corporation assumed the obligations for two U.S. defined benefit pension plans, two foreign
retirement benefit plans and two other postretirement benefit plans. None of the acquired benefit plans were fully funded as of the acquisition date. In April 2016, the Corporation elected to freeze participation in one of the U.S. defined benefit
pension plans, effective June 1, 2016, and replace salary benefit accruals with employer non-elective contributions equaling 3% of compensation. The plan change resulted in a reduction in the plan liability of approximately $1,135 and an
immediate recognition of a curtailment gain of $887. Additionally, in July 2016, the Corporation notified retirees (or surviving spouses of retirees) of  kers National Roll Company that the postretirement benefits plan will be modified
effective January 1, 2017 whereby retiree health benefits for those individuals pre-Medicare eligible will be replaced with a monthly stipend. The plan change resulted in a reduction in prior service cost decreasing the plan liability by
approximately $3,959 which will be amortized against pension expense over 7.5 years versus recognized immediately.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Net periodic pension and other postretirement costs include the following components:  

7. 
  Revolving Credit and Security Agreement        In May 2016, the Corporation entered into a
new five-year Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the  Agreement ) with a syndicate of banks. The Agreement provides for a senior secured asset based revolving credit facility that replaces the Corporation s existing line of
credit and letter of credit facilities. The Agreement provides for initial borrowings not to exceed $100,000 with an option to increase the credit facility by an additional $50,000 at the request of the Corporation and with the approval of the bank.
The Agreement also includes sublimits for letters of credit, not to exceed $40,000, and European borrowings, not to exceed $25,000. In October, 2016, the Corporation amended the Agreement to provide it with additional lending capacity to its
Excluded Subsidiaries and to expand available currencies for its letters of credits.    Availability under the Agreement is based on eligible
accounts receivable, inventory and fixed assets. Amounts outstanding under the credit facility bear interest at the Corporation s option at either (1) LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.25% to 1.75% based on the quarterly
average excess availability or (2) the Base Rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.25% to 0.75% based on the quarterly average excess availability. Additionally, the Corporation is required to pay a commitment fee ranging between
0.25% and 0.375% based on the daily unused portion of the credit facility. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had utilized a portion of the credit facility for letters of credit (Note 8) and had remaining availability of approximately
$40,000. The Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and is collateralized by a first priority perfected security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. The Corporation must also
maintain a certain level of excess availability. If excess availability falls below the established threshold, or in an event of default, the Corporation will be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage of not less than 1.00 to 1.00.
   In connection with the credit facility, the Corporation paid deferred financing fees of approximately $1,000 which are being amortized
over the life of the Agreement. Unamortized deferred financing fees are included as a noncurrent asset in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet.      

8. 
  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities        Outstanding standby and commercial letters of
credit as of September 30, 2016 approximated $23,797, of which approximately half serves as collateral for the Industrial Revenue Bond ( IRB ) debt. In addition, in connection with the acquisition of  kers, the Corporation
issued two surety bonds to PRI Pensionsgaranti, guaranteeing certain obligations of  kers Sweden AB and  kers AB under a credit insurance policy relating to pension commitments. The total amount covered by the surety bonds is
approximately $4,000 (SEK 33,900).    See Note 9 for derivative instruments, Note 15 for litigation and Note 16 for environmental
matters.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

9. 
  Derivative Instruments        Certain of the Corporation s operations are subject to
risk from exchange rate fluctuations in connection with sales in foreign currencies. To minimize this risk, foreign currency sales contracts are entered into which are designated as cash flow or fair value hedges. As of September 30, 2016,
approximately $13,756 of anticipated foreign-denominated sales has been hedged which are covered by fair value contracts settling at various dates through January 2018. The fair value of assets held as collateral for the fair value contracts as of
September 30, 2016 approximated $648.    Additionally, certain of the divisions of the Air and Liquid Processing segment are subject to
risk from increases in the price of commodities (copper and aluminum) used in the production of inventory. To minimize this risk, futures contracts are entered into which are designated as cash flow hedges. At September 30, 2016, approximately
47% or $2,646 of anticipated copper purchases over the next 15 months and 56% or $402 of anticipated aluminum purchases over the next six months are hedged.  
 The Corporation previously entered into foreign currency purchase contracts to manage the volatility associated with Euro-denominated progress
payments to be made for certain machinery and equipment. As of December 31, 2010, all contracts had been settled and the underlying fixed assets were placed in service.  
 No portion of the existing cash flow or fair value hedges is considered to be ineffective, including any ineffectiveness arising from the
unlikelihood of an anticipated transaction to occur. Additionally, no amounts have been excluded from assessing the effectiveness of a hedge.  
 At September 30, 2016, the Corporation has purchase commitments covering 33% or $1,298 of anticipated natural gas usage through 2017 at
one of its subsidiaries. The commitments qualify as normal purchases and, accordingly, are not reflected on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Purchases of natural gas under previously existing commitments approximated $325 and $559 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $1,494 and $1,882 for the nine months then ended, respectively.    The Corporation
does not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes and, therefore, holds no derivative instruments for trading purposes.  
 (Losses) gains on foreign exchange transactions included in other (expense) income approximated $(385) and $18 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $263 and $(188) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    The
location and fair value of the foreign currency sales contracts recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The change in the fair value of the cash flow contracts is recorded as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive loss. The balances as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the amount recognized as and reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for each of the periods is summarized below. Amounts for 2015 are after-tax. However, the
Corporation incurred a three-year cumulative loss for the period October 1, 2013 to September 30, 2016 (Note 14). Accordingly, the amounts recognized as and reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are pre-tax. The amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2016 also include the reversal of the tax effects previously recognized for the six months ended June 30, 2016.  
   
   The change in fair value reclassified or expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings is
summarized below. All amounts are pre-tax.      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

10. 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss        Net change and ending balances for the various
components of accumulated other comprehensive loss as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized below. All amounts are net of tax, where applicable.  
   
   The following summarizes the line items affected on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for
components reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss. Amounts in parentheses represent credits to net income. There is no tax effect for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 because of the cumulative loss incurred by the Corporation
for the three year period then ended (Note 14). The tax impact for the three months ended September 30, 2016 represents the reversal of the tax effects previously recognized for the six months ended June 30, 2016.  

14  

Table of Contents  

  The income tax expense (benefit) associated with the various components of other comprehensive
income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized below. Foreign currency translation adjustments exclude the effect of income taxes since earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries are deemed to be reinvested for an
indefinite period of time.      

11. 
  Stock-Based Compensation       In May 2011, the shareholders of the Corporation approved the
adoption of the Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Predecessor Plan ) which authorized the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of the Corporation s common stock for grants of equity-based compensation. In
May 2016, the shareholders of the Corporation approved the adoption of the Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Incentive Plan ), which authorizes the issuance of up to 1,100,000 shares of the Corporation s
common stock for awards under the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan replaces the Predecessor Plan and no new awards will be granted under the Predecessor Plan. Any awards outstanding under the Predecessor Plan will remain subject to and be paid
under the Predecessor Plan, and any shares subject to outstanding awards under the Predecessor Plan that subsequently expire, terminate, or are surrendered or forfeited for any reason without issuance of shares will automatically become available
for issuance under the Incentive Plan.    Awards under the Incentive Plan may include incentive non-qualified stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted shares and restricted stock units, performance awards, other stock-based awards or short-term cash incentive awards. If any award is canceled, terminates, expires or lapses for any reason prior to the issuance of
shares, or if shares are issued under the Incentive Plan and thereafter are forfeited to the Corporation, the shares subject to such awards and the forfeited shares will not count against the aggregate number of shares available under the Incentive
Plan. Shares tendered or withheld to pay the option exercise price or tax withholding will continue to count against the aggregate number of shares of common stock available for grant under the Incentive Plan. Any shares repurchased by the
Corporation with cash proceeds from the exercise of options will not be added back to the pool of shares available for grant under the Incentive Plan.  
 The Incentive Plan may be administered by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation
Committee has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the Incentive Plan, the individuals to whom the awards will be granted and the nature, amount and terms of such awards.  
 The Incentive Plan also provides for equity-based awards during any one year to non-employee members of the Board of Directors, based on the
grant date fair value, not to exceed $200. The limit does not apply to shares received by a non-employee director at his or her election in lieu of all or a portion of the director s retainer for board service. In May 2016, 32,090 shares of the
Corporation s common stock were granted to the non-employee directors.    Stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 equaled $444 and $375, respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods was approximately $155 and $131, respectively. Stock-based
compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 equaled $1,647 and $953, respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods was
approximately $576 and $333, respectively.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

The Corporation s financial assets and liabilities that are reported
at fair value in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
   The investments held as other noncurrent assets represent assets held in a  Rabbi  trust for the
purpose of providing benefits under a non-qualified defined benefit pension plan. The fair value of the investments is based on quoted prices of the investments in active markets. The fair value of foreign currency exchange contracts is determined
based on the fair value of similar contracts with similar terms and remaining maturities. The fair value of futures contracts is based on market quotations. The fair value of the variable-rate IRB debt approximates its carrying value. Additionally,
the fair value of trade receivables and trade payables approximates their carrying value.      
   Presented below are the net sales and (loss) income before income
taxes for the Corporation s two business segments.      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

The Corporation assesses available positive and negative evidence to
estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of existing deferred income tax assets. The Corporation has incurred three years of cumulative losses, inclusive of the acquired  kers businesses as if the
businesses were held during the entire three-year period. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as projections for future growth and profitability.  
 On the basis of this evaluation, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation established valuation
allowances of $26,903 and $28,322, respectively, to recognize the estimated portion of deferred income tax assets that is more likely than not to be realized.      

15. 
  Litigation (claims not in thousands)        The Corporation and its subsidiaries are involved
in various claims and lawsuits incidental to their businesses and are also subject to asbestos litigation as described below.     Asbestos
Litigation     Claims have been asserted alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos-containing components historically used in
some products of predecessors of Air   Liquid Systems Corporation ( Air   Liquid ), a subsidiary of the Corporation ( Asbestos Liability ). Air   Liquid and, in some cases, the Corporation are
defendants (among numerous defendants, often in excess of 50) in cases filed in various state and federal courts.     Asbestos Claims
    The following table reflects approximate information about the claims for Asbestos Liability against Air   Liquid and the
Corporation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

(1)  
  Included as  open claims  are approximately 415 and 431 claims as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, classified in various jurisdictions as  inactive  or transferred to a state or
federal judicial panel on multi-district litigation, commonly referred to as the MDL.       A substantial majority of the
settlement and defense costs reflected in the above table was reported and paid by insurers. Because claims are often filed and can be settled or dismissed in large groups, the amount and timing of settlements, as well as the number of open claims,
can fluctuate significantly from period to period.     Asbestos Insurance   
 The Corporation and Air   Liquid are parties to a series of settlement agreements ( Settlement Agreements ) with insurers
that have coverage obligations for Asbestos Liability (the  Settling Insurers ). Under the Settlement Agreements, the Settling Insurers accept financial responsibility, subject to the terms and conditions of the respective agreements,
including overall coverage limits, for pending and future claims for Asbestos Liability. The Settlement Agreements encompass the substantial majority of insurance policies that provide coverage for claims for Asbestos Liability.  
 The Settlement Agreements include acknowledgements that Howden North America, Inc. ( Howden ) is entitled to coverage under policies
covering Asbestos Liability for claims arising out of the historical products manufactured or distributed by Buffalo Forge Company, a former subsidiary of the Corporation (the  Products ). The Settlement Agreements do not provide for any
prioritization on access to the applicable policies or any sublimits of liability as to Howden or the Corporation and Air    
      17  

Table of Contents  

Liquid, and, accordingly, Howden may access the coverage afforded by the Settling Insurers for any covered claim arising out of a Product. In general, access by Howden to the coverage afforded by
the Settling Insurers for the Products will erode coverage under the Settlement Agreements available to the Corporation and Air   Liquid for Asbestos Liability.  
 On February 24, 2011, the Corporation and Air   Liquid filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Western
District of Pennsylvania against thirteen domestic insurance companies, certain underwriters at Lloyd s, London and certain London market insurance companies, and Howden. The lawsuit seeks a declaratory judgment regarding the respective rights
and obligations of the parties under excess insurance policies that were issued to the Corporation from 1981 through 1984 as respects claims against the Corporation and its subsidiary for Asbestos Liability and as respects asbestos bodily-injury
claims against Howden arising from the Products. The Corporation and Air   Liquid have reached Settlement Agreements with all but two of the defendant insurers in the coverage action. Those Settlement Agreements specify the terms and
conditions upon which the insurer parties are to contribute to defense and indemnity costs for claims for Asbestos Liability. One of the Settlement Agreements entered into by the Corporation and Air   Liquid also provided for the dismissal
of claims, without prejudice, regarding two upper-level excess policies issued by one of the insurers. The Court has entered Orders dismissing all claims in the action filed against each other by the Corporation and Air   Liquid, on the one
hand, and by the settling insurers, on the other. Howden also reached an agreement with eight domestic insurers addressing asbestos-related bodily injury claims arising from the Products, and claims as to those insurers and Howden have been
dismissed. Various counterclaims, cross claims and third party claims have been filed in the litigation and remain pending although only two domestic insurers and Howden remain in the litigation as to the Corporation and Air   Liquid. On
September 27, 2013, the Court issued a memorandum opinion and order granting in part and denying in part cross motions for summary judgment filed by the Corporation and Air   Liquid, Howden, and the insurer parties still in the
litigation. On February 26, 2015, the Court issued final judgment. One insurer filed a notice of appeal from the judgment to the U.S. Court of Appeals to the Third Circuit; as a result, several other insurers, Howden, the Corporation, and
Air   Liquid filed notices of case appeal. The appeals are presently pending, and the parties have been involved in a mediation through the Third Circuit s mediator s office.  
  Asbestos Valuations     In
2006, the Corporation retained Hamilton, Rabinovitz   Associates, Inc. ( HR A ), a nationally recognized expert in the valuation of asbestos liabilities, to assist the Corporation in estimating the potential liability for
pending and unasserted future claims for Asbestos Liability. HR A was not requested to estimate asbestos claims against the inactive subsidiary in dissolution, which the Corporation believes are immaterial. Based on this analysis, the
Corporation recorded a reserve for Asbestos Liability claims pending or projected to be asserted through 2013 as of December 31, 2006. HR A s analysis has been periodically updated since that time. Most recently, the HR A analysis
was updated in 2014, and additional reserves were established by the Corporation as of December 31, 2014 for Asbestos Liability claims pending or projected to be asserted through 2024. The methodology used by HR A in its projection in 2014
of the operating subsidiaries  liability for pending and unasserted potential future claims for Asbestos Liability, which is substantially the same as the methodology employed by HR A in prior estimates, relied upon and included the
following factors:      

HR A s interpretation of a widely accepted forecast of the population likely to have been exposed to asbestos;        

epidemiological studies estimating the number of people likely to develop asbestos-related diseases;        

HR A s analysis of the number of people likely to file an asbestos-related injury claim against the subsidiaries and the Corporation based on such epidemiological data and relevant claims history from
January 1, 2012 to December 8, 2014;        

an analysis of pending cases, by type of injury claimed and jurisdiction where the claim is filed;        

an analysis of claims resolution history from January 1, 2012 to December 8, 2014 to determine the average settlement value of claims, by type of injury claimed and jurisdiction of filing; and

an adjustment for inflation in the future average settlement value of claims, at an annual inflation rate based on the Congressional Budget Office s ten year forecast of inflation.    
 Using this information, HR A estimated in 2014 the number of future claims for Asbestos Liability that would be filed through the year
2024, as well as the settlement or indemnity costs that would be incurred to resolve both pending and future unasserted claims through 2024. This methodology has been accepted by numerous courts.  
 In conjunction with developing the aggregate liability estimate referenced above, the Corporation also developed an estimate of probable
insurance recoveries for its Asbestos Liabilities. In developing the estimate, the Corporation considered HR A s projection for settlement or indemnity costs for Asbestos Liability and management s projection of associated defense
costs (based on the current defense to indemnity cost ratio), as well as a number of additional factors. These additional factors included the Settlement Agreements then in effect, policy exclusions, policy limits, policy provisions regarding
coverage for defense costs, attachment points, prior impairment of policies and gaps in the coverage, policy exhaustions, insolvencies among certain of the insurance carriers, and the nature of the underlying claims for Asbestos Liability asserted
against the subsidiaries and the  
      18  

Table of Contents  

Corporation as reflected in the Corporation s asbestos claims database, as well as estimated erosion of insurance limits on account of claims against Howden arising out of the Products. In
addition to consulting with the Corporation s outside legal counsel on these insurance matters, the Corporation consulted with a nationally-recognized insurance consulting firm it retained to assist the Corporation with certain policy
allocation matters that also are among the several factors considered by the Corporation when analyzing potential recoveries from relevant historical insurance for Asbestos Liabilities. Based upon all of the factors considered by the Corporation,
and taking into account the Corporation s analysis of publicly available information regarding the credit-worthiness of various insurers, the Corporation estimated the probable insurance recoveries for Asbestos Liability and defense costs
through 2024. Although the Corporation believes that the assumptions employed in the insurance valuation were reasonable and previously consulted with its outside legal counsel and insurance consultant regarding those assumptions, there are other
assumptions that could have been employed that would have resulted in materially lower insurance recovery projections.    Based on the
analyses described above, the Corporation s reserve at December 31, 2014 for the total costs, including defense costs, for Asbestos Liability claims pending or projected to be asserted through 2024 was $189,048 of which approximately 64%
was attributable to settlement costs for unasserted claims projected to be filed through 2024 and future defense costs. The reserve at September 30, 2016 was $156,087. While it is reasonably possible that the Corporation will incur additional
charges for Asbestos Liability and defense costs in excess of the amounts currently reserved, the Corporation believes that there is too much uncertainty to provide for reasonable estimation of the number of future claims, the nature of such claims
and the cost to resolve them beyond 2024. Accordingly, no reserve has been recorded for any costs that may be incurred after 2024.    The
Corporation s receivable at December 31, 2014 for insurance recoveries attributable to the claims for which the Corporation s Asbestos Liability reserve has been established, including the portion of incurred defense costs covered by
the Settlement Agreements in effect through December 31, 2014, and the probable payments and reimbursements relating to the estimated indemnity and defense costs for pending and unasserted future Asbestos Liability claims, was $140,651
($114,945 at September 30, 2016).    The following table summarizes activity relating to insurance recoveries.  
   
   The insurance receivable recorded by the Corporation does not assume any recovery from insolvent carriers and a
substantial majority of the insurance recoveries deemed probable was from insurance companies rated A   (excellent) or better by A.M. Best Corporation. There can be no assurance, however, that there will not be further insolvencies among the
relevant insurance carriers, or that the assumed percentage recoveries for certain carriers will prove correct. The difference between insurance recoveries and projected costs is not due to exhaustion of all insurance coverage for Asbestos
Liability. The Corporation and the subsidiaries have substantial additional insurance coverage which the Corporation expects to be available for Asbestos Liability claims and defense costs that the subsidiaries and it may incur after 2024. However,
this insurance coverage also can be expected to have gaps creating significant shortfalls of insurance recoveries as against claims expense, which could be material in future years.  
 The amounts recorded by the Corporation for Asbestos Liabilities and insurance receivables rely on assumptions that are based on currently
known facts and strategy. The Corporation s actual expenses or insurance recoveries could be significantly higher or lower than those recorded if assumptions used in the Corporation s or HR A s calculations vary significantly from
actual results. Key variables in these assumptions are identified above and include the number and type of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of each such new claim, average annual defense costs, compliance by relevant
parties with the terms of the Settlement Agreements, the resolution of remaining coverage issues with insurance carriers, and the solvency risk with respect to the relevant insurance carriers. Other factors that may affect the Corporation s
Asbestos Liability and ability to recover under its insurance policies include uncertainties surrounding the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, reforms that may be made by state and federal courts, and the
passage of state or federal tort reform legislation.    The Corporation intends to evaluate its estimated Asbestos Liability and related
insurance receivables as well as the underlying assumptions on a regular basis to determine whether any adjustments to the estimates are required. Due to the uncertainties surrounding asbestos litigation and insurance, these regular reviews may
result in the Corporation incurring future charges; however, the Corporation is currently unable to estimate such future charges. Adjustments, if any, to the Corporation s estimate of its recorded Asbestos Liability and/or insurance receivables
could be material to operating results for the periods in which the adjustments to the liability or receivable are recorded, and to the Corporation s liquidity and consolidated financial position.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

16. 
  Environmental Matters       The Corporation is currently performing certain remedial actions
in connection with the sale of real estate previously owned. Environmental exposures are difficult to assess and estimate for numerous reasons including lack of reliable data, the multiplicity of possible solutions, the years of remedial and
monitoring activity required, and identification of new sites. In the opinion of management and in consideration of advice from the Corporation s consultants, the potential liability for all environmental proceedings of approximately $270
recorded at September 30, 2016 is considered adequate based on information known to date.      
   On November 1, 2016, Ampco UES Sub Inc., an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Corporation, acquired ASW Steel Inc. ( ASW ) from CK Pearl Fund Ltd., CK Pearl Fund LP and White Oak Strategic Master Fund, L.P. The total purchase price approximated $13,116, consisting of $3,500 in cash and $9,616 in
the assumption of outstanding indebtedness. ASW is a specialty steel producer based in Welland, Ontario, Canada and will be part of the Forged and Cast Engineered Products segment.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

      ITEM 2   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
       FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  Executive Overview     Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation and its
subsidiaries (the  Corporation ) manufacture and sell highly engineered, high performance specialty metal products and customized equipment utilized by industry throughout the world. We operate in two business segments   the Forged
and Cast Engineered Products segment and the Air and Liquid Processing segment.    The Forged and Cast Engineered Products segment historically consisted of
Union Electric Steel Corporation ( Union Electric Steel  or  UES ) and Union Electric Steel UK Limited ( UES-UK ). On March 3, 2016, UES acquired the stock of  kers AB and certain of its affiliated companies,
including  kers AB s 60% equity interest in a Chinese joint venture company (collectively,   kers ) from Altor Fund II GP Limited. Doing business as Union Electric  kers, the segment now has operations in the United
States, England, Sweden and Slovenia and an equity interest in three joint venture companies in China. The companies produce ingot and forged products and cast products that service a wide variety of industries globally. They specialize in the
production of forged hardened steel rolls used mainly for cold rolling by producers of steel, aluminum and other metals and cast rolls for hot and cold strip mills, medium/heavy section mills and plate mills in a variety of iron and steel qualities.
In addition, UES produces ingot and open-die forged products ( other forging products ) which are used in the gas and oil industry and the aluminum and plastic extrusion industries and provides a service capability in the United
States. The group primarily competes with European, Asian and North and South American companies in both domestic and foreign markets and distributes a significant portion of its products through sales offices located throughout the world.  
 On November 1, 2016, Ampco UES Sub, Inc., a subsidiary of UES, acquired the stock of ASW Steel Inc. ( ASW ) from CK Pearl Fund Ltd., CK Pearl
Fund LP and White Oak Strategic Master Fund, L.P. The total purchase price approximated $13,116, consisting of $3,500 in cash and $9,616 in the assumption of outstanding indebtedness. ASW is a specialty steel producer based in Welland, Ontario,
Canada and had sales of approximately CAD 65,000 in 2015. It will be a part of the Forged and Cast Engineered Products segment and will support our diversification efforts in the open-die forging market. Future consolidated financial statements of
the Corporation will include the results of operations of ASW from the date of acquisition.    The Forged and Cast Engineered Products segment has been
operating at levels significantly below capacity due to an overall reduction in global demand for roll product. Market conditions in the United States, Europe and other world regions remain difficult due to weaknesses in our customer base which is
suffering from excess steelmaking capacity and an over-supply of rolls worldwide. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies has further hampered opportunity. With the global steelmaking industry operating well below
capacity, customer emphasis has been on roll cost versus performance. Accordingly, pricing has suffered and profit margins have decreased. While demand for rolls remains weak, pricing has begun to stabilize. The pricing of steel coils has rebounded
during the third quarter and many of our customers have announced improved ongoing results which should result in improved roll pricing for us in the future. While currently representing a minor portion of the segment s business activity,
ongoing efforts to diversify our customer base have resulted in expansion of our other forging products. Although being affected by weak demand as a result of the falloff in crude oil pricing, sales of other forging products have offset some of the
effects of current roll market constraints through utilization of available production capacity.    Union Electric Steel MG Roll Co., Ltd
( UES-MG ), the Chinese joint venture company in which a subsidiary of UES holds a 49% interest, principally manufactures and sells forged backup rolling mill rolls of a size and weight currently not able to be produced by UES. Similar to
UES, the joint venture has been impacted by the global economy, resulting in significantly depressed pricing and reduced demand from its potential customer base in China. Additionally, the overall financial strength of the joint venture remains weak
with a significant reliance on the 51% partner or entities controlled by the 51% partner to provide financing and working capital. We will continue to monitor the carrying value of this investment ($1,475 at September 30, 2016) to determine if
future charges are necessary.    The Air and Liquid Processing segment includes Aerofin, Buffalo Air Handling and Buffalo Pumps, all divisions of
Air   Liquid Systems Corporation ( Air and Liquid ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation. Aerofin produces custom-engineered finned tube heat exchanger coils and related heat transfer products for a variety of industries
including OEM/Commercial, fossil fuel, nuclear power generation and industrial process. Buffalo Air Handling produces large custom-designed air handling systems for institutional (e.g., hospital, university), pharmaceutical and general industrial
building markets. Buffalo Pumps manufactures centrifugal pumps for the fossil fuel power generation, marine defense and industrial refrigeration industries. The segment has operations in Virginia and New York with headquarters in Carnegie,
Pennsylvania. The segment distributes a significant portion of its products through a common independent group of sales offices located throughout the United States and Canada.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  For the Air and Liquid Processing segment, business activity in the specialty centrifugal pump industry continues
to be strong while a decline in the fossil-fueled power generation market and industrial markets is negatively affecting our heat exchanger business. The downturn in the fossil-fueled power generation market is due to a falloff in spending for
coal-fired power plants while the industrial markets are being impacted by lower spending in the industrial replacement market and increased competition. The market for custom air handling systems has improved; however, competitive pricing pressures
continue. The focus for this segment is to grow revenues, increase margins, strengthen engineering and manufacturing capabilities, and enhance the sales and marketing approach.  
  Consolidated Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Net sales  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $82,861 and $58,094 and $239,740 and $183,154 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Backlog approximated $260,445 at September 30, 2016 versus $141,825 as of December 31, 2015 and $143,118 as of September 30, 2015. A discussion of sales and backlog for the
Corporation s two segments is included below.     Costs of products sold, excluding depreciation and amortization , as a percentage of net sales
approximated 81.2% and 83.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease is due to a number of factors including product mix, actions taken to reduce employee benefit costs for pensions and other
post-employment benefits, and lower headcount from a year ago. Costs of products sold, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of net sales, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximated 81.7% and 81.3%,
respectively.     Selling and administrative  expenses totaled $15,045 (18.2% of net sales) and $43,740 (18.2% of net sales) for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $8,743 (15.0% of net sales) and $27,314 (14.9% of net sales) for the same periods of the prior year. The increase is attributable primarily to (1) selling and administrative costs
of  kers which approximated $4,504 and $11,477 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, (2) restructuring charges of approximately $1,300 associated with reductions in force during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, and (3) transaction and other costs resulting from acquisitions of $100 and $2,100 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Depreciation and amortization  includes depreciation and amortization of intangibles for the  kers-related businesses from the date of acquisition
which approximated $2,441 and $5,515 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.     Loss from operations  approximated
$4,941 and $2,357 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $14,760 and $2,661 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. A discussion of operating results for the Corporation s two segments
is included below.     Forged and Cast Engineered Products . Net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
significantly when compared to the same periods of the prior year. The March 3, 2016 acquisition of the  kers businesses added sales of approximately $33,679 and $86,703, respectively, offset in part by a decline in cast roll sales for
our U.K. operations of approximately $5,800 and $16,000 and other forged engineered product to the fracking industry of $1,577 and $10,877 for the same periods. Lower exchange rates reduced translated sales for our U.K. operations by approximately
$1,500 for nine months ended September 30, 2016 but did not have a significant impact on sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were less than the same periods of the prior year. Operating losses of
 kers approximated $2,200 and $7,600 for the quarter and year-to-date period, respectively, and include costs associated with a reduction in force and unfavorable effects of purchase accounting of approximately $900 and $5,400 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The balance of the restructuring costs of $400 were incurred at our U.K. operations associated with a reduction in force completed during the quarter. Additionally, operating results for
the current quarter and year to date were impacted by a decline in the volume of shipments and weaker pricing for our U.K cast roll operations and other forged engineered products to the fracking industry.  
 Backlog approximated $219,280 at September 30, 2016 against $106,582 as of December 31, 2015 and $101,249 as of September 30, 2015. Backlog for
 kers approximated $110,000 as of September 30, 2016. Backlog for the legacy forged roll operations improved slightly when compared to year end and a year ago while, backlog for the cast roll business fell principally due to lower demand,
weaker pricing and lower exchange rates. Approximately $137,000 of the current backlog is expected to ship after 2016.     Air and Liquid Processing .
Net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased approximately 9% and 4%, respectively, from the comparable prior year periods principally due to lower heat exchanger coil shipments to the coal-fired power generation
market. Operating income for the quarter declined slightly on the lower volumes; but, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was comparable to the prior year period with the drop in sales volume being offset by higher margins resulting
from productivity and sales mix improvements. For heat exchanger coils, net sales fell by approximately 22% for the quarter and 17% year  
      22  

Table of Contents  

over year. For air handling units, net sales decreased during the quarter however exceed the prior year level by approximately 7% due to a higher volume of shipments. For pumps, net sales
increased approximately 15% for the quarter which was sufficient to recover the shortfall during the first half of the year and bring year-to-date sales in line with the prior year period. The improvement in pump sales is due to a higher volume of
shipments to U.S. Navy shipbuilders. Backlog approximated $41,165 at September 30, 2016 against $35,243 as of December 31, 2015 and $41,869 as of September 30, 2015. Approximately one half of the backlog will ship after 2016.  
  Investment-related income  includes a dividend from the Corporation s U.K./Chinese cast roll joint venture company of almost $400 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016.     Interest expense  increased for the current year periods when compared to the prior year principally as a
result of interest on the (1) notes issued in connection with the purchase of  kers, (2) the loan payable to the non-controlling shareholder of the  kers Chinese joint venture, and (3) the unused portion of the revolving
credit facility. Interest expense for these three items totaled $518 and $1,168 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
  Other (expense) income, net  fluctuated primarily as a result of movement in foreign exchange gains and losses. During the quarter, the U.S. dollar
strengthened and the British pound sterling continued to fall. Accordingly, foreign exchange losses were incurred during the quarter compared to foreign exchange gains a year ago. However, on a year-to-date basis, the Corporation continues to
benefit from foreign exchange gains in comparison to foreign exchange losses in the prior year.     Income tax (provision) benefit  for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes valuation allowances against certain of the Corporation s deferred income tax assets. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, the Corporation assessed available positive and negative
evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income would be generated to permit use of the existing deferred income tax assets. The Corporation incurred three years of cumulative losses, inclusive of the acquired  kers businesses as
if the businesses were held during the entire three-year period. This objective evidence limited the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as projections for future growth and profitability. On the basis of this evaluation, during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation established valuation allowances of $26,903 and $28,322, respectively, to recognize the estimated portion of deferred income tax assets that is more likely than not to be realized.
    Net loss and loss per common share  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 equaled $27,382 or $2.23 per common share and
$1,511 or $0.14 per common share and $36,758 or $3.10 per common share and $1,959 or $0.19 per common share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The previously mentioned valuation allowances established against
certain of the deferred income tax assets of $26,903 and $28,322 increased the net loss per common share by $2.19 and $2.39, respectively.     Liquidity
and Capital Resources     Net cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decline is principally associated with higher losses incurred from operations and a reduction in accounts payable principally for the  kers entities.  
 Net cash flows used in investing activities represent primarily the cash portion for the acquisition of  kers, net of cash acquired. Capital
expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were less than the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and related primarily to lower spend for the Forged and Cast Engineered Products segment. As of September 30, 2016,
commitments for future capital expenditures approximated $5,300 which is expected to be spent over the next 6 to 12 months.    Net cash flows used in
financing activities were comparable for each of the quarters and represented primarily payment of dividends. The dividend rate was $0.18 per common share, reduced to $0.09 per common share effective with the March 2016 dividend declaration. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation incurred debt issuance costs associated with its new five-year Revolving Credit and Security Agreement.  
 As a result of the above, cash and cash equivalents decreased $51,597 in 2016 and ended the period at $43,525 (of which approximately $14,193 was held by
foreign operations) in comparison to $95,122 at December 31, 2015 (of which approximately $10,785 was held by foreign operations). Repatriation of foreign funds may result in the Corporation accruing and paying additional income tax; however,
the majority of such amounts are currently deemed to be permanently reinvested and no additional provision for income tax has been made.    Funds on hand
and funds generated from future operations are expected to be sufficient to finance the operational and capital expenditure requirements of the Corporation. Additionally, the Corporation has availability of approximately $40,000 under its revolving
credit facility as of September 30, 2016.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Litigation and Environmental Matters   
 See Notes 15 and 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  Critical Accounting Policies     The Corporation s
critical accounting policies, as summarized in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, remain unchanged.     Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements     See Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  Forward-Looking Statements     The Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  Act ) provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and other sections of the
Form 10-Q as well as the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. All statements in this document
other than statements of historical fact are statements that are, or could be, deemed  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Act. In this document, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings,
cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets, guidance or goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as  may,   intend, 
 believe,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,   forecast  and other terms of similar meaning that indicate future events and trends are also generally intended to identify
forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made, are not guarantees of future performance or expectations, and involve risks and uncertainties. For us, these risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of Part II of this Form 10-Q. In addition, there may be events in the future that we are not able to predict accurately or control which may cause actual results to
differ materially from expectations expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we assume no obligation, and disclaim any obligation, to update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new
information, events or otherwise.        ITEM 3   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK      There were no material changes in the Corporation s exposure to market risk from December 31, 2015.  
     ITEM 4   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

(a) 
  Disclosure controls and procedures . An evaluation of the effectiveness of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report was carried out under the
supervision, and with the participation, of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules as
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that
evaluation, the Corporation s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.

(c) 
  Changes in Internal Control.  Except as described below, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d)
of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. On
March 3, 2016, we acquired  kers and are in the process of integrating  kers into our overall internal control over financial reporting process.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

      PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    
   AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION       
 Item 1  Legal Proceedings      The information contained in Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements
(Litigation) is incorporated herein by reference.      Item 1A  Risk Factors    
 There are no material changes to the Risk Factors contained in Item 1A to Part I of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015.    Items 2-5 None  
   Item 6  Exhibits        

(10) 
    
 Material Contracts  

(10.1) 
    
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2016, by and among the Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain lenders, the guarantors, and the other agents
party thereto, incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2016.  

(10.2) 
    
 Purchase Agreement, dated November 1, 2016, by and among Ampco UES Sub, Inc., ASW Steel Inc., CK Pearl Fund, Ltd., CK Pearl Fund LP, and White Oak Strategic Master Fund, L.P., incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November
4, 2016.  

(31.1) 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(31.2) 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(32.1) 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(32.2) 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

(101) 
    
 Interactive Data File (XBRL)  
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION  

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
 /s/ John S. Stanik  

John S. Stanik  

Director and Chief Executive Officer  

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
 /s/ Michael G. McAuley  

Michael G. McAuley  

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

    AMPCO-PITTSBURGH CORPORATION    
     EXHIBIT INDEX        

Exhibit 
   
 (10) 
   
 Material Contracts  

(10.1) 
   
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2016, by and among the Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain lenders, the guarantors, and the other agents
party thereto, incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2016.  

(10.2) 
   
 Purchase Agreement, dated November 1, 2016, by and among Ampco UES Sub, Inc., ASW Steel Inc., CK Pearl Fund, Ltd., CK Pearl Fund LP, and White Oak Strategic Master Fund, L.P., incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November
4, 2016.  

(31.1) 
   
   Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

(31.2) 
   
   Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

(32.1) 
   
   Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

(32.2) 
   
   Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

(101) 
   
   Interactive Data File (XBRL)   
 
      27  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d248808dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, John S. Stanik, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ John S. Stanik  
 
 John S. Stanik  
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d248808dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Michael G. McAuley, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Michael G. McAuley  
 
 Michael G. McAuley  
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d248808dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.    

/s/ John S. Stanik  
 
 John S. Stanik  
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d248808dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.    

/s/ Michael G. McAuley  
 
 Michael G. McAuley  
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ap-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ap-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ap-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ap-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ap-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ap-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

