<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_866374_0000866374-16-000007_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11922411</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>234333</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>497679</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4524528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5101922</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1329172</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000866374-16-000007.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028180938
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000866374-16-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLEX LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866374
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			U0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23354
		FILM NUMBER:		161959697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CHANGI SOUTH LANE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			486123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(65) 6876-9899

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CHANGI SOUTH LANE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			486123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940318

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLEX HOLDINGS PTE LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000866374-16-000007.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 flex-930201610xq.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  Form 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 
    
                QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  Or 
    
                  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from                   to                   
    
  Commission file number 0-23354 
    
  FLEX LTD. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Singapore 
      
    Not Applicable 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

2 Changi South Lane, 

Singapore 
      
    486123 
      (Address of registrant s principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
  (65) 6876-9899 
    
  FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD. 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No     
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

FLEX LTD. 
    
  INDEX 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
    4 
        
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)  September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited)   Three-Month and Six-Month Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
    6 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)   Three-Month and Six-Month Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
    7 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   Six-Month Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015  
    8 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    9 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    34 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    43 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    43 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    43 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    43 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    44 
       Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    45 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    45 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    45 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    45 
       Signatures  
      
    46 

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  Flex Ltd.    
  Singapore 
    
  We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of Flex Ltd., formerly Flextronics International Ltd., and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016, and the related condensed consolidated statements of operations and of comprehensive income for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015 and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the six-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015. These interim financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. 
    
  We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 
    
  Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to such condensed consolidated interim financial statements for them to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
    
  We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of Flex Ltd. and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated May 20, 2016, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.  

4 

Table of Contents  

FLEX LTD. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

FLEX LTD. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

FLEX LTD. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

FLEX LTD. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

8 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1.  ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
    
  Organization of the Company 
    
  Flex Ltd.  , formerly Flextronics International Ltd., ("Flex", or the "Company") was incorporated in the Republic of Singapore in May 1990. The Company's operations have expanded over the years through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The Company is a globally-recognized leading provider of innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain services and solutions that span   from sketch to scale   tm   ; from conceptual sketch to full-scale production. The Company designs, builds, ships and services complete packaged consumer electronics and industrial products for original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), through its activities in the following segments: High Reliability Solutions ("HRS"), which is comprised of its medical business including consumer health, digital health, disposables, drug delivery, diagnostics, life sciences and imaging equipment; automotive business, including vehicle electronics, connectivity, and clean technologies; and defense and aerospace businesses, focused on commercial aviation, defense and military; Consumer Technologies Group ("CTG"), which includes its mobile devices business, including smart phones; consumer electronics business, including connected living, wearable electronics including digital sport, game consoles, and connectivity devices; and high-volume computing business, including various supply chain solutions for notebook personal computers ("PC"), tablets, and printers; in addition, CTG group is expanding its business relationships to include supply chain optimization for non-electronics products such as shoes and clothing; Industrial and Emerging Industries ("IEI"), which is comprised of semiconductor and capital equipment, office solutions, household industrial and lifestyle, industrial automation and kiosks, energy and metering, and lighting; and Communications   Enterprise Compute ("CEC"), includes radio access base stations, remote radio heads, and small cells for wireless infrastructure; optical, routing, broadcasting, and switching products for the data and video networks; server and storage platforms for both enterprise and cloud-based deployments; next generation storage and security appliance products; and rack level solutions, converged infrastructure and software-defined product solutions. The Company's strategy is to provide customers with a full range of cost competitive, vertically integrated global supply chain solutions through which the Company can design, build, ship and service a complete packaged product for its OEM customers. This enables the Company's OEM customers to leverage the Company's supply chain solutions to meet their product requirements throughout the entire product life cycle. 
    
          The Company's service offerings include a comprehensive range of value-added design and engineering services that are tailored to the various markets and needs of its customers. Other focused service offerings relate to manufacturing (including enclosures, metals, plastic injection molding, precision plastics, machining, and mechanicals), system integration and assembly and test services, materials procurement, inventory management, logistics and after-sales services (including product repair, warranty services, re-manufacturing and maintenance) and supply chain management software solutions and component product offerings (including rigid and flexible printed circuit boards and power adapters and chargers). 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP  or  GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending   March 31, 2017  . 
    
  The first quarters for fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year   2016   ended on   July 1, 2016  , which is comprised of   92 days   in the period, and   June 26, 2015  , which is comprised of   87 days   in the period, respectively. The second quarters for fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year   2016   ended on   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , which are comprised of   91 days   in both periods, respectively. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Flex and its majority-owned subsidiaries, after elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions. The Company consolidates its majority-owned subsidiaries and investments in entities in which the Company has a controlling interest. For the consolidated majority- 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

owned subsidiaries in which the Company owns less than 100%, the Company recognizes a noncontrolling interest for the ownership of the noncontrolling owners. Noncontrolling interests are presented as a separate component of total shareholders' equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The associated noncontrolling owners' interests are immaterial for all of the periods presented, and are included in interest and other, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  The Company has certain non-majority-owned equity investments in non-publicly traded companies that are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The equity method of accounting is used when the Company has the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the issuer, or if the Company has an ownership percentage of a corporation equal to or generally greater than 20% but less than 50%, and for non-majority-owned investments in partnerships when generally greater than 5%. The equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees are immaterial for all of the periods presented, and are included in interest and other, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued new guidance intended to reduce the cost and complexity of the accounting for share-based payments. The new guidance simplifies various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments including income tax effects, withholding requirements and forfeitures. The Company elected to early adopt this new guidance beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The guidance eliminates additional paid in capital ("APIC") pools and requires companies to recognize all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It also addresses the presentation of excess tax benefits and employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows. Prior to adoption, the Company elected to not deduct tax benefits for stock-based compensation awards on its tax returns, and accordingly, did not have any excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies upon adoption. The Company therefore determined that adoption of the new guidance had no impact on the condensed consolidated statement of operations and the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. Further, the new guidance eliminates the requirement to estimate forfeitures and reduce stock compensation expense during the vesting period. Instead, companies can elect to account for actual forfeitures as they occur and record any previously unrecognized compensation expense for estimated forfeitures up to the period of adoption as a retrospective adjustment to beginning retained earnings. The Company has made the election to account for actual forfeitures as they occur starting in fiscal year 2017. After assessment, it was determined that the cumulative effect adjustment required under the new guidance was immaterial and therefore the Company did not record a retrospective adjustment. The Company finally determined that the adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance intended to address specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, with early application permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this update and the timing of adoption. 

2.  BALANCE SHEET ITEMS 
    
  Inventories 
    
  The components of inventories, net of applicable lower of cost or market write-downs, were as follows: 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

10 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the activity in the Company s goodwill account for each of its   four   segments during the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    The goodwill generated from the Company s business combinations completed during the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016   is primarily related to value placed on the acquired employee workforces, service offerings and capabilities of the acquired businesses. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. See note 10 for additional information. 
       
           (2) 
    During the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company disposed of   two   non-strategic businesses within the IEI and HRS segments, and recorded an aggregate reduction of goodwill of   $4.4 million   accordingly, which is included in the loss on sale in other expense on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
       
           (3) 
    Includes adjustments to estimates resulting from the finalization of management's review of the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed through certain business combinations completed in a period subsequent to the respective acquisition. These adjustments were not individually, nor in the aggregate, significant to the Company. 
       
  The components of acquired intangible assets are as follows: 

The gross carrying amounts of intangible assets are removed when fully amortized. During the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , the total value of intangible assets increased primarily as a result of   three   acquisitions. The estimated future annual amortization expense for intangible assets is as follows: 

11 

     Table of Contents  

____________________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents estimated amortization for the remaining   six  -month period ending   March 31, 2017  . 
       
  Other Current Assets 
    
  Other current assets include approximately   $461.5 million   and   $501.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively, for the deferred purchase price receivable from the Company's Global and North American Asset-Backed Securitization programs. See note 8 for additional information.  
    
  Also included in other current assets is the remaining value of certain assets purchased on behalf of a customer and financed by a third party banking institution in the amounts of   $83.9 million   and   $83.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively, the nature of which is more fully discussed in Note 17, "Business and Asset Acquisitions" to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended   March 31, 2016  . 
    
  Other Current Liabilities 
    
  Other current liabilities include customer working capital advances of   $223.9 million   and   $253.7 million  , customer-related accruals of   $511.7 million   and   $479.5 million  , and deferred revenue of   $302.9 million   and   $332.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. The customer working capital advances are not interest-bearing, do not have fixed repayment dates and are generally reduced as the underlying working capital is consumed in production. Other current liabilities also include the outstanding balance due to the third party banking institution related to the financed equipment discussed above of   $90.6 million   and   $122.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. 

3.  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  The Company's primary plan used for granting equity compensation awards is the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2010 Plan").  
    
  During fiscal year 2016, in conjunction with the acquisition of NEXTracker Inc. ("NEXTracker"), the Company assumed all of the outstanding, unvested share bonus awards and outstanding, unvested options to purchase shares of common stock of NEXTracker, and converted all of these shares into Flex awards. As a result, the Company now offers the 2014 NEXTracker Equity Incentive Plan (the "NEXTracker Plan"). 
    
  Further, during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, in conjunction with an immaterial acquisition, the Company assumed all of the outstanding, unvested options to purchase shares of common stock of the acquiree, and converted all of these shares into Flex awards. As a result, the Company now offers an additional equity compensation plan, the BrightBox Technologies 2013 Plan (the "BrightBox Plan"). 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the Company s share-based compensation expense: 

The 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
  Total unrecognized compensation expense related to share options under the 2010 Plan is not significant. As of   September 30, 2016  , the number of options outstanding and exercisable under the 2010 Plan was   0.2 million  , for both, and at a weighted-average exercise price of   $9.27   per share and   $9.23   per share, respectively. 
    
  During the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   5.9 million   unvested share bonus awards under the 2010 Plan. Of this amount, approximately   5.0 million   unvested share bonus awards have an average grant date price of   $12.81   per share. Further, approximately   0.7 million   of these unvested shares represents the target amount of grants made to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on certain market conditions. The average grant date fair value of these awards contingent on certain market conditions was estimated to be   $17.57   per award and was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The remaining   0.2 million   of unvested share bonus awards under the 2010 Plan have an average grant date price of   $12.82   per share and represents the target amount of grants made to certain executive officers whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain free cash flow targets. The number of shares under the 2010 Plan, contingent on market conditions that ultimately will vest range from   zero   up to a maximum of   1.4 million   based on a measurement of the percentile rank of the Company s total shareholder return over a certain specified period against the Standard and Poor s ( S P ) 500 Composite Index and will cliff vest after a period of   three   years, if such market conditions have been met. The number of shares under the 2010 Plan, contingent on free cash flow targets that ultimately will vest range from   zero   up to a maximum of   0.4 million   of the target payment based on a measurement of cumulative   three  -year increase of free cash flow from operations of the Company, and will cliff vest after a period of   three   years.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   15.9 million   unvested share bonus awards under the 2010 Plan were outstanding, of which vesting for a targeted amount of   2.3 million   is contingent primarily on meeting certain market conditions. The number of shares that will ultimately be issued can range from   zero   to   4.6 million   based on the achievement levels of the respective conditions. During the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   3.5 million   shares under the 2010 Plan vested in connection with the share bonus awards with market conditions granted in fiscal year 2014. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested share bonus awards under the 2010 Plan is   $159.5 million  , and will be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of   2.8   years. Approximately   $26.3 million   of the total unrecognized compensation cost, is related to awards under the 2010 Plan whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain market conditions.  
    
  The 2014 NEXTracker Equity Incentive Plan 
    
  All shares previously granted under the NEXTracker plan are the result of the Company's conversion of all outstanding, unvested shares of NEXTracker into unvested shares of the Company, as part of the acquisition. Therefore,   no   additional share options or share bonus awards were granted by the Company during the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation expense related to share options under the NEXTracker Plan is   $11.1 million  , and will be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of   2.3   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , the number of options outstanding and exercisable was   2.2 million   and   0.6 million  , respectively, at a weighted-average exercise price of   $3.44   per share and   $2.72   per share, respectively. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   2.3 million   unvested share bonus awards were outstanding. The total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested share bonus awards under the NEXTracker Plan is   $12.2 million  , and will be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of   2.0   years.  
    
  The BrightBox Technologies 2013 Plan 
    
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company granted   0.2 million   share options under the BrightBox Plan, at an average grant date fair value price of   $11.99   per share, and with a vesting period of   three   years from the vesting commencement date. All shares granted under the BrightBox plan are the result of the Company's conversion of all outstanding, unvested shares of BrightBox into unvested shares of the Company, as part of the acquisition. No additional grants will be made out of this plan in the future. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation expense related to share options under the BrightBox Plan is   $1.6 million  , and will be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of   2.6   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , the number of options outstanding was   0.2 million  , at a weighted-average exercise price of   $0.51   per share.   No   options under this plan were exercisable as of   September 30, 2016  . 

4.  EARNINGS PER SHARE 
    
  The following table reflects the basic weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding and diluted weighted-average ordinary share equivalents used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of   Flex Ltd.  : 

____________________________________________________________ 
  (1)             As a result of the Company's net loss, ordinary share equivalents from approximately   4.3 million   options and share bonus awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (losses) per share for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. Options to purchase ordinary shares of   1.7 million   and   1.1 million   during the   three  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively, and share bonus awards of   3.4 million   and   5.3 million   for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share due to their anti-dilutive impact on the weighted-average ordinary share equivalents. 
    
  (2)             Options to purchase ordinary shares of   0.9 million   and   1.2 million   during the   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively, and share bonus awards of   2.9 million   for the   six-month period ended     September 25, 2015   were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share due to their anti-dilutive impact on the weighted-average ordinary share equivalents. An immaterial amount of anti-dilutive share bonus awards was excluded for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

5.  INTEREST AND OTHER, NET 
    
  During the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized interest expense of   $26.5 million   and   $53.4 million  , respectively, on its debt obligations outstanding during the periods.     During the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 25, 2015  , the Company recognized interest expense of   $25.1 million   and   $45.2 million  , respectively.  

6.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
    
  Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
  The Company primarily enters into forward contracts and foreign currency swap contracts to manage the foreign currency risk associated with monetary accounts and anticipated foreign currency denominated transactions. The Company hedges committed exposures and does not engage in speculative transactions. As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate notional amount of the Company s outstanding foreign currency contracts was   $4.2 billion   as summarized below: 

15 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the Company s short-term foreign currency contracts was not material and is included in other current assets or other current liabilities, as applicable, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Certain of these contracts are designed to economically hedge the Company s exposure to monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a non-functional currency and are not accounted for as hedges under the accounting standards. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings during the period of change as a component of interest and other, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the Company also has included net deferred gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders  equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, relating to changes in fair value of its foreign currency contracts that are accounted for as cash flow hedges. These deferred losses were not material as of   September 30, 2016  , and are expected to be recognized primarily as a component of cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statements of operations primarily over the next twelve-month period. The gains and losses recognized in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness were not material for all fiscal periods presented and are included as a component of interest and other, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  The following table presents the fair value of the Company s derivative instruments utilized for foreign currency risk management purposes: 

The Company has financial instruments subject to master netting arrangements, which provides for the net settlement of all contracts with a single counterparty. The Company does not offset fair value amounts for assets and liabilities recognized for derivative instruments under these arrangements, and as such, the asset and liability balances presented in the table above reflect the gross amounts of derivatives in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The impact of netting derivative assets and liabilities is not material to the Company s financial position for any of the periods presented. 

7.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
    
  The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax, are as follows: 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Net gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   relating to derivative instruments and other includes   $1.9 million   attributable to the Company s cash flow hedge instruments which were primarily recognized as a component of cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
    
  Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the   six  -month period ended   September 25, 2015   relating to derivative instruments and other includes   $20.7 million   attributable to the Company s cash flow hedge instruments which were recognized as a component of cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
    
  Substantially all unrealized losses relating to derivative instruments and other, reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for the   three  -month and   six-month periods ended     September 25, 2015  , was recognized as a component of cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statement of operations, which primarily relate to the Company s foreign currency contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges.  

8.  TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION 
    
  The Company sells trade receivables under   two   asset-backed securitization programs and under an accounts receivable factoring program. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Asset-Backed Securitization Programs 
    
  The Company continuously sells designated pools of trade receivables under its Global Asset-Backed Securitization Agreement (the  Global Program ) and its North American Asset-Backed Securitization Agreement (the  North American Program,  collectively, the  ABS Programs ) to affiliated special purpose entities, each of which in turn sells   100%   of the receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions. These programs allow the operating subsidiaries to receive a cash payment and a deferred purchase price receivable for sold receivables. Following the transfer of the receivables to the special purpose entities, the transferred receivables are isolated from the Company and its affiliates, and upon the sale of the receivables from the special purpose entities to the unaffiliated financial institutions, effective control of the transferred receivables is passed to the unaffiliated financial institutions, which has the right to pledge or sell the receivables. Although the special purpose entities are consolidated by the Company, they are separate corporate entities and their assets are available first to satisfy the claims of their creditors. The investment limits set by the financial institutions are   $700.0 million   for the Global Program, of which   $600.0 million   is committed and   $100.0 million   is uncommitted, and   $265.0 million   for the North American Program, of which   $225.0 million   is committed and   $40.0 million   is uncommitted. Both programs require a minimum level of deferred purchase price receivable to be retained by the Company in connection with the sales. 
    
  The Company services, administers and collects the receivables on behalf of the special purpose entities and receives a servicing fee of   0.1%   to   0.5%   of serviced receivables per annum. Servicing fees recognized during the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   were not material and are included in interest and other, net within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As the Company estimates the fee it receives in return for its obligation to service these receivables is at fair value, no servicing assets and liabilities are recognized. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $1.3 billion   of accounts receivable had been sold to the special purpose entities under the ABS Programs for which the Company had received net cash proceeds of approximately   $851.0 million   and deferred purchase price receivables of approximately   $461.5 million  . As of   March 31, 2016  , approximately   $1.4 billion   of accounts receivable had been sold to the special purpose entities for which the Company had received net cash proceeds of   $880.8 million   and deferred purchase price receivables of approximately   $501.1 million  . The portion of the purchase price for the receivables which is not paid by the unaffiliated financial institutions in cash is a deferred purchase price receivable, which is paid to the special purpose entity as payments on the receivables are collected from account debtors. The deferred purchase price receivable represents a beneficial interest in the transferred financial assets and is recognized at fair value as part of the sale transaction. The deferred purchase price receivables are included in other current assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , and were carried at the expected recovery amount of the related receivables. The difference between the carrying amount of the receivables sold under these programs and the sum of the cash and fair value of the deferred purchase price receivables received at time of transfer is recognized as a loss on sale of the related receivables and recorded in interest and other, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and were immaterial for all periods presented. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the accounts receivable balances that were sold under the ABS Programs were removed from the condensed consolidated balance sheets and the net cash proceeds received by the Company were included as cash provided by operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
    
  For the   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , cash flows from sales of receivables under the ABS Programs consisted of approximately   $2.8 billion   and   $2.4 billion  , for transfers of receivables, respectively (of which approximately   $92.7 million   and   $255.3 million  , respectively, represented new transfers and the remainder proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving-period transfers). 
    
  The following table summarizes the activity in the deferred purchase price receivables account: 

Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs 

18 

     Table of Contents  

The Company also sold accounts receivables to certain third-party banking institutions. The outstanding balance of receivables sold and not yet collected was approximately   $362.7 million   and   $339.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. For the   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , total accounts receivable sold to certain third party banking institutions was approximately   $0.8 billion   and   $1.2 billion  , respectively. The receivables that were sold were removed from the condensed consolidated balance sheets and the cash received is reflected as cash provided by operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 

9.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
    
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact, and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The accounting guidance for fair value establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
    
  Level 1   - Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
    
  The Company has deferred compensation plans for its officers and certain other employees. Amounts deferred under the plans are invested in hypothetical investments selected by the participant or the participant s investment manager. The Company s deferred compensation plan assets are for the most part included in other noncurrent assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and primarily include investments in equity securities that are valued using active market prices. 
    
  Level 2   - Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets) such as cash and cash equivalents and money market funds; or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 
    
  The Company values foreign exchange forward contracts using level 2 observable inputs which primarily consist of an income approach based on the present value of the forward rate less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. 
    
  The Company s cash equivalents are comprised of bank deposits and money market funds, which are valued using level 2 inputs, such as interest rates and maturity periods. Due to their short-term nature, their carrying amount approximates fair value. 
    
  The Company s deferred compensation plan assets also include money market funds, mutual funds, corporate and government bonds and certain convertible securities that are valued using prices obtained from various pricing sources. These sources price these investments using certain market indices and the performance of these investments in relation to these indices. As a result, the Company has classified these investments as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Level 3   - Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  
    
  The Company has accrued for contingent consideration in connection with its business acquisitions, which is measured at fair value based on certain internal models and unobservable inputs. 
    
  The fair value of the liability was estimated using a simulation-based measurement technique with significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represents a level 3 fair value measurement. The significant inputs in the fair value measurement not supported by market activity included the Company's probability assessments of expected future revenue during the earn-out period and associated volatility, appropriately discounted considering the uncertainties associated with the obligation, and calculated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement. Significant decreases in expected revenue during the earn-out period, or significant increases in the discount rate or volatility in isolation would result in lower fair value estimates. The interrelationship between these inputs is not considered significant. 
    
   The following table summarizes the activities related to contingent consideration: 

19 

     Table of Contents  

The Company values deferred purchase price receivables relating to its asset-backed securitization program based on a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs (i.e., level 3 inputs), which are primarily risk free interest rates adjusted for the credit quality of the underlying creditor. Due to its high credit quality and short term maturity, the fair value approximates carrying value. Significant increases in either of the major unobservable inputs (credit spread, risk free interest rate) in isolation would result in lower fair value estimates, however the impact is not meaningful. The interrelationship between these inputs is also insignificant. Refer to note 8 for a reconciliation of the change in the deferred purchase price receivable during the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  . 
    
  There were no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  . 
    
  Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
    
  The following table presents the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Other financial instruments 
    
  The following table presents the Company s debt not carried at fair value: 

The term loans and Notes due February 2020, February 2023 and June 2025 are valued based on broker trading prices in active markets.  

21 

     Table of Contents  

The Company values its    50 million   (approximately   $56.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  ),   5  -year, unsecured, term-loan due   September 30, 2020   based on the current market rate, and as of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying amount approximates fair value. 

10. BUSINESS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS   DIVESTITURES 
    
  Business and asset acquisitions 
    
  During the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company completed   three   acquisitions that were not individually, nor in the aggregate, significant to the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. Most notably is the Company s acquisition of   two   manufacturing and development facilities from Bose Corporation ( Bose ), a global leader in audio systems. The acquisition expanded the Company s capabilities in the audio market and is included in the CTG segment. The other acquired businesses strengthen the Company's capabilities in the energy market within the IEI segment. The Company paid a total of   $189.3 million  , net of cash acquired, of which $  171.6 million  , net of   $17.8 million   of cash acquired is related to the Bose acquisition. The Company acquired primarily   $73.6 million   of inventory,   $66.8 million   of property and equipment, recorded goodwill of   $52.8 million   and intangible assets of   $44.9 million   substantially related to Bose. The intangibles will amortize over a weighted-average estimated useful life of   7.4   years. In connection with these acquisitions, the Company assumed   $57.5 million   in other liabilities including additional consideration of   $28.0 million   payable to Bose by the end of fiscal year 2017. Further, the equity incentive plan of one of the acquirees was assumed as part of the acquisition. 
    
  The results of operations for each of the acquisitions completed in fiscal year   2017  , including the Bose acquisition, were included in the Company s consolidated financial results beginning on the date of each acquisition, and the total amount of net income and revenue of the acquisitions, collectively, were immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial results for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2016. Pro-forma results of operations for the acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2017 have not been presented because the effects, individually and in the aggregate, were not material to the Company s consolidated financial results for all periods presented. 
    
  The total amount of net income and revenue for the acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2016, collectively, was not material to the Company s consolidated financial results for the three-month and   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  . On a pro-forma basis, and assuming the fiscal year 2016 acquisitions occurred on the first day of that fiscal year, or April 1, 2015, the Company's net income would have been estimated to be   $130.1 million   and   $243.1 million   for the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 25, 2015  , respectively. Pro-forma revenue for the acquisitions in fiscal year 2016 has not been presented because the effect, collectively, was not material to the Company s consolidated revenues for all periods presented. 
    
  The Company is in the process of evaluating the fair value of the assets and liabilities related to business combinations completed during fiscal year 2017. Additional information, which existed as of the acquisition date, may become known to the Company during the remainder of the measurement period, a period not to exceed   12   months from the date of acquisition. Changes to amounts recorded as assets and liabilities may result in a corresponding adjustment to goodwill during the respective measurement periods. 
    
  Divestitures 
    
  During the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company disposed of   two   non-strategic businesses within the HRS and IEI segments. The Company received   $33.0 million   of proceeds, net of an immaterial amount of cash held in one of the divested businesses. The property and equipment and various other assets sold, and liabilities transferred were not material to the Company's consolidated financial results. The loss on disposition was not material to the Company s consolidated financial results, and is included in other charges, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   six-month period ended     September 30, 2016  . 

22 

Table of Contents  

11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Litigation and other legal matters 
    
  During the third quarter of fiscal year 2014, one of the Company's Brazilian subsidiaries received an assessment for certain sales and import taxes. The tax assessment notice was for nine months of calendar year 2010 for an alleged amount of   52 million   Brazilian reals (approximately USD   $16 million   based on the exchange rate as of   September 30, 2016  ) plus interest. This assessment is in the second stage of the review process at the administrative level. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the same Brazilian subsidiary received a further assessment related to the same import taxes of an additional   57 million   Brazilian reals (approximately USD   $18 million   based on the exchange rate as of   September 30, 2016  ) plus interest. This assessment is in the first stage of the review process at the administrative level. The Company plans to continue to vigorously oppose both of these assessments, as well as any future assessments. The Company is unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome of these assessments against our Brazilian subsidiary. While the Company believes there is no legal basis for the alleged liabilities, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the administrative-review and judicial processes in Brazil and the nature of the claims, it is unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss for this assessment or any future assessments that are reasonably possible. The Company does not expect final judicial determination on either of these claims for several years. 
    
  During fiscal year 2015, one of the Company's non-operating Brazilian subsidiaries received an assessment of approximately USD   $100 million   related to income and social contribution taxes, interest and penalties. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company received a final favorable judgment in the judicial process reversing the assessment and the case is now closed. As the Company had previously determined there was no legal basis for the assessment,   no   adjustment was required to be recorded during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. 
    
  In addition, from time to time, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company defends itself vigorously against any such claims. Although the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, management expects that any losses that are probable or reasonably possible of being incurred as a result of these matters, which are in excess of amounts already accrued in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets, would not be material to the financial statements as a whole. 

12.  SHARE REPURCHASES 
    
  During the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company repurchased   6.9 million   shares at an aggregate purchase price of   $90.0 million  , and   14.2 million   shares at an aggregate purchase price of   $181.0 million  , respectively, and retired all of these shares. 
    
  Under the Company s current share repurchase program, the Board of Directors authorized repurchases of its outstanding ordinary shares for up to   $500 million   in accordance with the share repurchase mandate approved by the Company s shareholders at the date of the most recent Annual General Meeting held on   August 24, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , shares in the aggregate amount of   $450.2 million   were available to be repurchased under the current plan. 

13.  SEGMENT REPORTING 
    
  The Company has   four   reportable segments: HRS, CTG, IEI, and CEC. These segments are determined based on several factors, including the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, customer base, delivery channels and similar economic characteristics. Refer to note 1 for a description of the various product categories manufactured under each of these segments.  
    
  An operating segment's performance is evaluated based on its pre-tax operating contribution, or segment income. Segment income is defined as net sales less cost of sales, and segment selling, general and administrative expenses, and does not include amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, distressed customer charges, other charges (income), net and interest and other, net. 
    
  Selected financial information by segment is as follows: 

23 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company accepted return of previously shipped inventory from a former customer, SunEdison, Inc. ("SunEdison"), of approximately   $90 million  . On April 21, 2016, SunEdison filed a petition for reorganization under bankruptcy law, and as a result, the Company recognized a bad debt reserve of   $61.0 million   as of March 31, 2016, associated with its outstanding SunEdison receivables.  
     During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, prices for solar panel modules declined significantly. The Company determined that certain solar panel inventory on hand as of September 30, 2016 was not fully recoverable and recorded a charge of   $60.0 million   to reduce the carrying costs to market in the three and six-month periods ended September 30, 2016. The Company also recognized a   $16.0 million   impairment charge for solar module equipment and   $16.9 million   primarily related to negative margin sales and other associated solar panel direct costs incurred during the same periods. The total charge of   $92.9 million   is included in cost of sales for the three and six-month periods ended September 30, 2016 but is excluded from segment results above. 
           (2) 
    The Company has initiated a plan to rationalize the current footprint at existing sites including corporate SG A functions and to continue to shift the talent base in support of its   sketch to scale   tm      initiatives. As part of this plan, approximately   $11.5 million   was recognized in the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company expects to finalize the plan by the end of fiscal year 2017. 
       
  Corporate and other primarily includes corporate services costs that are not included in the Chief Operating Decision Maker's ("CODM") assessment of the performance of each of the identified reporting segments. 
    
  Property and equipment on a segment basis is not disclosed as it is not separately identified and is not internally reported by segment to the Company's CODM. 

24 

Table of Contents  

14.  SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  Flex Ltd.   ( Parent ) has   three   tranches of Notes of   $500 million  ,   $500 million  , and   $600 million  , respectively, each outstanding, which mature on February 15, 2020, February 15, 2023 and June 15, 2025, respectively. These Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and are guaranteed, fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis, by certain of the Company s   100%   owned subsidiaries (the  guarantor subsidiaries ). These subsidiary guarantees will terminate upon 1) a sale or other disposition of the guarantor or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the guarantor (other than to the Parent or a subsidiary); 2) such guarantor ceasing to be a guarantor or a borrower under the Company s Term Loan Agreement and the Revolving Line of Credit; 3) defeasance or discharge of the Notes, as provided in the Notes indenture; or 4) if at any time the Notes are rated investment grade, provided that each rating agency confirms that the Notes will continue to be rated investment grade after the Note Guaranties are terminated. 
    
  In lieu of providing separate financial statements for the guarantor subsidiaries, the Company has included the accompanying condensed consolidating financial statements, which are presented using the equity method of accounting. The principal elimination entries relate to investment in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions, including transactions with the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries.  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016    

26 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of   March 31, 2016    

27 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for the   Three  -Month Period Ended   September 30, 2016    

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for the   Three  -Month Period Ended   September 25, 2015    

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for the   Six-Month Period Ended     September 30, 2016    

28 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for the   Six-Month Period Ended     September 25, 2015    

29 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   Three  -Month Period Ended   September 30, 2016    

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   Three  -Month Period Ended   September 25, 2015    

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   Six-Month Period Ended     September 30, 2016    

30 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   Six-Month Period Ended     September 25, 2015    

31 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for the   Six-Month Period Ended     September 30, 2016    

32 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for the   Six-Month Period Ended     September 25, 2015    

33 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Unless otherwise specifically stated, references in this report to  Flex,   the Company,   we,   us,   our  and similar terms mean   Flex Ltd.  , formerly known as Flextronics International Ltd., and its subsidiaries. 
    
  This report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The words  expects,   anticipates,   believes,   intends,   plans  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements which refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly disclose any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring subsequent to filing this Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those risks and uncertainties discussed in this section, as well as any risks and uncertainties discussed in Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of this report on Form 10-Q, and in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  and in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   March 31, 2016  . In addition, new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such risk factors on our business. Accordingly, our future results may differ materially from historical results or from those discussed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

OVERVIEW 
    
  We are a globally-recognized, leading provider of innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain services and solutions that span   from sketch to scale   tm   ; from conceptual sketch to full-scale production. We design, build, ship and service complete packaged consumer electronics and industrial products for original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), through our activities in the following segments: High Reliability Solutions ("HRS"), which is comprised of our medical business including consumer health, digital health, disposables, drug delivery, diagnostics, life sciences and imaging equipment; our automotive business, including vehicle electronics, connectivity, and clean technologies; and our defense and aerospace businesses, focused on commercial aviation, defense and military; Consumer Technologies Group ("CTG"), which includes our mobile devices business, including smart phones; our consumer electronics business, including connected living, wearable electronics including digital sport, game consoles, and connectivity devices; and our high-volume computing business, including various supply chain solutions for notebook personal computers ("PC"), tablets, and printers; in addition, our CTG group is expanding its business relationships to include supply chain optimization for non-electronics products such as shoes and clothing; Industrial and Emerging Industries ("IEI"), which is comprised of semiconductor and capital equipment, office solutions, household industrial and lifestyle, industrial automation and kiosks, energy and metering, and lighting; and Communications   Enterprise Compute ("CEC"), which includes radio access base stations, remote radio heads, and small cells for wireless infrastructure; optical, routing, broadcasting, and switching products for the data and video networks; server and storage platforms for both enterprise and cloud-based deployments; next generation storage and security appliance products; and rack level solutions, converged infrastructure and software-defined product solutions. 
    
  Our strategy is to provide customers with a full range of cost competitive, vertically-integrated global supply chain solutions through which we can design, build, ship, and service a complete packaged product for our OEM customers. This enables our OEM customers to leverage our supply chain solutions to meet their product requirements throughout the entire product life cycle. 
    
  Over the past few years, we have seen an increased level of diversification by many companies, primarily in the technology sector. Some companies that have historically identified themselves as software providers, Internet service providers or e-commerce retailers have entered the highly competitive and rapidly evolving technology hardware markets, such as mobile devices, home entertainment and wearable devices. This trend has resulted in a significant change in the manufacturing and supply chain solutions requirements of such companies. While the products have become more complex, the supply chain solutions required by such companies have become more customized and demanding, and it has changed the manufacturing and supply chain landscape significantly. 
    
  We use a portfolio approach to manage our extensive service offerings. As our OEM customers change the way they go to market, we are able to reorganize and rebalance our business portfolio in order to align with our customers' needs and requirements in an effort to optimize operating results. The objective of our business model is to allow us to be flexible and redeploy and reposition our assets and resources as necessary to meet a specific customer's supply chain solutions needs across all of the markets we serve and earn a return on our invested capital above the weighted-average cost of that capital. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

During the past few years, we have made significant efforts to evolve our long-term portfolio towards a higher mix of businesses which possess longer product life cycles and higher segment operating margins such as reflected in our IEI and HRS businesses. During the last two fiscal years we launched several programs broadly across our portfolio of services and in some instances we deployed certain new technologies. Some of these programs have started to yield better results, as demonstrated by our segment operating margin improvement while our sales decreased compared to the prior year. We continue to invest in innovation and we have expanded our design and engineering relationships through our product innovation centers. 
    
  We believe that our business transformation has strategically positioned us to take advantage of the long-term, future growth prospects for outsourcing of advanced manufacturing capabilities, design and engineering services and after-market services, which remain strong. 
    
  We are one of the world's largest providers of global supply chain solutions, with revenues of   $11.9 billion   for the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   and   $24.4 billion   in fiscal year   2016  . The following tables set forth the relative percentages and dollar amounts of net sales and net property and equipment, by country, based on the location of our manufacturing sites: 

We believe that the combination of our extensive open innovation platform solutions, design and engineering services, advanced supply chain management solutions and services, significant scale and global presence, and industrial campuses in low-cost geographic areas provide us with a competitive advantage and strong differentiation in the market for designing, manufacturing and servicing consumer electronics and industrial products for leading multinational and regional OEMs. Specifically, we have launched multiple product innovation centers ("PIC") focused exclusively on offering our customers the ability to simplify their global product development, manufacturing process, and after sales services, and enable them to meaningfully accelerate their time to market and cost savings. 
    
  Our operating results are affected by a number of factors, including the following: 

changes in the macro-economic environment and related changes in consumer demand; 

35 

     Table of Contents  

the mix of the manufacturing services we are providing, the number and size of new manufacturing programs, the degree to which we utilize our manufacturing capacity, seasonal demand, shortages of components and other factors; 

the effects on our business when our customers are not successful in marketing their products, or when their products do not gain widespread commercial acceptance; 

our ability to achieve commercially viable production yields and to manufacture components in commercial quantities to the performance specifications demanded by our OEM customers; 

the effects on our business due to our customers  products having short product life cycles; 

our customers  ability to cancel or delay orders or change production quantities; 

our customers  decision to choose internal manufacturing instead of outsourcing for their product requirements; 

our exposure to financially troubled customers; 

integration of acquired businesses and facilities; 

increased labor costs due to adverse labor conditions in the markets we operate; and 

changes in tax legislation. 
       
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP  or  GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
    
  Refer to the accounting policies under Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , where we discuss our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of net sales. The financial information and the discussion below should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this document. In addition, reference should be made to our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our   2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

36 

     Table of Contents  

Net sales 
    
  The following table sets forth our net sales by segment and their relative percentages. Historical information has been recast to reflect realignment of customers and/or products between segments to ensure comparability: 

Net sales during the   three  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   totaled   $6.0 billion  , representing a   decrease   of approximately   $0.3 billion  , or   4.9%   from   $6.3 billion   during the   three  -month period ended   September 25, 2015  . The overall decline in sales was driven by decreases in two of our segments, with our CTG segment declining   $346.4 million  , almost entirely due to a decline in demand from our largest smartphone customer Lenovo/Motorola in connection with our exit of a China operation dedicated to them, and a   $103.0 million   decrease in our CEC segment largely attributable to lower sales within our legacy server and storage business. These decreases were offset by modest increases in our other segments with a   $96.9 million   increase in our IEI segment driven by contribution from our NEXTracker Inc. ("NEXTracker") acquisition and expansion within our capital equipment business. Also offsetting the declines in CTG and CEC segments was a   $44.3 million   increase in our HRS segment primarily attributable to successful new program ramps in our automotive and medical businesses. Net sales   decreased     $290.0 million   to   $2.9 billion   in Asia, while remaining relatively consistent in the Americas and Europe at   $2.1 billion   and   $1.0 billion  , respectively. 
    
  Net sales during the   six  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , remained consistent at   $11.9 billion  . Net sales within our CTG segment decreased by   $597.5 million   primarily as a result of the decline in demand from our largest smartphone customer Lenovo/Motorola in connection with the exit of the China operation described above, offset by slight increases in each of our other three segments. Net sales   increased     $213.9 million   to   $2.2 billion   in Europe offset by a decrease of   $190.1 million   to   $5.6 billion   in Asia. Sales in the Americas remained relatively consistent at   $4.1 billion  . 
    
  Our ten largest customers, during the three-month and   six  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , accounted for approximately   42%   and   43%   of net sales, respectively. No customer accounted for more than   10%   of net sales during the three and   six  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Our ten largest customers, during the three-month and   six  -month periods ended   September 25, 2015  , accounted for approximately   47%   and   46%   of net sales, respectively. Lenovo/Motorola accounted for more than   10%   of net sales during the three and   six-month periods ended     September 25, 2015  . 
    
  Gross profit 
    
  Gross profit is affected by a number of factors, including the number and size of new manufacturing programs, product mix, component costs and availability, product life cycles, unit volumes, pricing, competition, new product introductions, capacity utilization and the expansion and consolidation of manufacturing facilities. The flexible design of our manufacturing processes allows us to build a broad range of products in our facilities and better utilize our manufacturing capacity. In the cases of new programs, profitability normally lags revenue growth due to product start-up costs, lower manufacturing program volumes in the start-up phase, operational inefficiencies, and under-absorbed overhead. Gross margin for these programs often improves over time as manufacturing volumes increase, as our utilization rates and overhead absorption improve, and as we increase the level of manufacturing services content. As a result of these various factors, our gross margin varies from period to period. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

Gross profit during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     $83.2 million   to   $313.7 million  , or   5.2%   of net sales, from   $396.9 million  , or   6.3%   of net sales, during the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  . Gross profit during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     $29.6 million   to   $719.7 million  , or   6.1%   of net sales from   $749.3 million  , or   6.3%   of net sales, during the   six  -month period ended   September 25, 2015  . Gross profit for both the three-month and the six-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   was negatively impacted by the   $92.9 million  , or   160   basis points and   70   basis points for the three and six-month periods, respectively, of charges recognized related to the significant decline in prices for solar modules and the slowdown in demand. This negative impact was partially offset by a richer business mix due to a greater concentration of our higher margin HRS business coupled with improved operational efficiencies and improved customer mix in our CTG segment.   
    
  Gross margins   deteriorated     110   and   20   basis points in the three-month and   six  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to that of the three-month and   six  -month periods ended   September 25, 2015  , as a result of the various factors described above. 
    
  Segment Income 
    
  An operating segment s performance is evaluated based on its pre-tax operating contribution, or segment income. Segment income is defined as net sales less cost of sales, and segment selling, general and administrative expenses, and does not include amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation, restructuring charges, distressed customer charges, other charges (income), net and interest and other, net. A portion of amortization and depreciation is allocated to the respective segment together with other general corporate research and development and administrative expenses.  
    
  The following table sets forth segment income and margins. Historical information has been recast to reflect realignment of customers and/or products between segments: 

(1) 
    During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company accepted return of previously shipped inventory from a former customer, SunEdison, Inc. ("SunEdison"), of approximately   $90 million  . On April 21, 2016, SunEdison filed a petition for reorganization under bankruptcy law, and as a result, the Company recognized a bad debt reserve of   $61.0 million   as of March 31, 2016, associated with its outstanding SunEdison receivables. 
     
   38 

     Table of Contents  

During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, prices for solar panel modules declined significantly due to global oversupply and continued deregulation. The Company determined that certain solar panel inventory on hand as of September 30, 2016 was not fully recoverable and recorded a charge of   $60.0 million   to reduce the carrying costs to market in the three and six-month periods ended September 30, 2016. The Company also recognized a   $16.0 million   impairment charge for solar module equipment and   $16.9 million   primarily related to negative margin sales and other associated solar panel direct costs incurred during the same periods. The total charge of   $92.9 million   is included in cost of sales for the three and six-month periods ended September 30, 2016 but is excluded from segment results above.  
           (2) 
    The Company has initiated a plan to rationalize the current footprint at existing sites including corporate SG A functions and to continue to shift the talent base in support of our   sketch to scale   tm    initiatives. As part of this plan, approximately   $11.5 million   was recognized in the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company expects to finalize the plan by the end of fiscal year 2017. 
       
  CEC segment margin   decreased     50   basis points, to   2.5%   for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , from   3.0%   during the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015   due to lower capacity utilization causing reduced overhead absorption, as well as incurring incremental costs associated with our proactive repositioning of certain programs and actions to better align CEC's operating structure. CEC segment margin   decreased     20   basis points, to   2.7%   for the six-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , from   2.9%   during the six-month period ended   September 25, 2015   as a result of changes in product mix as well as incurring incremental costs associated with our proactive repositioning of certain programs and actions to better align CEC's operating structure. 
    
  CTG segment margin   increased     130   and   50   basis points, to   3.3%   and   2.7%  , respectively, for the three-month and six-month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , from   2.0%   and   2.2%  , during the three-month and six-month periods ended   September 25, 2015  , respectively. The increase is primarily driven by portfolio shift within the CTG product mix with a greater concentration of higher margin consumer products where we provide greater levels of design and engineering value-added content, as well as our exiting of lower margin businesses.  
    
  IEI segment margin   increased     20   and   70   basis points, to   3.0%   and   3.4%  , respectively, for the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016  , from   2.8%   and   2.7%   during the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 25, 2015  , respectively. The increases are primarily due to contribution from our NEXTracker acquisition, partially offset by underperformance primarily driven by our formerly largest IEI customer, SunEdison, declaring bankruptcy in April 2016.  
    
  HRS segment margin   increased     40   and   110   basis points, to   7.9%   and   8.1%  , respectively, for the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 30, 2016  , from   7.5%   and   7.0%  , during the three-month and   six-month periods ended     September 25, 2015  , respectively. These improvements are primarily the result of new program launches and richer mix with greater value-added business engagements as a result of greater design and engineering solutions as part of our   sketch to scale   tm    offering in our core HRS business, and contribution from our MCi acquisition since the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ) was   $243.9 million  , or   4.1%   of net sales, during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   increasing     $27.1 million   from   $216.8 million  , or   3.4%   of net sales, during the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  . SG A was   $483.5 million  , or   4.1%   of net sales, during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   increasing     $57.3 million   from   $426.2 million  , or   3.6%   of net sales, during the   six  -month period ended   September 25, 2015  . The increase in SG A in dollars and as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation expense, incremental costs associated with our acquisition of NEXTracker which drives a higher proportional SG A level and further investments in design and engineering resources by the Company, to support our increased   sketch to scale   tm    initiatives, and to a lesser extent the charges described below. 
    
  The Company has initiated a plan to accelerate its ability to support more   sketch to scale   tm      efforts across the company and reposition away from historical legacy programs and structures through     rationalizing its current footprint at existing sites and at corporate SG A functions. The Company estimates that costs associated with its plan will range from $40 million to $60 million in fiscal year 2017, including approximately   $11.5 million   recognized in the quarter ended September 30, 2016, of which $4.7 million is included in SG A and $6.8 million is included in cost of sales. The Company expects to finalize the plan by the end of fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Intangible amortization 
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization of intangible assets   increased   by   $5.9 million   during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   to   $22.0 million   from   $16.1 million   for the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  , and   increased   by   $19.8 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   to   $43.6 million   from   $23.8 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 25, 2015  . The   increase   is primarily due to incremental amortization expense on intangible assets relating to our acquisitions completed during the second half of fiscal year 2016. 
    
  Interest and other, net 
    
  Interest and other, net was   $24.6 million   during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $22.0 million   during the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  . The   increase   in interest and other, net of   $2.6 million   was primarily due to a decline of   $9.1 million   of foreign currency gains recognized during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to the Chinese Yuan (CNY). The increase was partially offset by   $8.1 million   of non-recurring acquisition-related costs incurred during the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  . 
    
  Interest and other, net was   $49.0 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $38.5 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 25, 2015  . The   increase   in interest and other, net of   $10.5 million   was primarily as a result of   $8.1 million   of incremental interest expense mainly from the 4.750% Notes due June 15, 2025 issued during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, as well as the decline in foreign currency gains recognized, offset by the acquisition-related costs as discussed above. 
    
  Income taxes 
    
  Certain of our subsidiaries have, at various times, been granted tax relief in their respective countries, resulting in lower income taxes than would otherwise be the case under ordinary tax rates. Refer to note 13,  Income Taxes  of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   for further discussion. 
    
  Our policy is to provide a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets that in our estimation are not more likely than not to be realized. 
    
  The consolidated effective tax rate was   117.0%   and   21.6%   for the three-month and   six  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   12.3%   and   9.7%   for the three-month and   six  -month periods ended   September 25, 2015  , respectively, and varies from the Singapore statutory rate of   17.0%   as a result of recognition of earnings in different jurisdictions, operating loss carryforwards, income tax credits, release of previously established valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, liabilities for uncertain tax positions, as well as the effect of certain tax holidays and incentives granted to our subsidiaries primarily in China, Malaysia and Israel. We generate most of our revenues and profits from operations outside of Singapore. The effective tax rates for the three and   six  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   are higher than the effective tax rates for the three and   six  -month periods ended   September 25, 2015   primarily due to the charges related to the solar panel inventory impairment and business exit and the rationalization costs incurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 that were in jurisdictions which resulted in minimal tax benefit thereby increasing the company s effective tax rate. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately   $1.5 billion   and bank and other borrowings of approximately   $2.7 billion  . We have a   $1.5 billion   revolving credit facility that expires in March 2019, under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of the end of the quarter. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with the covenants under each of our existing credit facilities and indentures. 
    
  Cash provided by operating activities was   $543.6 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  . This resulted from   $103.2 million   of net income for the period plus adjustments for   $337.4 million   of non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, and other impairment charges (which includes the   $60.0 million   inventory write-down recorded during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  ), and   $102.9 million   from changes in our operating assets and liabilities. These changes were mainly related to an increase in accounts payable due to timing of payments to suppliers, offset by an increase in accounts receivable driven by the increase in sales activity. 
    
  For the quarterly periods indicated, certain key liquidity metrics were as follows:  

40 

     Table of Contents  

Days in trade accounts receivable was calculated as average accounts receivable, net of allowance for double accounts, for the current and prior quarters, adding back the reduction in accounts receivable resulting from non-cash accounts receivable sales, divided by annualized sales for the current quarter by day. During the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , days in trade accounts receivable   decreased   by   1   day compared to the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015   largely due to an improvement in our collection efforts and timing of invoicing customers during the current period. Non-cash accounts receivable sales or deferred purchase price receivables included for the purposes of the calculation were   $461.5 million   and   $537.6 million   for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively. Deferred purchase price receivables are recorded in other current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. For further information regarding deferred purchase price receivables see note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Days in inventory was calculated as the average inventory for the current and prior quarters divided by annualized cost of sales for the respective quarter by day. Days in inventory increased by   4   days during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  , primarily due to lower sales activities in the current quarter. 
    
  Days in accounts payable was calculated as the average accounts payable for the current and prior quarters divided by annualized cost of sales for the respective quarter by day. Days in accounts payable   increased   by   2   days during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  , primarily due to timing of payments, combined with a lower cost of sales attributable to lower sales in the current period compared to the prior year. 
    
  Our cash conversion cycle was calculated as the sum of days of inventory and days of account receivables outstanding less days payable outstanding. Our cash conversion cycle   increased   by   1   day during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the three-month period ended   September 25, 2015  , due to the factors for each of the components in the calculation discussed above. 
    
  Cash used in investing activities amounted to   $412.8 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  . This resulted primarily from   $279.4 million   of net capital expenditures for property and equipment to expand capability and capacity in support of our automotive and medical businesses and further investments in both automation and expanding technologies to support our innovation services. In addition,   $189.9 million   was paid primarily for the acquisition of three businesses, net of cash acquired, including   $171.6 million  , net of   $17.8 million   of cash acquired related to the acquisition of the manufacturing facilities from Bose. Offsets in other investing activities include   $33.0 million   received for the sale of two non-strategic businesses, and   $26.8 million   of proceeds from the sale of certain assets that were purchased on behalf of a customer and financed by a third party banking institution. 
    
  We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments, fund acquisitions, repurchase company shares and for certain other activities. Our free cash flow is calculated as cash from operations less net purchases of property and equipment. Our free cash flows for the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   was   $264.2 million   compared to   $368.0 million   for the   six  -month period ended   September 25, 2015  . Free cash flow is not a measure of liquidity under U.S. GAAP, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. Free cash flow should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities. Free cash flows reconcile to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure of cash flows from operations as follows: 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Cash used in financing activities was   $215.7 million   during the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , which was primarily for the repurchase of our ordinary shares in the amount of   $184.7 million  , and   $110.6 million   for repayment of bank borrowings and long-term debt. These cash outflows were partially offset by   $75.0 million   of net proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt. 
    
  Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world. Liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of the business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. Local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances; however, any current restrictions are not material. We do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout the global organization. We believe that our existing cash balances, together with anticipated cash flows from operations and borrowings available under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next twelve months. As of   September 30, 2016   approximately half of our cash and cash equivalents was held by foreign subsidiaries outside of Singapore. As of   March 31, 2016  , over half of our cash and cash equivalents was held by foreign subsidiaries outside of Singapore. Although substantially all of the amounts held outside of Singapore could be repatriated, under current laws, a significant amount could be subject to income tax withholdings. We provide for tax liabilities on these amounts for financial statement purposes, except for certain of our foreign earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Singapore (approximately   $916.0 million   as of   March 31, 2016  ). Repatriation could result in an additional income tax payment, however, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of Singapore and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our operations in jurisdictions outside of where they are held. Where local restrictions prevent an efficient intercompany transfer of funds, our intent is that cash balances would remain outside of Singapore and we would meet our liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings, or both. 
    
  Future liquidity needs will depend on fluctuations in levels of inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable, the timing of capital expenditures for new equipment, the extent to which we utilize operating leases for new facilities and equipment, the levels of shipments and changes in the volumes of customer orders, and our targeted business and asset acquisitions.  
    
  Historically, we have funded operations from cash and cash equivalents generated from operations, proceeds from public offerings of equity and debt securities, bank debt and lease financings. We also sell a designated pool of trade receivables under asset-backed securitization programs and sell certain trade receivables, which are in addition to the trade receivables sold in connection with these securitization agreements. 
    
  We anticipate that we will enter into debt and equity financings, sales of accounts receivable and lease transactions to fund acquisitions and growth. The sale or issuance of equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution to current shareholders. Further, we may issue debt securities that have rights and privileges senior to those of holders of ordinary shares, and the terms of this debt could impose restrictions on operations and could increase debt service obligations. This increased indebtedness could limit our flexibility as a result of debt service requirements and restrictive covenants, potentially affect our credit ratings, and may limit our ability to access additional capital or execute our business strategy. Any downgrades in credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow as a result of more restrictive borrowing terms. We continue to assess our capital structure and evaluate the merits of redeploying available cash to reduce existing debt or repurchase ordinary shares. 
    
  Under our current share repurchase program, our Board of Directors authorized repurchases of our outstanding ordinary shares for up to   $500 million   in accordance with the share purchase mandate approved by our shareholders at the date of the most recent Extraordinary General Meeting which was held on   August 24, 2016  . During the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , we paid   $184.7 million   to repurchase shares (under the current and prior repurchase plans) at an average price of   $12.69   per share. As of   September 30, 2016  , shares in the aggregate amount of   $450.2 million   were available to be repurchased under the current plan. 

42 

     Table of Contents  

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
    
  Information regarding our long-term debt payments, operating lease payments, capital lease payments and other commitments is provided in Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  . There have been no material changes in our contractual obligations and commitments since   March 31, 2016  . 
    
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
    
  We sell designated pools of trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions under our ABS programs, and in addition to cash, we receive a deferred purchase price receivable for each pool of the receivables sold. Each of these deferred purchase price receivables serves as additional credit support to the financial institutions and is recorded at its estimated fair value. As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the fair values of our deferred purchase price receivable were approximately   $461.5 million   and   $501.1 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the outstanding balances on receivables sold for cash were   $1.2 billion  , respectively, under all our accounts receivable sales programs, which are not included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. For further information see note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  There were no material changes in our exposure to market risks for changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates for the   six  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  . 

ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  , the end of the quarterly fiscal period covered by this quarterly report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016   such disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our   second   quarter of fiscal year   2017   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  For a description of our material legal proceedings, see note 11  Commitments and Contingencies  in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   March 31, 2016  , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results.  The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be not material also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

43 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  The following table provides information regarding purchases of our ordinary shares made by us for the period from   July 2, 2016   through   September 30, 2016  : 

____________________________________________________________ 
    
           (1) 
    During the period from   July 2, 2016   through   September 30, 2016  , all purchases were made pursuant to the programs discussed below in open market transactions.  All purchases were made in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  
       
           (2) 
    On   August 20, 2015  , our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our outstanding ordinary shares for up to $500 million.  This is in accordance with the share purchase mandate whereby our shareholders approved a repurchase limit of 20% of our issued ordinary shares outstanding at the Annual General Meeting held on the same date as the Board authorization. As of July 1, 2016, we had shares in the aggregate amount of   $151.1 million   were available to be repurchased under this plan, of which   3.1 million   shares in the aggregate amount of   $40.1 million   were repurchased prior to August 24, 2016 (after which authorization under this plan terminated). 
       
           (3) 
    On August 24, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our outstanding ordinary shares for up to $500 million.  This is in accordance with the share purchase mandate whereby our shareholders approved a repurchase limit of 20% of our issued ordinary shares outstanding at the Annual General Meeting held on the same date as the Board authorization. As of   September 30, 2016  , shares in the aggregate amount of   $450.2 million   were available to be repurchased under the current plan. 

44 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3.   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None 

ITEM 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable 

ITEM 5.   OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None 

ITEM 6.   EXHIBITS 
    
  Exhibits         See Exhibit Index below. 

45 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FLEX LTD. 

(Registrant) 

/s/ Michael M. McNamara 

Michael M. McNamara 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 

/s/ Christopher Collier 

Christopher Collier 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 

46 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Filed 
      Exhibit No. 
      
    Exhibit 
      
    Form 
      
    File No. 
      
    Filing Date 
      
    Exhibit No. 
      
    Herewith 

3.01 

Constitution of Registrant 

X 
      15.01 

Letter in lieu of consent of Deloitte   Touche LLP. 

X 
      31.01 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
      31.02 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
      32.01 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 

X 
      101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

X 
      101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
      101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

* This exhibit is furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of   Flex Ltd.   under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
  
   47 

<EX-3.01>
 2
 flex-exx301x93016.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.01

Exhibit 

THE COMPANIES ACT, CAP. 50 
    
  _____________ 
    
  PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 
    
  ______________ 

CONSTITUTION 
    
  of 
    
  FLEX LTD. 
  (formerly known as FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.) 

(Adopted by Special Resolution passed on 24 August 2016) 
  ______________ 
    
  Incorporated on the 31st     day of May 1990  
    
  ______________ 

ALLEN   GLEDHILL LLP 
  One Marina Boulevard #28-00 
  Singapore 018989 

THE COMPANIES ACT, CAP. 50 
  ______________ 
    
  PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 
  ______________ 
  CONSTITUTION 
    
  of 
    
  FLEX LTD.    1   
  (Adopted by Special Resolution passed on 24 August 2016) 
    
  ______________ 
    
  INTERPRETATION 
    
                                    1.        In this Constitution, if not inconsistent with the subject or context, the words or symbol standing in the first column of the Table next hereinafter contained shall bear the meanings set opposite to them respectively in the second column thereof: 
      
    Interpretation. 

WORDS 
      
    MEANINGS 

"The Act" 
    .. 
    The Companies Act, Cap. 50. 
      "This Constitution" 
    .. 
    This Constitution as from time to time altered. 
      "The Company  
    .. 
    The above-named Company by whatever name from time to time called. 
      "Directors" 
    .. 
    The Directors for the time being of the Company or such number of them as have authority to act for the Company. 
      "Director" 
    .. 
    Includes any person acting as a Director of the Company and includes any person duly appointed and acting for the time being as an Alternate Director. 
      "Dividend" 
      
    Includes bonus. 
      "Member" 
    .. 
    A registered holder of any shares of the Company; provided, however, that a "Member" shall not include the Company in the  

_____________________ 
   1    By Special Resolution passed at the Annual General Meeting held on 24 August 2016, the Company resolved to change its name from Flextronics International Ltd. to Flex Ltd.. The name change was effected on 7 September 2016.  

2 

holding of its shares as treasury shares, unless otherwise required by the Act. 
    
      "month" 
    .. 
    Calendar month. 
      "Office" 
    .. 
    The Registered Office of the Company for the time being. 
      "paid up" 
    .. 
    Includes credited as paid up. 
      "Register" 
    .. 
    The Register of Members. 
       registered address  or  address  
    .. 
    In relation to any Member, his physical address for the service or delivery of notices or documents personally or by post, except where otherwise expressly provided in this Constitution. 
      "Seal" 
    .. 
    The Common Seal of the Company or in appropriate cases the duplicate Common Seal. 
      "Secretary" 
    .. 
    The Secretary or Secretaries appointed under this Constitution and shall include any person appointed by the Directors to perform the duties of Secretary and where two or more persons are appointed to act as Joint Secretaries shall include any one of those persons. 
      "Singapore" 
    .. 
    The Republic of Singapore. 
       Statutes  
    .. 
    The Act and every other act for the time being in force concerning companies and affecting the Company. 
       writing", "written" and  in writing  
    .. 
    Written or produced by any substitute for writing or partly one and partly another and shall include (except where otherwise expressly specified in this Constitution or the context otherwise requires, and subject to any limitations, conditions or restrictions contained in the Statutes) any representation or reproduction of words, symbols or other information which may be displayed in a visible form, whether in a physical document or in an electronic communication or form or otherwise howsoever. 
       $  
    .. 
    The lawful currency of Singapore. 

The expressions  current address ,  electronic communication  and  treasury shares  shall have the meanings ascribed to them respectively in the Act. 
    
  Words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa. 
    
  Words denoting the masculine gender only shall include the feminine gender.  
    
  Words denoting persons shall include corporations. 
    
  Any reference in this Constitution to "holders" of shares or a class of shares shall, except where otherwise provided, exclude the Company in relation to shares held by it as treasury shares, and  holding  and  held  shall be construed accordingly. 
    
  Any reference in this Constitution to any enactment is a reference to that enactment as amended or enacted from time to time. 
    
  Save as aforesaid, any word or expression used in the Act and the Interpretation Act, Cap. 1 shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context, bear the same meaning in this Constitution. 

3 

A Special Resolution shall be effective for any purpose for which an Ordinary Resolution is expressed to be required under any provision of this Constitution. 
    
  The headnotes and marginal notes are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this Constitution. 
    
  NAME 
    
                                  2.       The name of the Company is Flex Ltd. 
    Name. 

REGISTERED OFFICE 
    
                                  3.       The Office will be situated in the Republic of Singapore. 
    Office. 

BUSINESS OR ACTIVITY 
    
                                      4.          Subject to the provisions of the Act and any other written law and this Constitution, the Company has:  
    Business or activity. 

(a) 
    full capacity to carry on or undertake any business or activity, do any act or enter into any transaction; and 
              (b) 
    for these purposes, full rights, powers and privileges.  
       
  PUBLIC COMPANY 
    
                                  5.       The Company is a public company. 
    Public Company.  

LIABILITY OF MEMBERS 
    
                                  6.       The liability of Members is limited. 
    Liability of Members. 

SHARES 
    
                                  7.       The Company shall not exercise any right in respect of treasury shares other than as provided by the Act. Subject thereto, the Company may deal with its treasury shares in the manner authorised by, or prescribed pursuant to, the Act. 
    Treasury Shares.  

4 

8.          (A)       Except as is otherwise expressly permitted by the Act, the Company shall not give, whether directly or indirectly and whether by means of the making of a loan, the giving of a guarantee, the provision of security, the release of an obligation or the release of a debt or otherwise, any financial assistance for the purpose of, or in connection with, the acquisition or proposed acquisition of shares or units of shares in the Company or its holding company.  
    Prohibition against financial assistance. 
                          (B)       Notwithstanding the provisions of article 8(A) but subject to the Act, the Company may purchase or otherwise acquire its issued shares on such terms and in such manner as the Company may from time to time think fit. If required by the Act, any share that is so purchased or acquired by the Company shall, unless held in treasury in accordance with the Act, be deemed to be cancelled immediately on purchase or acquisition by the Company. Upon the cancellation of a share, the rights and privileges attached to that share shall expire. In any other instance, the Company may hold or deal with any such share which is so purchased or acquired by it in such manner as may be permitted by, and in accordance with, the Act. 
    Company may acquire its own issued shares. 
                       9.       The Company may issue shares for which no consideration is payable to the Company. 
    Issue of shares for no consideration. 
                      10.      Subject to the Statutes and this Constitution, no shares may be issued by the Directors without the prior approval of the Company in General Meeting but subject thereto and to the provisions of this Constitution, the Directors may allot and issue shares or grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons on such terms and conditions and for such consideration (if any) and at such time as the Company in General Meeting may approve.  
    Issue of Shares. 
                      11.      The rights attached to shares issued upon special conditions shall be clearly defined in this Constitution. Without prejudice to any special right previously conferred on the holders of any existing shares or class of shares but subject to the Statutes and this Constitution, shares in the Company may be issued by the Directors and any such shares may be issued with such preferred, deferred, or other special rights or such restrictions, whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise as the Directors determine.  
    Special Rights. 
                      12.      Subject to the provisions of the Act, if at any time the share capital is divided into different classes, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied or abrogated with the consent in writing of the holders of at least three-fourths of the shares of that class or with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate General Meeting of the holders of shares of that class and to every such Special Resolution the provisions of Section 184 of the Act shall, with such adaptations as are necessary, apply. To every such separate General Meeting the provisions of this Constitution relating to General Meetings shall mutatis mutandis apply; provided, however, that the necessary quorum shall be at least two persons holding or representing by proxy or by attorney no less than one-third of the issued shares of the class and that any holder of shares of the class present in person or by proxy or by attorney may demand a poll. 
    Variation of rights. 
                      13.      The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class or by this Constitution as are in force at the time of such issue, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking equally therewith.  
    Creation or issue of further shares with special rights. 

5 

14.      The Company may pay commissions or brokerage on any issue of shares at such rate or amount and in such manner as the Directors may think fit. Such commission or brokerage may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of fully or partly paid shares or by a combination of cash and fully or partly paid shares. 
    Power to pay commission and brokerage. 
                      15.      Except as required by law, no person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any share upon any trust and the Company shall not be bound by or compelled in any way to recognise (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share or any interest in any fractional part of a share or (except only as by this Constitution or by law otherwise provided) any other rights in respect of any share, except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder. 
    Exclusion of equities. 
                      16.      If two or more persons are registered in the Register as joint holders of any share any one of such persons may give effectual receipts for any dividend payable in respect of such share and the joint holders of a share shall, subject to the provisions of the Act, be severally as well as jointly liable for the payment of all instalments and calls and interest due in respect of such shares. Such joint holders shall be deemed to be one Member and the delivery of a certificate for a share to one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all such holders.  
    Joint holders. 
                      17.      No person shall be recognised by the Company as having title to a fractional part of a share or otherwise than as the sole or a joint holder of the entirety of such share. 
    Fractional part of a share. 
                      18.      If by the conditions of allotment of any shares the whole or any part of the amount of the issue price thereof shall be payable by instalments every such instalment shall, when due, be paid to the Company by the person who for the time being shall be the registered holder of the share or his personal representatives, but this provision shall not affect the liability of any allottee who may have agreed to pay the same. 
    Payment of instalments. 
                      19.      The certificate of title to shares in the capital of the Company shall be issued under the Seal or (where required under the Act) the official seal for use abroad, in such form as the Directors shall from time to time prescribe and shall bear (a) the autographic or facsimile signatures of at least one Director and the Secretary or some other person appointed by the Directors where the Seal is affixed, or (b) the autographic or facsimile signature of any person authorised by the Directors where the official seal for use abroad is affixed, and shall specify the number and class of shares to which it relates, whether the shares are fully or partly paid up, and the amount (if any) unpaid thereon. The facsimile signatures may be reproduced by mechanical or other means approved by the Directors.  
    Share Certificates. 
                      20.      Every person whose name is entered as a Member in the Register shall be entitled within two months after allotment or within one month after the lodgement of any transfer to one certificate for all his shares of any one class or to several certificates in reasonable denominations each for a part of the shares so allotted or transferred. Where a Member transfers only part of the shares comprised in a certificate or where a Member requires the Company to cancel any certificate or certificates and issue new certificates for the purpose of subdividing his holding in a different manner the old certificate or certificates shall be cancelled and a new certificate or certificates for the balance of such shares issued in lieu thereof and the Member shall pay a fee not exceeding $2/- for each such new certificate as the Directors may determine.  
    Entitlement to certificate. 
                      21.      If any certificate or other document of title to shares or debentures be worn out or defaced, then upon production thereof to the Directors, they may order the same to be cancelled and may issue a new certificate in lieu thereof. For every certificate so issued there shall be paid to the Company a fee not exceeding $2/- as the Directors may determine. Subject to the provisions of the Statutes and the requirements of the Directors thereunder, if any certificate or document be lost or destroyed or stolen, then upon proof thereof to the satisfaction of the Directors and on such indemnity as the Directors deem adequate being given, and on the payment of a fee not exceeding $2/- as the Directors may determine, a new certificate or document in lieu thereof shall be given to the person entitled to such lost or destroyed or stolen certificate or document.  
    New certificates may be issued. 

6 

RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER OF SHARES 
                                 22.      (A)    Subject to this Constitution, any Member may transfer all or any of his shares, but every transfer must be in writing and in the usual common form, or in any other form which the Directors may approve. The instrument of transfer of a share shall be signed by the transferor and the witness thereto and shall be effective although not signed or witnessed by or on behalf of the transferee. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of the share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register in respect thereof. Shares of different classes shall not be comprised in the same instrument of transfer. 
    Form of Transfer. 
                           (B)    All instruments of transfer which shall be registered shall be retained by the Company, but any instrument of transfer which the Directors may refuse to register shall (except in any case of fraud) be returned to the party presenting the same. 
    Retention of Transfers. 
                           (C)    No share shall in any circumstances be transferred to any infant or bankrupt person or person who is mentally disordered and incapable of managing himself or his affairs. 
    Infant, bankrupt or mentally disordered. 
                      23.      The Directors may, in their absolute discretion decline to register any transfer of shares upon which the Company has a lien and in the case of shares not fully paid up may refuse to register a transfer to a transferee of whom they do not approve; provided, however, that as required by the Act the Directors shall, within 30 days beginning with the day on which the application for a transfer of shares was made, serve a notice in writing to the applicant stating the facts which are considered to justify the refusal. 
    Directors' power to decline to register. 
                      24.      The Directors may decline to register any instrument of transfer unless: 
    Instrument of transfer. 

(a) 
    such fee not exceeding $2/- or such other sum as the Directors may from time to time require under the provisions of this Constitution, is paid to the Company in respect thereof; 

(b) 
    the instrument of transfer is deposited at the Office or at such other place (if any) as the Directors may appoint accompanied by a certificate of payment of stamp duty (if any), the certificates of the shares to which the transfer relates and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer and, if the instrument of transfer is executed by some other person on his behalf, the authority of the person to do the same; and 

(c) 
    the amount of proper duty (if any) with which each instrument of transfer is chargeable under any law for the time being in force relating to stamps is paid. 

7 

25.      The Company shall provide a book to be called "Register of Transfers" which shall be kept under the control of the Directors, and in which shall be entered the particulars of every transfer of shares. 
    Register of Transfers. 
                      26.      The Register may be closed at such times and for such periods not exceeding in the aggregate thirty days in any calendar year as the Directors may from time to time determine. 
    Closure of Register. 

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES 
    
                                  27.      In case of the death of a Member, the survivor or survivors, where the deceased was a joint holder, and the executors or administrators of the deceased, where he was a sole or only surviving holder, shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his interest in the shares, but nothing herein shall release the estate of a deceased Member (whether sole or joint) from any liability in respect of any share held by him. 
    Transmission on death. 
                       28.      Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of any Member may, upon producing such evidence of title as the Directors shall require, be registered as holder of the share upon giving to the Company notice in writing of such desire or transfer such share to some other person. If the person so becoming entitled shall elect to be registered himself, he shall deliver or send to the Company a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects. If he shall elect to have another person registered, he shall testify his election by executing to that person a transfer of the share. All the limitations, restrictions and provisions of this Constitution relating to the right to transfer and the registration of transfers shall be applicable to any such notice or transfer as aforesaid as if the death or bankruptcy of the Member had not occurred and the notice or transfer were a transfer executed by such Member. 
    Transmission of shares. 
                       29.      Save as otherwise provided by or in accordance with this Constitution a person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered holder of the share except that he shall not be entitled in respect thereof to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to Meetings of the Company until he shall have been registered as a Member in respect of the share. 
    Rights of unregistered executors and trustees. 
                       30.      There shall be paid to the Company in respect of the registration of any probate, letters of administration, certificate of marriage or death, power of attorney or other document relating to or affecting the title to any shares, such fee not exceeding $2/- as the Directors may from time to time require or prescribe.  
    Fee for registration of probate etc. 

CALLS ON SHARES  
                                 31.      The Directors may from time to time make such calls as they think fit upon the Members in respect of any moneys unpaid on their shares and not by the terms of the issue thereof made payable at fixed times, and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen days' notice specifying the time or times and place of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times and place so specified the amount called on his shares. A call may be revoked or postponed as the Directors may determine. 
    Calls on shares. 

8 

32.      A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising the call was passed and may be made payable by instalments. 
    Time when made. 
                      33.      If a sum called in respect of a share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof, the person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest on the sum due from the day appointed for payment thereof to the time of actual payment at such rate not exceeding ten per cent per annum as the Directors determine, but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of such interest wholly or in part. 
    Interest on calls. 
                      34.      Any sum which by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable upon allotment or at any fixed date, shall for all purposes of this Constitution be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date, on which, by the terms of issue, the same becomes payable, and in case of non-payment all the relevant provisions of this Constitution as to payment of interest and expenses, forfeiture or otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 
    Sum due on allotment. 
                      35.      The Directors may on the issue of shares differentiate between the holders as to the amount of calls to be paid and the times of payments. 
    Power to differentiate. 
                      36.      The Directors may, if they think fit, receive from any Member willing to advance the same all or any part of the moneys uncalled and unpaid upon the shares held by him and such payments in advance of calls shall extinguish, so far as the same shall extend, the liability upon the shares in respect of which it is made, and upon the moneys so received or so much thereof as from time to time exceeds the amount of the calls then made upon the shares concerned, the Company may pay interest at such rate not exceeding ten per cent per annum as the Member paying such sum and the Directors agree upon.  
    Payment in advance of calls. 

FORFEITURE AND LIEN 
                                37.      If any Member fails to pay in full any call or instalment of a call on the day appointed for payment thereof, the Directors may at any time thereafter serve a notice on such Member requiring payment of so much of the call or instalment as is unpaid together with any interest and expenses which may have accrued. 
    Notice requiring payment of calls. 
                     38.      The notice shall name a further day (not being less than fourteen days from the date of service of the notice) on or before which and the place where the payment required by the notice is to be made, and shall state that in the event of non-payment in accordance therewith the shares on which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. 
    Notice to state time and place. 
                     39.      If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with, any share in respect of which such notice has been given may at any time thereafter, before payment of all calls and interest and expenses due in respect thereof be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors to that effect. Such forfeiture shall include all dividends declared in respect of the forfeited share and not actually paid before the forfeiture. The Directors may accept a surrender of any share liable to be forfeited hereunder. 
    Forfeiture on non--compliance with notice. 
                     40.      A share so forfeited or surrendered shall become the property of the Company and may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of either to the person who was before such forfeiture or surrender the holder thereof or entitled thereto, or to any other person, upon such terms and in such manner as the Directors shall think fit, and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture or surrender may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. To give effect to any such sale, the Directors may, if necessary, authorise some person to transfer a forfeited or surrendered share to any such person as aforesaid. 
    Sale of 
  shares forfeited. 

9 

41.      A Member whose shares have been forfeited or surrendered shall cease to be a Member in respect of the shares, but shall notwithstanding the forfeiture or surrender remain liable to pay to the Company all moneys which at the date of forfeiture or surrender were payable by him to the Company in respect of the shares with interest thereon at ten per cent per annum (or such lower rate as the Directors may approve) from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment, but such liability shall cease if and when the Company receives payment in full of all such money in respect of the shares and the Directors may waive payment of such interest either wholly or in part. 
    Rights and liabilities of Members whose shares have been forfeited or surrendered. 
                      42.      The Company shall have a first and paramount lien and charge on every share (whether fully paid or not) registered in the name of each Member (whether solely or jointly with others) and on the dividends declared or payable in respect thereof for all calls and instalments due on any such share and interest and expenses thereon but such lien shall only be upon the specific shares in respect of which such calls or instalments are due and unpaid and to all dividends from time to time declared in respect of the shares. The Directors may resolve that any share shall for some specified period be exempt from the provisions of this article. 
    Company's lien. 
                      43.      The Company may sell in such manner as the Directors think fit any share on which the Company has a lien, but no sale shall be made unless some sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable nor until the expiration of fourteen days after notice in writing stating and demanding payment of the sum payable and of intention to sell in default shall have been given to the registered holder for the time being of the share or the person entitled thereto by reason of his death or bankruptcy. To give effect to any such sale, the Directors may authorise some person to transfer the shares sold to the purchaser thereof. 
    Sale of shares subject to lien. 
                      44.      The proceeds of the sale shall be received by the Company and applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and the residue, if any, shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale. 
    Application of proceeds of such sales. 
                      45.      A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director of the Company and that a share has been duly forfeited or surrendered or sold to satisfy a lien of the Company on a date stated in the declaration shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated therein as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share, and such declaration and the receipt of the Company for the consideration (if any) given for the share on the sale, re-allotment or disposal thereof together with the certificate of proprietorship of the share under Seal or as the case may be, official seal for use abroad delivered to a purchaser or allottee thereof shall (subject to the execution of a transfer if the same be required) constitute a good title to the share and the person to whom the share is sold, re-allotted or disposed of shall be registered as the holder of the share and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money (if any) nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, surrender, sale, re-allotment or disposal of the share. 
    Title to shares forfeited or surrendered or sold to satisfy a lien. 

ALTERATION OF CAPITAL 
                                 46.      Subject to any special rights for the time being attached to any existing class of shares, the new shares shall be issued upon such terms and conditions and with such rights and privileges annexed thereto as the General Meeting resolving upon the creation thereof shall direct and if no direction be given as the Directors shall determine subject to the provisions of this Constitution and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) such shares may be issued with a preferential or qualified right to dividends and in the distribution of assets of the Company or otherwise. 
    Rights and privileges of new shares. 

10 

47.      Except so far as otherwise provided by the conditions of issue or by this Constitution all new shares shall be subject to the provisions of this Constitution with reference to allotments, payment of calls, lien, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise. 
    New shares otherwise subject to provisions of this Constitution. 
                      48.      (A) The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: 
    
    Power to consolidate, subdivide, and redenominate shares. 

(a) 
    consolidate and divide all or any of its shares; 

(b) 
    subdivide its shares or any of them, subject to the provisions of the Act provided, however, that in such sub-division the proportion between the amount paid and the amount (if any) unpaid on each reduced share shall be the same as it was in the case of the share from which the reduced share is derived; and 

(c) 
    subject to the provisions of this Constitution and the Statutes, convert its share capital or any class of shares from one currency to another currency. 

(B)  The Company may by Special Resolution, subject to and in accordance with the Statutes, convert one class of shares into another class of shares. 
      
    Power to convert shares. 

49.      The Company may by Special Resolution reduce its share capital or any undistributable reserve in any manner, subject to any incident authorised and consent required by law. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing and article 8(B), upon cancellation of a share purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company pursuant to this Constitution and the Statutes, the number of issued shares of the Company shall be diminished by the number of the shares so cancelled and, where any such cancelled share was purchased or acquired out of the capital of the Company, the amount of share capital of the Company shall be reduced accordingly. 
    Power to reduce capital. 

STOCK  
    
                                 50.      The Company may by Ordinary Resolution convert any paid up shares into stock and may from time to time by like resolution reconvert any stock into paid up shares. 
    Power to convert into stock. 
                      51.      The holders of stock may transfer the same or any part thereof in the same manner and subject to the same articles as the shares from which the stock arose might have been transferred prior to conversion or as near thereto as circumstances admit but no stock shall be transferable except in such units as the Directors may from time to time determine. 
    Transfer of stock. 
                      52.      The holders of stock shall, according to the number of stock units held by them, have the same rights, privileges and advantages as regards dividend, return of capital, voting and other matters, as if they held the shares from which the stock arose; but no such privilege or advantage (except as regards dividend and return of capital and the assets on winding up) shall be conferred by the number of stock units which would not if existing in shares have conferred that privilege or advantage; and no such conversion shall affect or prejudice any preference or other special privileges attached to the shares so converted. 
    Rights of stockholders. 

11 

53.      All of the provisions of this Constitution that are applicable to paid up shares shall apply to stock and the words "share" and "shareholder" or similar expressions herein shall include "stock" or "stockholder". 
    Interpretation. 

GENERAL MEETINGS 
    
                               54.      (A)    Subject to the provisions of the Act the Company shall in each year hold an Annual General Meeting in addition to any other meetings in that year and not more than fifteen months shall elapse between the date of one Annual General Meeting of the Company and that of the next. Provided that so long as the Company holds its First Annual General Meeting within eighteen months of its incorporation, it need not hold it in the year of its incorporation or in the following year. 
    
                      (B)    All General Meetings other than Annual General Meetings shall be called Extraordinary General Meetings. 
    
                      (C)    The time and place of any General Meeting shall be determined by the Directors. 
    Annual 
  General Meeting. 
    
  Extraordinary General Meetings. 
    
  Time and place. 
                    55.      The Directors may, whenever they think fit, convene an Extraordinary General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meetings shall also be convened on such requisition or, in default, may be convened by such requisitionists, as provided by Section 176 of the Act. If at any time there are not within Singapore sufficient Directors capable of acting to form a quorum at a meeting of Directors, any Director may convene an Extraordinary General Meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors. 
    Calling Extraordinary General Meetings. 

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS 
    
                                 56.      Subject to the provisions of the Act as to Special Resolutions and special notice, at least fourteen days' notice in writing (exclusive both of the day on which the notice is served or deemed to be served and of the day for which the notice is given) of every General Meeting shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned to such persons (including the Auditors) as are under the provisions herein contained entitled to receive notice from the Company. Provided that a General Meeting notwithstanding that it has been called by a shorter notice than that specified above shall be deemed to have been duly called if it is so agreed: 
    Notice of Meetings. 
      (a) 
    in the case of an Annual General Meeting by all the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and 

(b) 
    in the case of an Extraordinary General Meeting by that number or majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote thereat, as is required by the Act. Provided also that the accidental omission to give notice to, or the non-receipt by any person entitled thereto shall not invalidate the proceedings at any General Meeting. 

12 

57.        (A)      Every notice calling a General Meeting shall specify the place and the day and hour of the Meeting, and there shall appear with reasonable prominence in every such notice a statement that a Member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and to vote instead of him and that a proxy need not be a Member of the Company.  
    
                      (B)      In the case of an Annual General Meeting, the notice shall also specify the Meeting as such. 
    
                      (C)      In the case of any General Meeting at which business other than routine business is to be transacted, the notice shall specify the general nature of the business; and if any resolution is to be proposed as a Special Resolution, the notice shall contain a statement to that effect. 
    Contents of notice. 

Notice of General Meeting for special business and Special Resolutions. 

58.      Routine business shall mean and include only business transacted at an Annual General Meeting of the following classes: 
    
    Routine business. 
      (a) 
    Declaring dividends; 

(b) 
    Reading, considering and laying the financial statements, the Directors  statement and Auditor s report, and other documents required to be attached to the financial statements; 

(c) 
    Appointing or re-appointing Directors to fill vacancies arising at the meeting on retirement whether by rotation or otherwise; and 

(d) 
    Appointing or re-appointing the Auditor and fixing the remuneration of the Auditor or determining the manner in which such remuneration is to be fixed. 

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS 
                               59.      No business shall be transacted at any General Meeting unless a quorum is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. Save as herein otherwise provided, the quorum at any General Meeting shall be Members holding in aggregate not less than 33 1/3 per cent of the total number of issued and fully paid shares in the capital of the Company for the time being, present in person or by proxy. For the purpose of this article, "Member  includes a person attending by proxy or by attorney or as representing a corporation which is a Member. 
    Quorum. 
                    60.      If within half an hour from the time appointed for the Meeting a quorum is not present, the Meeting if convened on the requisition of Members shall be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and place, or to such other day and at such other time and place as the Directors may determine, and if at such adjourned Meeting a quorum is not present within fifteen minutes from the time appointed for holding the Meeting, the Meeting shall be dissolved. No notice of any such adjournment as aforesaid shall be required to be given to the Members. 
    Adjournment if quorum not present. 

13 

61.      Subject to the provisions of the Act, a resolution in writing signed by every Member of the Company entitled to vote or being a corporation by its duly authorised representative shall have the same effect and validity as an Ordinary Resolution of the Company passed at a General Meeting duly convened, held and constituted, and may consist of several documents in the like form, each signed by one or more of such Members. 
    Resolution in writing. 
                    62.      The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside as chairman at every General Meeting. If there be no such Chairman or if at any Meeting he be not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the Meeting or be unwilling to act, the Members present shall choose some Director to be chairman of the Meeting or, if no Director be present or if all the Directors present decline to take the chair, one of their number present, to be chairman of the Meeting.  
    Chairman. 
                    63.      The chairman of any General Meeting may, with the consent of any Meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the Meeting) adjourn the Meeting from time to time (or sine die) and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a Meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more (or sine die), notice of the adjourned Meeting shall be given as in the case of the original Meeting. Save as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned Meeting. 
    Adjournment. 
                    64.      At any General Meeting a resolution put to the vote of the Meeting shall be decided on a show of hands unless a poll be (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded: 
    
  (a)     by the chairman of the Meeting; 
    
  (b)     by not less than three Members who are entitled to vote at the meeting and who are present in person or by proxy or by attorney or in the case of a corporation by a representative; 
    
  (c)      by any Member or Members present in person or by proxy or by  
  attorney or in the case of a corporation by a representative and representing not less than five per cent. of the total voting rights of all the Members having the right to vote at the Meeting; or 
    
  (d)     by any Member or Members present in person or by proxy or by  
  attorney or in the case of a corporation by a representative, holding shares conferring a right to vote at the meeting, being shares on which an aggregate sum has been paid up equal to not less than five per cent. of the total sum paid up on all the shares conferring that right. 
    
  Unless a poll be so demanded (and the demand be not withdrawn) a declaration by the chairman of the Meeting that a resolution has been carried or carried unanimously or by a particular majority or lost and an entry to that effect in the minute book shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. A demand for a poll may be withdrawn. 
    Method of voting. 
                    65.      If a poll be duly demanded (and the demand be not withdrawn) it shall be taken in such manner (including the use of ballot or voting papers) as the Chairman may direct and the result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. The Chairman may, and if so directed by the Meeting shall, appoint scrutineers and may adjourn the Meeting to some place and time fixed by him for the purpose of declaring the result of the poll. 
    Taking a poll. 

14 

66.      If any votes be counted which ought not to have been counted or might have been rejected, the error shall not vitiate the result of the voting unless it be pointed out at the same Meeting or at any adjournment thereof and not in any case unless it shall in the opinion of the Chairman be of sufficient magnitude. 
    Votes counted in error. 
                    67.      In the case of equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the chairman of the Meeting at which the show of hands takes place or at which the poll is demanded shall be entitled to a casting vote. 
    Chairman's casting vote. 
                    68.      A poll demanded on any question shall be taken either immediately or at such subsequent time (not being more than thirty days from the date of the Meeting) and place as the Chairman may direct. No notice need be given of a poll not taken immediately. 
    Time for taking a poll. 
                    69.      The demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of a Meeting for the transaction of any business, other than the question on which the poll has been demanded. 
    Continuance of business after demand for a poll. 

VOTES OF MEMBERS 
    
                               70.      Subject to this Constitution and to any special privileges or restrictions as to voting attached to any special class of shares hereinafter issued every Member who is entitled to vote and who is present in person or by proxy or attorney or in the case of a corporation by a representative shall:  
    
  (a)       on a show of hands, have one vote. Provided always that in the case of a Member who is represented by two proxies, only one of the two proxies as determined by that Member or, failing such determination, by the chairman of the Meeting (or by a person authorised by him) in his sole discretion, shall be entitled to vote on a show of hands; and 
    
  (b)        on a poll, have one vote for every share of which he holds or represents. 
    Voting rights of Members. 
                    71.      Where there are joint registered holders of any share any one of such persons may vote and be reckoned in a quorum at any Meeting either personally or by proxy or by attorney or in the case of a corporation by a representative as if he were solely entitled thereto and if more than one of such joint holders be so present at any Meeting that one of such persons so present whose name stands first in the Register in respect of such share shall alone be entitled to vote in respect thereof. Several executors or administrators of a deceased Member in whose name any share stands shall for the purpose of this article be deemed joint holders thereof. 
    Voting rights of joint holders. 
                    72.      A Member with mental disorder or whose person or estate is liable to be dealt with in any way under the law relating to mental disorders may vote whether on a show of hands or on a poll by his committee, curator bonis or such other person as properly has the management of his estate and any such committee, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy or attorney, provided that such evidence as the Directors may require of the authority of the person claiming to vote shall have been deposited at the Office not less than forty-eight hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting. 
    Voting rights of Members with mental disorder. 
                    73.      Subject to the provisions of this Constitution and the Act, every Member shall be entitled to be present and to vote at any General Meeting either personally or by proxy or by attorney or in the case of a corporation by a representative and to be reckoned in a quorum in respect of shares fully paid and in respect of partly paid shares where calls are not due and unpaid. 
    Right to vote. 
                    74.      No objection shall be raised as to the admissibility of any vote except at the Meeting or adjourned Meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at such Meeting shall be valid for all purposes. Any such objection made in due time shall be referred to the chairman of the Meeting whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 
    When objection to admissibility of votes may be made. 

15 

75.      On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy or by attorney or in the case of a corporation by its representative and a person entitled to more than one vote need not use all his votes or cast all the votes he uses in the same way. 
    Vote on a poll. 
                    76.           (A)     A Member may appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at the same General Meeting. 
    
                      (B)     In any case where a form of proxy appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the form of proxy. 
    
                      (C)     An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and: 
    
  (a)    in the case of an individual shall be: 
    
  (i)  signed by the appointor or by his attorney if the instrument is delivered personally or sent by post; or 
    
  (ii) authorised by that individual through such method and in such manner as may be approved by the Directors, if the instrument is submitted by electronic communication; and 
    
  (b)    in the case of a corporation shall be:  
    
  (i)  either under the common seal or signed on its behalf by an attorney or by a duly authorised officer of the corporation if the instrument is delivered personally or sent by post; or 
    
  (ii) authorised by that corporation through such method and in such manner as may be approved by the Directors, if the instrument is submitted by electronic communication. 
    
  The Directors may, for the purposes of articles 76(C)(a)(ii) and 76(C)(b)(ii), designate procedures for authenticating any such instrument, and any such instrument not so authenticated by the use of such procedures shall be deemed not to have been received by the Company. 
    
                      (D)    The signature on, or authorisation of, such instrument need not be witnessed. Where an instrument appointing a proxy is signed or authorised on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument of proxy pursuant to article 78, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid. 
    
                      (E)    The Directors may, in their absolute discretion: 
    
  (a)  approve the method and manner for an instrument appointing a proxy to be authorised; and 
    
  (b)  designate the procedure for authenticating an instrument appointing a proxy,  
    
  as contemplated in articles 76(C)(a)(ii) and 76(C)(b)(ii) for application to such Members or class of Members as they may determine. Where the Directors do not so approve and designate in relation to a Member (whether of a class or otherwise), article 76(C)(a)(i) and/or (as the case may be) article 76(C)(b)(i) shall apply.  
    Appointment of proxies. 

Execution of Proxies.  

Witness and authority. 

Directors may approve method and manner, and designate procedure, for electronic communications. 
                    77.      A proxy need not be a Member of the Company. 
    Proxy need not be a Member. 

16 

78.      (A)    An instrument appointing a proxy or the power of attorney or other authority, if any:  
    
  (a)  if sent personally or by post, shall be deposited at such place or one of such places (if any) as may be specified for that purpose in or by way of note to or in any document accompanying the notice convening the Meeting or adjourned Meeting (or, if no place is so specified, at the Office); or 
    
  (b)  if submitted by electronic communication, shall be received through such means as may be specified for that purpose in or by way of note to or in any document accompanying the notice convening the Meeting or adjourned Meeting,   
    
  and in either case, not less than forty-eight hours before the time appointed for the holding of the Meeting or adjourned Meeting or (in the case of a poll taken otherwise than at or on the same day as the Meeting or adjourned Meeting) for the taking of the poll at which it is to be used, and in default shall not be treated as valid unless the Directors otherwise determine. The instrument shall, unless the contrary is stated thereon, be valid as well for any adjournment of the Meeting as for the Meeting to which it relates; Provided always that an instrument of proxy or the power of attorney or other authority, if any, relating to more than one Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) having once been so delivered in accordance with this article 78 for the purposes of any Meeting shall not be required again to be delivered for the purposes of any subsequent Meeting to which it relates. 
    
                      (B)        The Directors may, in their absolute discretion, and in relation to such Members or class of Members as they may determine, specify the means through which instruments appointing a proxy may be submitted by electronic communications, as contemplated in article 78(A)(b). Where the Directors do not so specify in relation to a Member (whether of a class or otherwise), article 78(A)(a) shall apply.  
    Deposit of proxies. 

Directors may specify means for electronic communications. 

17 

79.      An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form with such variations if any as circumstances may require or in such other form as the Directors may accept and shall be deemed to include the right to demand or join in demanding a poll, to move any resolution or amendment thereto and to speak at the Meeting: 
    Form of proxies. 

FLEX LTD. 

"I/We, 
  "of  
  "a Member/Members of the above-named Company hereby appoint 
  "of 
  "or whom failing 
  "of 
  "to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf 
  "at the (Annual, Extraordinary or Adjourned, 
  "as the case may be) General Meeting of 
  "the Company to be held on the    day 
  "of    and at every adjournment 
  "thereof. 
    
  "As Witness my hand this    day of 
  "20 ." 
    
                 An instrument appointing a proxy shall, unless the contrary is stated thereon be valid as well for any adjournment of the Meeting as for the Meeting to which it relates and need not be witnessed. 

80.      A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy (which for the purposes of this Constitution shall also include a power of attorney) shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or mental disorder of the principal or revocation of the proxy, or of the authority under which the proxy was executed or the transfer of the share in respect of which the proxy is given, provided always that no intimation in writing of such death, mental disorder, revocation or transfer shall have been received by the Company at the Office (or such other place as may be specified for the deposit of instruments appointing proxies) before the commencement of the Meeting or adjourned Meeting (or in the case of a poll before the time appointed for the taking of the poll) at which the proxy is used. 
    Intervening death or mental disorder of principal not to revoke proxy. 
                    81.      Any corporation that is a Member of the Company may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any Meeting of the Company or of any class of Members of the Company and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member of the Company and such corporation shall for purposes of this Constitution (but subject to the Act) be deemed to be present in person at any such Meeting if the person so authorised is present thereat. 
    Corporations acting by representatives. 

18 

DIRECTORS 
    
                               82.      Subject to the other provisions of Section 145 of the Act, the number of the Directors, all of whom shall be natural persons, shall not be less than two nor, unless otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting, more than eleven. 
    Number of Directors. 
                    83.      A Director need not be a Member and shall not be required to hold any share qualification unless and until otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting but shall be entitled to attend and speak at General Meetings. 
    Qualification. 
                    84.      Subject to Section 169 of the Act, the remuneration of the Directors shall be determined from time to time by the Company in General Meeting, and shall be divisible among the Directors in such proportions and manner as they may agree and in default of agreement equally, except that in the latter event any Director who shall hold office for part only of the period in respect of which such remuneration is payable shall be entitled only to rank in such division for the proportion of remuneration related to the period during which he has held office. 
    Remuneration of Directors. 
                    85.      The Directors shall be entitled to be repaid all travelling or such reasonable expenses as may be incurred in attending and returning from meetings of the Directors or of any committee of the Directors or General Meetings or otherwise howsoever in or about the business of the Company in the course of the performance of their duties as Directors. 
    Travelling expenses. 
                    86.      Any Director who is appointed to any executive office or serves on any  committee or who otherwise performs or renders services, which in the opinion of the Directors are outside his ordinary duties as a Director, may, subject to Section 169 of the Act, be paid such extra remuneration as the Directors may determine. 
    Extra Remuneration. 
                    87.      (A)    Other than the office of Auditor, a Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company and he or any firm of which he is a member may act in a professional capacity for the Company in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on and to such terms (as to remuneration and otherwise) as the Directors may determine. Subject to the Act, no Director or intending Director shall be disqualified by his office from contracting or entering into any arrangement with the Company either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise nor shall such contract or arrangement or any contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be avoided nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by any such contract or arrangement by reason only of such Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relation thereby established. 
    
                      (B)    Every Director shall observe the provisions of Section 156 of the Act 
  relating to the disclosure of the interests of the Directors in transactions or proposed transactions with the Company or of any office held or property possessed by a Director which might create duties or interests in conflict with his duties or interests as a Director. Subject to such disclosure as required under the Act, a Director shall be entitled to vote in respect of any transaction or proposed transaction in which he is interested and he shall be taken into account in ascertaining whether a quorum is present.  
    
                      (C)    Where applicable, the provisions of this article 87 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
    Power of Directors to hold office of profit and to contract with Company. 

Directors to observe Section 156 of the Act. 

19 

88.           (A)    A Director may be or become a director of or hold any office or place of profit (other than as Auditor) or be otherwise interested in any company in which the Company may be interested as vendor, purchaser, shareholder or otherwise and unless otherwise agreed shall not be accountable for any fees, remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of or by virtue of his interest in such other company. 
    
                      (B)    The Directors may exercise the voting power conferred by the shares in any company held or owned by the Company in such manner and in all respects as the Directors think fit in the interests of the Company (including the exercise thereof in favour of any resolution appointing the Directors or any of them to be directors of such company or voting or providing for the payment of remuneration to the directors of such company) and any such Director of the Company may vote in favour of the exercise of such voting powers in the manner aforesaid notwithstanding that he may be or be about to be appointed a director of such other company. 
    Holding of office in other companies. 

Directors may exercise voting power conferred by Company's shares in another company. 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
    
                               89.      The Directors may from time to time appoint one or more of their body to be Chief Executive Officer or Chief Executive Officers (or the equivalent position or positions) of the Company and may from time to time (subject to the provisions of any contract between him or them and the Company) remove or dismiss him or them from office and appoint another or others in his or their places. 
    Appointment of the Chief Executive Officer. 
                    90.      A Chief Executive Officer (or a person holding an equivalent position) who is a Director shall not, while he continues to hold that office, be subject to retirement by rotation unless the Board of Directors determines otherwise at its sole discretion, at any time, and he shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors to retire by rotation but he shall, subject to the provisions of any contract between him and the Company, be subject to the same provisions as to resignation and removal as the other Directors of the Company and if he ceases to hold the office of Director from any cause he shall ipso facto and immediately cease to be a Chief Executive Officer (or hold such equivalent position). 
    Resignation, retirement and removal of the Chief Executive Officer. 
                    91.      Subject to Section 169 of the Act, the remuneration of a Chief Executive Officer (or a person holding an equivalent position) shall from time to time be fixed by the Directors and may, subject to this Constitution, be by way of salary or commission or participation in profits or by any or all of such modes. 
    Remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer. 
                    92.      The Directors may from time to time entrust to and confer upon a Chief Executive Officer (or a person holding an equivalent position) for the time being such of the powers exercisable under this Constitution by the Directors as they may think fit and may confer such powers for such time and to be exercised on such terms and conditions and with such restrictions as they think expedient and they may confer such powers either collaterally with or to the exclusion of and in substitution for all or any of the powers of the Directors in that behalf and may from time to time revoke, withdraw, alter or vary all or any of such powers. 
    Powers of the Chief Executive Officer. 

VACATION OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS 

20 

93.      The office of a Director shall be vacated in any one of the following events, namely: 
    
  (a)   if he becomes prohibited from being a Director by reason of any order made under the Act; 
    
  (b)   if he ceases to be a Director by virtue of any of the provisions of the Act or this Constitution; 
    
  (c)   subject to Section 145 of the Act, if he resigns by writing under his hand left at the Office; 
    
  (d)    he shall have a bankruptcy order made against him or if he shall make any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally;    
    
  (e)   if he becomes mentally disordered and incapable of managing himself or his affairs or if in Singapore or elsewhere an order shall be made by any court claiming jurisdiction in that behalf on the ground (however formulated) of mental disorder for his detention or for the appointment of a guardian or for the appointment of a receiver or other person (by whatever name called) to exercise powers with respect to his property or affairs; or 
    
  (f)   if he be absent from meetings of the Directors for a continuous period of six months without leave from the Directors and the Directors resolve that his office be vacated. 
    Vacation of office of Director. 
                    94.      At each Annual General Meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not more than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation. Provided, however, that no Director holding office as Chief Executive Officer (or an equivalent position) shall be subject to retirement by rotation unless otherwise determined in accordance with article 90 or be taken into account in determining the number of Directors to retire. 
    Retirement of Directors by rotation. 
                    95.      The Directors to retire in every year shall be those subject to retirement by rotation who have been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment. As between persons who became or were last re-elected Directors on the same day, those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. 
    Selection of Directors to retire. 
                    96.      The Company at the Meeting at which a Director retires under any provision of this Constitution may by Ordinary Resolution fill the office being vacated by electing thereto the retiring Director or some other person eligible for appointment. In default, the retiring Director shall be deemed to have been re-elected except in any of the following cases: 
    
  (a)     where at such Meeting it is expressly resolved not to fill such office or a resolution for the re-election of such Director is put to the Meeting and lost; 
    
  (b)     where such Director has given notice in writing to the Company that he is unwilling to be re-elected; or 
    
  (c)     where the default is due to the moving of a resolution in contravention of article 98. 
    
  The retirement shall not have effect until the conclusion of the Meeting except where a resolution is passed to elect some other person in the place of the retiring Director or a resolution for his re-election is put to the Meeting and lost and accordingly a retiring Director who is re-elected or deemed to have been re-elected will continue in office without a break. 
    Filling vacated office. 

21 

97.      In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of which special notice has been given remove any Director before the expiration of his period of office, notwithstanding anything in this Constitution or in any agreement between the Company and such Director but without prejudice to any claim he may have for damages for breach of any such agreement. The Company in General Meeting may appoint another person in place of a Director so removed from office and any person so appointed shall be treated for the purpose of determining the time at which he or any other Director is to retire by rotation as if he had become a Director on the day on which the Director in whose place he is appointed was last elected a Director. In default of such appointment, the vacancy so arising may be filled by the Directors as a casual vacancy. 
    Removal of Directors. 
                    98.      At any General Meeting of the Company, a motion for the appointment of two or more persons as Directors by a single resolution shall not be made unless a resolution that it shall be so moved has first been agreed to by the Meeting without any vote being given against it, and any resolution passed in contravention of this provision shall be void. 
    Appointment of two or more persons as Directors. 
                    99.      Subject to the Act, no person other than a Director retiring at the General Meeting shall, unless recommended for election by the Directors, be eligible for appointment as a Director at any General Meeting unless a Member shall lodge at the Office a written notice of the proposed nomination not less than 45 days (exclusive of the date on which the notice is given) prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Company first mailed its proxy statement for the prior year s Annual General Meeting. Such notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the Member proposes to nominate for election or re--election as a Director, all information relating to such person that may be required to be disclosed under applicable laws governing the Company's solicitations for proxies for election of Directors (including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a Director if elected); and (b) as to the Member giving the notice, all information relating to such Member that may be required to be disclosed under applicable laws governing the Company's solicitations of proxies for election of Directors (including such person's name and address, as they appear on the Register of Members of the Company). The Company may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a Director. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a person recommended by the Directors for election, seven clear days' notice only shall be necessary.  
    Notice of intention to appoint Director. 
                   100.      The Directors shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint any person to be a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional Director but so that the total number of Directors shall not at any time exceed the maximum number fixed by or in accordance with this Constitution. Any person so appointed by the Directors shall hold office only until the next Annual General Meeting and shall then be eligible for re-election, but shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at such Meeting. 
    Directors' power to fill casual vacancies and to appoint additional Director. 

22 

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS 
    
                              101.     (A)         Any Director may at any time by writing under his hand and deposited at the Office or delivered at a meeting of the Directors appoint any person to be his Alternate Director and may in like manner at any time terminate such appointment.  
    
                       (B)          A Director or any other person may act as an Alternate Director to represent more than one Director and such Alternate Director shall be entitled at Directors' meetings to one vote for every Director whom he represents in addition to his own vote if he is a Director. 
    
                       (C)         The appointment of an Alternate Director shall ipso facto determine on the happening of any event which if he were a Director would render his office as a Director to be vacated and his appointment shall also determine ipso facto if his appointor ceases for any reason to be a Director. 
    
                       (D)         An Alternate Director shall be entitled to receive notices of meetings of the Directors and to attend and vote as a Director at any such meeting at which the Director appointing him is not personally present and generally, if his appointor is absent from Singapore or is otherwise unable to act as such Director, to perform all functions of his appointment as a Director (except the power to appoint an Alternate Director) and to sign any resolution in accordance with the provisions of article 107. 
    
                       (E)         An Alternate Director shall not be taken into account in reckoning the minimum or maximum number of Directors allowed for the time being under this Constitution but he shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning whether a quorum is present at any meeting of the Directors attended by him at which he is entitled to vote. Provided, however, that he shall not constitute a quorum under article 104 if he is the only person present at the meeting notwithstanding that he may be an Alternate to more than one Director. 
    
                       (F)         An Alternate Director may be repaid by the Company such expenses as might properly be repaid to him if he were a Director and he shall be entitled to receive from the Company such proportion (if any) of the remuneration otherwise payable to his appointor as such appointor may by notice in writing to the Company from time to time direct, but save as aforesaid he shall not in respect of such appointment be entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company. 
    
                       (G)         An Alternate Director shall not be required to hold any share qualification. 
    Appointment of Alternate Directors. 
    
  Voting and Capacity. 

Determination of appointment of Alternate Directors. 
    
  Powers of Alternate Directors. 

Quorum. 

Alternate Directors  remuneration. 
    
  No share qualification. 

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS 
                              102.      (A)    The Directors may meet together for the despatch of business, adjourn or otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit. Subject to the provisions of this Constitution questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes and in case of an equality of votes the Chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote. 
    
                       (B)        The Directors may hold or participate in a meeting of the Directors by means of a conference telephone or a video conference telephone or similar communications equipment whereby all persons participating in the meeting can hear and be heard by all other participants at the same time. Such participation shall constitute presence in person. Any such meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the person taking 
    Meetings of Directors. 

Participation in a meeting by conference telephone or video conference telephone. 

23 

the minutes of the meeting is situated or at such place otherwise agreed upon by the Directors attending such meeting, provided that at least one of the Directors present at the meeting was at such place otherwise agreed upon for the duration of the meeting. The Directors participating in any such meeting shall be counted in the quorum for such meeting and subject to there being a requisite quorum under this Constitution, all resolutions agreed to by the Directors in such meeting shall be deemed to be as effective as a resolution passed at a meeting in person of the Directors duly convened and held. 
    
                       (C)       In the case of a meeting which is not held in person, the fact that a Director is taking part in the meeting must be made known to all the other Directors taking part and no Director may disconnect or cease to take part in the meeting unless he makes known to all other Directors taking part that he is ceasing to take part in the meeting. 
      
                   103.      A Director may and the Secretary on the requisition of a Director shall at any time summon a meeting of the Directors. 
    Convening meetings of Directors. 
                   104.      The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors and unless so fixed at any other number shall be two. A meeting of the Directors at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise all the powers and discretions for the time being exercisable by the Directors. 
    Quorum. 
                   105.      The continuing Directors may act notwithstanding any vacancies but if and so long as the number of Directors is reduced below the minimum number fixed by or in accordance with this Constitution the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of filling up such vacancies or of summoning General Meetings of the Company but not for any other purpose. If there be no Directors or Director able or willing to act, then any two Members may summon a General Meeting for the purpose of appointing Directors. 
    Proceedings in case of vacancies. 
                   106.      The Directors may from time to time elect from their number a Chairman and if desired a Deputy Chairman and determine the period for which he is or they are to hold office. The Deputy Chairman will perform the duties of the Chairman during the Chairman's absence for any reason. The Chairman and in his absence the Deputy Chairman shall preside as Chairman at meetings of the Directors but if no such Chairman or Deputy Chairman be elected or if at any meeting the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman be not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the Directors present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of such meeting. 
    Chairman and Deputy Chairman. 
                   107.      A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors for the time being and being not less than are sufficient to form a quorum shall be as effective as a resolution passed at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held, and may consist of several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of the Directors. Provided, however, that, when a Director has appointed an Alternate Director, the Director or (in lieu of the Director) his Alternate may sign. The expressions "in writing  and "signed" include approval by any such Director by telefax or any form of electronic communication approved by the Directors for such purpose from time to time, which incorporates, as the Directors deem necessary, the use of security and/or identification procedures and devices approved by the Directors. 
    Resolutions in writing. 
                   108.      The Directors may delegate any of their powers to committees consisting of such member or members of their body as they think fit. Any committee so formed shall, in the exercise of the powers so delegated, conform to any regulations that may be imposed on them by the Directors. 
    Power to appoint committees. 

24 

109.      The meetings and proceedings of any such committee consisting of two or more members shall be governed mutatis mutandis by the provisions of this Constitution regulating the meetings and proceedings of the Directors, so far as the same are applicable and are not superseded by any regulations made by the Directors under the last preceding article. 
    Proceedings at committee meetings. 
                   110.      All acts done by any meeting of Directors or of a committee of Directors or by any person acting as Director shall, as regards all persons dealing in good faith with the Company, notwithstanding that there was some defect in the appointment of any such Director or person acting as aforesaid or that they or any of them were disqualified or had vacated office or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and was qualified and had continued to be a Director and had been entitled to vote. 
    Validity of acts of Directors in spite of some formal defect. 

GENERAL POWERS OF THE DIRECTORS 
    
                              111.      The business of the Company shall be managed by, or under the direction or supervision of the Directors who (in addition to the powers and authorities by this Constitution or otherwise expressly conferred upon them) may exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Company and are not hereby or by the Act expressly directed or required to be exercised or done by the Company in General Meeting and in particular and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing the Directors may at their discretion exercise every borrowing power vested in the Company by this Constitution or permitted by law together with collateral power of hypothecating the assets of the Company including any uncalled or called but unpaid capital; provided, however, that the Directors shall not carry into effect any proposals for disposing of the whole or substantially the whole of the Company's undertaking or property unless those proposals have been approved by the Company in General Meeting. 
    General powers of Directors to manage Company's business. 
                   112.      (A)    The Directors may from time to time by power of attorney under the Seal or as the case may be, the official seal for use abroad appoint any company, firm or person or any fluctuating body of persons whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors to be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under this Constitution) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such power of attorney may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with such attorney as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney to subdelegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him. 
    
                        (B)     The Company or the Directors on behalf of the Company may in exercise of the powers in that behalf conferred by the Act cause to be kept a Branch Register or Registers of Members and the Directors may (subject to the provisions of the Act) make and vary such regulations as they may think fit in respect of the keeping of any such Branch Register. 
    Power to appoint attorneys. 

Registers. 
                   113.      All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, and other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for moneys paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed, as the case may be, in such manner as the Directors shall from time to time by Resolution determine. 
    Cheques, etc. 

25 

BORROWING POWERS 
    
                              114.      Subject as hereinafter provided and to the provisions of the Act, the Directors may borrow or raise money from time to time for the purpose of the Company or secure the payment of such sums as they think fit and may secure the repayment or payment of such sums by mortgage or charge upon all or any of the property or assets of the Company or by the issue of debentures or otherwise as they may think fit. 
    Directors' borrowing powers. 

SECRETARY 
    
                              115.      The Secretary or Secretaries shall and a Deputy or Assistant Secretary or Secretaries may be appointed by the Directors for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions as they may think fit, and any Secretary, Deputy or Assistant Secretary so appointed may be removed by them, but without prejudice to any claim he may have for damages for breach of any contract of service between him and the Company. The appointment and duties of the Secretary or Secretaries shall not conflict with the provisions of the Act and in particular Section 171 thereof. 
    Secretary. 

SEAL 
    
                              116.      (A)    The Directors shall provide for the safe custody of the Seal and the official seal for use abroad, which shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or a committee of Directors authorised by the Directors in that behalf.  
    
                       (B)         Every instrument to which the Seal shall be affixed shall (subject to the provisions of this Constitution as to certificates for shares) be signed by a Director and shall be countersigned by the Secretary or by a second Director or by some other person appointed by the Directors in place of the Secretary for the purpose.  
    
                       (C)         The Company may exercise the powers conferred by the Act with regard to having an official seal for use abroad, and such powers shall be vested in the Directors. For the avoidance of doubt, the affixation of the official seal need not comply with the signature requirements prescribed by article 116(B), and need only comply with the execution formalities prescribed under the Act.  
    
                       (D)         The Company may have a duplicate Seal as referred to in Section 124 of the Act which shall be a facsimile of the Seal with the addition on its face of the words "Share Seal". 
    Seal. 
    
  Affixing Seal. 

Official seal. 

Share Seal. 

AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS 
                              117.      Any Director or the Secretary or any person appointed by the Directors for the purpose shall have power to authenticate any documents affecting the Constitution of the Company and any resolutions passed by the Company or the Directors, and any books, records, documents, accounts and financial statements relating to the business of the Company, and to certify copies thereof or extracts therefrom as true copies or extracts; and where any books, records, documents, accounts or financial statements are elsewhere than at the Office, the local manager and other officer of the Company having the custody thereof shall be deemed to be a person appointed by the Directors as aforesaid. 
    Power to authenticate documents. 

26 

118.      A document purporting to be a copy of a resolution of the Directors or an extract from the minutes of a meeting of Directors which is certified as such in accordance with the provisions of the last preceding article shall be conclusive evidence in favour of all persons dealing with the Company upon the faith thereof that such resolution has been duly passed or, as the case may be, that such extract is a true and accurate record of a duly constituted meeting of the Directors. 
    Certified copies of resolution of the Directors. 

DIVIDENDS 
                             119.      The Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends but (without prejudice to the powers of the Company to pay interest on share capital as hereinbefore provided) no dividend shall be payable except out of the profits of the Company, or in excess of the amount recommended by the Directors. 
    Declaration of dividends. 
                  120.      Subject to the rights of holders of shares with special rights as to dividend (if any), all dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid on the shares in respect whereof the dividend is paid, but (for the purposes of this article only) no amount paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated as paid on the share. All dividends shall be apportioned and paid pro rata according to the amount paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid, but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date such share shall rank for dividend accordingly. 
    Apportionment of dividends. 
                  121.      If and so far as in the opinion of the Directors the profits of the Company justify such payments, the Directors may pay the fixed preferential dividends on any express class of shares carrying a fixed preferential dividend expressed to be payable on a fixed date on the half-yearly or other dates (if any) prescribed for the payment thereof by the terms of issue of the shares, and subject thereto may also from time to time pay to the holders of any other class of shares interim dividends thereon of such amounts and on such dates as they may think fit. 
    Payment of preference and interim dividends. 
                  122.      No dividend or other moneys payable on or in respect of a share shall bear interest against the Company. 
    Dividends not to bear interest. 
                  123.      The Directors may deduct from any dividend or other moneys payable to any Member on or in respect of a share all sums of money (if any) presently payable by him to the Company on account of calls or in connection therewith. 
    Deduction of debts due to Company. 
                  124.      The Directors may retain any dividend or other moneys payable on or in respect of a share on which the Company has a lien and may apply the same in or towards satisfaction of the debts, liabilities or engagements in respect subject of which the lien exists. 
    Retention of dividends on shares subject to lien. 
                  125.      The Directors may retain the dividends payable on shares in respect of which any person is under the provisions as to the transmission of shares hereinbefore contained entitled to become a Member or which any person under those provisions is entitled to transfer until such person shall become a Member in respect of such shares or shall duly transfer the same. 
    Retention of dividends on shares pending transmission. 
                  126.      The payment by the Directors of any unclaimed dividends or other moneys payable on or in respect of a share into a separate account shall not constitute the Company a trustee in respect thereof. All dividends unclaimed after being declared may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Directors for the benefit of the Company and any dividend unclaimed after a period of six years from the date of declaration of such dividend shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company but the Directors may at any time thereafter at their absolute discretion annul any such forfeiture and pay the dividend so forfeited to the person entitled thereto prior to the forfeiture. 
    Unclaimed dividends or other moneys. 

27 

127.      The Company may, upon the recommendation of the Directors, by Ordinary Resolution direct payment of a dividend in whole or in part by the distribution of specific assets and in particular of paid up shares or debentures of any other company or in any one or more of such ways; and the Directors shall give effect to such Resolution and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they deem expedient and in particular may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the footing of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all parties and may vest any such specific assets in trustees as the Directors may deem expedient. 
    Payment of dividend in specie. 
                   128.      Any dividend or other moneys payable in cash on or in respect of a share may be paid by cheque or warrant sent through the post to the registered address of the Member or person entitled thereto, or, if several persons are registered as joint holders of the share or are entitled thereto in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder to any one of such persons or to such persons and such address as such persons may by writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent or to such person as the holder or joint holders or person or persons entitled to the share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder may direct and payment of the cheque if purporting to be endorsed or the receipt of any such person shall be a good discharge to the Company. Every such cheque or warrant shall be sent at the risk of the person entitled to the money represented thereby. 
    Dividends payable by cheque. 
                   129.      A transfer of shares shall not pass the right to any dividend declared on such shares before the registration of the transfer. 
    Effect of transfer. 

RESERVES 
    
                              130.      The Directors may from time to time set aside out of the profits of the Company and carry to reserve such sums as they think proper which, at the discretion of the Directors, shall be applicable for meeting contingencies or for the gradual liquidation of any debt or liability of the Company or for repairing or maintaining the works, plant and machinery of the Company or for special dividends or bonuses or for equalising dividends or for any other purpose to which the profits of the Company may properly be applied and pending such application may either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested. The Directors may divide the reserve into such special funds as they think fit and may consolidate into one fund any special funds or any parts of any special funds into which the reserve may have been divided. The Directors may also without placing the same to reserve carry forward any profits which they may think it not prudent to divide. 
    Power to carry profit to reserve. 

28 

BONUS ISSUES AND CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS AND RESERVES 
    
                              131.      The Company may, upon the recommendation of the Directors, by Ordinary Resolution: 
    
  (a)    issue bonus shares, for which no consideration is payable to the Company, to the Members holding shares in the Company in proportion to their then holdings of shares; and/or 
    
  (b)    capitalise any sum for the time being standing to the credit of any of the Company's reserve accounts or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution, provided that such sum is not required for paying the dividends on any shares carrying a fixed cumulative preferential dividend and accordingly that the Directors be authorised and directed to appropriate the sum resolved to be capitalised to the Members holding shares in the Company in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst them had the same been applied or been applicable in paying dividends and to apply such sum on their behalf either in or towards paying up the amounts (if any) for the time being unpaid on any shares held by such Members respectively, or in paying up in full new shares or debentures of the Company, such shares or debentures to be allotted and distributed and credited as fully paid up to and amongst such Members in the proportion aforesaid or partly in one way and partly in the other. 
    Power to issue free bonus shares and/or to capitalise reserves. 
                   132.      Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been passed, the Directors may do all acts and things considered necessary or expedient to give effect to any such bonus issue and/or capitalisation with full power to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit for any fractional entitlements which would arise on the basis aforesaid (including provisions whereby fractional entitlements are disregarded or the benefit thereof accrues to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for any such bonus issue and/or capitalisation and matters incidental thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members. 
    Power of Directors to give effect to bonus issues and/or capitalisations. 

MINUTES AND BOOKS 
                              133.      The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books to be provided for the purpose:  
  (a)     of all appointments of officers made by the Directors;  (b)     of the names of the Directors present at each meeting of Directors and of any committee of Directors; and  (c)     of all resolutions and proceedings at all Meetings of the Company and of any class of Members, of the Directors and of committees of Directors. 
    Minutes. 

29 

134.      The Directors shall duly comply with the provisions of the Act and in particular the provisions in regard to registration of charges, created by or affecting property of the Company, in regard to keeping the Register, a Register of Mortgages and Charges and a Register of Directors' Share and Debenture Holdings and in regard to the production and furnishing of copies of such Registers and of any Register of Holders of Debentures of the Company. 
    Keeping of Registers, etc. 
                   135.      Any register, index, minute book, book of accounts or other book required by this Constitution or by the Act to be kept by or on behalf of the Company may be kept either by making entries in bound books or by recording them in any other manner. In any case in which bound books are not used, the Directors shall take adequate precautions for guarding against falsification and for facilitating discovery. 
    Form of registers, etc. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
                              136.      The Directors shall cause to be kept such accounting and other records as are necessary to comply with the provisions of the Act and shall cause those records to be kept in such manner as to enable them to be conveniently and properly audited. 
    Directors to keep proper accounts. 
                   137.      Subject to the provisions of Section 199 of the Act, the books of accounts shall be kept at the Office or at such other place or places as the Directors think fit within Singapore. No Member (other than a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document or other recording of the Company except as is conferred by law or authorised by the Directors or by an Ordinary Resolution of the Company. 
    Location and inspection. 
                   138.      In accordance with the provisions of the Act, the Directors shall cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in General Meeting such financial statements, balance sheets, reports, statements and other documents as may be necessary. 
    Presentation of financial statements. 
                   139.      A copy of the financial statements and, if required, the balance sheet (including every document required by law to be attached thereto), which is duly audited and which is to be laid before the Company in General Meeting accompanied by a copy of the Auditor s report thereon, shall not less than fourteen days before the date of the Meeting be sent to every Member of the Company and to every other person who is entitled to receive notices from the Company under the provisions of the Act or under this Constitution. Provided always that this article shall not require a copy of these documents to be sent to any person of whose address the Company is not aware or to more than one of the joint holders of a share in the Company or the several persons entitled thereto in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a holder or otherwise but any Member to whom a copy of these documents has not been sent shall be entitled to receive a copy free of charge on application at the Office. 
    Copies of financial statements. 

AUDITORS 
                            140.      Auditors shall be appointed and their duties regulated in accordance with the provisions of the Act. Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the accounting and other records of the Company and shall make his report as required by the Act. 
    Appointment of Auditors. 
                 141.      Subject to the provisions of the Act, all acts done by any person acting as an Auditor shall, as regards all persons dealing in good faith with the Company, be valid, notwithstanding that there was some defect in his appointment or that he was at the time of his appointment not qualified for appointment. 
    Validity of acts of Auditors. 

30 

142.      The Auditors shall be entitled to attend any General Meeting and to receive all notices and other communications relating to any General Meeting to which any Member is entitled and to be heard at any General Meeting on any part of the business of the Meeting which concerns them as Auditors. 
    Auditors entitled to attend General Meetings. 

NOTICES 
    
                              143.      (A)    Any notice or document (including a share certificate) may be served on or delivered to any Member by the Company either personally or by sending it through the post in a prepaid cover addressed to such Member at his registered address appearing in the Register of Members. Where a notice or other document is served or sent by post, service or delivery shall be deemed to be effected at the time when the cover containing the same is posted and in proving such service or delivery it shall be sufficient to prove that such cover was properly addressed, stamped and posted. 
    
                       (B)         Without prejudice to the provisions of article 143(A), but subject otherwise to the Act and any regulations made thereunder relating to electronic communications, any notice or document (including, without limitation, any accounts, balance-sheet, financial statements or report) which is required or permitted to be given, sent or served under the Act or under this Constitution by the Company, or by the Directors, to a Member may be given, sent or served using electronic communications: 
    
  (a)    to the current address of that person; or  
    
  (b)    by making it available on a website prescribed by the Company from time to time, 
    
  in accordance with the provisions of this Constitution, and/or any other applicable regulations or procedures.  
    
    Service of notice. 

Electronic communications. 
        
                       (C)         For the purposes of article 143(B) above, a Member shall be deemed to have agreed to receive such notice or document by way of such electronic communications and shall not have a right to elect to receive a physical copy of such notice or document. 
      
  Implied consent. 
        
                       (D)         Notwithstanding article 143(C) above, the Directors may, at their discretion, at any time give a Member an opportunity to elect within a specified period of time whether to receive such notice or document by way of electronic communications or as a physical copy, and a Member shall be deemed to have consented to receive such notice or document by way of electronic communications if he was given such an opportunity and he failed to make an election within the specified time, and he shall not in such an event have a right to receive a physical copy of such notice or document. 
      
  Deemed consent. 

31 

(E)         Where a notice or document is given, sent or served by electronic communications: 
    
  (a)    to the current address of a person pursuant to article 143(B)(a), it shall be deemed to have been duly given, sent or served at the time of transmission of the electronic communication by the email server or facility operated by the Company or its service provider to the current address of such person (notwithstanding any delayed receipt, non-delivery or  returned mail  reply message or any other error message indicating that the electronic communication was delayed or not successfully sent), unless otherwise provided under the Act and/or any other applicable regulations or procedures; and 
    
  (b)    by making it available on a website pursuant to article 143(B)(b), it shall be deemed to have been duly given, sent or served on the date on which the notice or document is first made available on the website, or unless otherwise provided under the Act and/or any other applicable regulations or procedures. 
    
    When notice given by electronic communications deemed served. 
                           (F)         Where a notice or document is given, sent or served to a Member by making it available on a website pursuant to article 143(B)(b), the Company shall give separate notice to the Member of the publication of the notice or document on that website and the manner in which the notice or document may be accessed by any one or more of the following means: 
    
  (a)    by sending such separate notice to the Member personally or through the post pursuant to article 143(A); and/or 
    
  (b)    by sending such separate notice to the Member using electronic communications to his current address pursuant to article 143(B)(a).  
    
    Notice to be given of service on website. 
                           (G)         Notwithstanding this article 143, if the Company has a registered class of security under Section 12 of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, any manner of furnishing notices and documents using electronic communications must comply with applicable rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including Rule 14a-16 under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
      
                   144.      All notices and documents (including a share certificate) with respect to any shares to which persons are jointly entitled shall be given to whichever of such persons is named first on the Register and notice so given shall be sufficient notice to all the holders of such shares. 
    
    Service of notices in respect of joint holders. 
                   145.      Subject to article 143(B), any Member with a registered address shall be entitled to have served upon him at such address any notice to which he is entitled under this Constitution. 
    Members shall be served at registered address. 

32 

146.      A person entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member or otherwise upon supplying to the Company such evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show his title to the share, and upon supplying to the Company also an address for the service of notice, shall be entitled to have served upon or delivered to him at such address any notice or document to which the Member but for his death or bankruptcy or otherwise would be entitled and such service or delivery shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient service or delivery of such notice or document on all persons interested (whether jointly with or as claiming through or under him) in the share. Save as aforesaid any notice or document delivered or sent by post to or left at the registered address of any Member or given, sent or served to any Member using electronic communications in pursuance of this Constitution shall (notwithstanding that such Member be then dead or bankrupt or otherwise not entitled to such share and whether or not the Company have notice of the same) be deemed to have been duly served or delivered in respect of any share registered in the name of such Member as sole or first-named joint holder. 
    Service of notices after death, bankruptcy etc.  
                   147.      Any notice on behalf of the Company or of the Directors shall be deemed effectual if it purports to bear the signature of the Secretary or other duly authorised officer of the Company, whether such signature is printed or written. 
    Signature on notice. 
                   148.      When a given number of days' notice or notice extending over any other period is required to be given the day of service shall, unless it is otherwise provided or required by this Constitution or by the Act, not be counted in such number of days or period. 
    Day of service not counted. 
                   149.     (A)    Notice of every General Meeting shall be given in the manner hereinbefore authorised to: 
  (a)    every Member; 
    
  (b)    every person entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or otherwise of a Member who but for the same would be entitled to receive notice of the Meeting; and 
    
  (c)    the Auditor for the time being of the Company. 
    
                       (B)    No other person shall be entitled to receive notices of General Meetings. 
    
    Persons entitled to receive notice of General Meeting. 
                   150.      The provisions of articles 143, 147 and 148 shall apply mutatis mutandis to notices of meetings of Directors or any committee of Directors. 
    Notice of meetings of Directors or any committee of Directors. 

WINDING UP 
    
                              151.      If the Company is wound up (whether the liquidation is voluntary, under supervision, or by the Court) the Liquidator may, with the authority of a Special Resolution, divide among the Members in specie or kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and whether or not the assets shall consist of property of one kind or shall consist of properties of different kinds and may for such purpose set such value as he deems fair upon any one or more class or classes of property to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The Liquidator may, with the like authority, vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of Members as the Liquidator with the like authority thinks fit and the liquidation of the Company may be closed and the Company dissolved but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any shares or other securities in respect of which there is a liability. 
    Distribution of assets in specie. 

33 

INDEMNITY 
    
                              152.      Subject to the provisions of and so far as may be permitted by the Act and the Statutes, every Director, Auditor, Secretary or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified by the Company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred or to be incurred by him in the execution and discharge of his duties (including, without limitation, where he serves at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture or other enterprise) or in relation thereto. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, no Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company shall be liable for the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults of any other Director or officer or for joining in any receipt or other act for conformity or for any loss or expense happening to the Company through the insufficiency or deficiency of title to any property acquired by order of the Directors for or on behalf of the Company or for the insufficiency or deficiency of any security in or upon which any of the moneys of the Company shall be invested or for any loss or damage arising from the bankruptcy, insolvency or tortious act of any person with whom any moneys, securities or effects shall be deposited or left or for any other loss, damage or misfortune whatever which shall happen in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto unless the same shall happen through his own negligence, wilful default, breach of duty or breach of trust.  
    Indemnity of Directors and officers. 

SECRECY 
    
                              153.      No Member shall be entitled to require discovery of or any information respecting any detail of the Company's trade or any matter which may be in the nature of a trade secret, mystery of trade or secret process which may relate to the conduct of the business of the Company and which in the opinion of the Directors it will be inexpedient in the interest of the Members of the Company to communicate to the public save as may be authorised by law. 
    Secrecy. 

PERSONAL DATA 
    
                                154.      (A)    A Member who is a natural person is deemed to have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of his personal data (whether such personal data is provided by that Member or is collected through a third party) by the Company (or its agents or service providers) from time to time for any of the following purposes: 
    
  (a)    implementation and administration of any corporate action by the Company (or its agents or service providers); 
    
  (b)    internal analysis and/or market research by the Company (or its agents or service providers); 
    
  (c)    investor relations communications by the Company (or its agents or service providers); 
    
  (d)    administration by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of that Member s holding of shares in the Company; 
    
  (e)    implementation and administration of any service provided by the Company (or its agents or service providers) to its Members to receive notices of meetings, annual reports and other shareholder communications and/or for proxy appointment, whether by electronic means or otherwise; 
    
    Personal data of Members.  

34 

(f)    processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies and representatives appointed for any General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to any General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof); 
    
  (g)    implementation and administration of, and compliance with, any provision of this Constitution;  
    
  (h)    compliance with any applicable laws, listing rules, take-over rules, regulations and/or guidelines; and 
    
  (i)    purposes which are reasonably related to any of the above purposes. 
    
                      (B)       Any Member who appoints a proxy and/or representative for any General Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof is deemed to have warranted that where such Member discloses the personal data of such proxy and/or representative to the Company (or its agents or service providers), that Member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy and/or representative for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy and/or representative for the purposes specified in articles 154(A)(f) and 154(A)(h), and is deemed to have agreed to indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of such Member s breach of warranty. 

Personal data of proxies and/or representatives. 

35 

WE, the several persons whose names, addresses and descriptions are subscribed, are desirous of being formed into a Company in pursuance of this Memorandum of Association and respectively agree to take the number of shares in the capital of the Company set opposite our respective names: 

NAMES, ADDRESSES AND DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIBERS 
    Number of shares taken  
  by each Subscriber. 

Sgd. LUCIEN WONG YUEN KUAI 
  39 Chancery Lane,  
  #01-13, Villa Chancery,  
  Singapore 1130. 
    
  Advocate   Solicitor 

ONE ORDINARY SHARE 
      TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES TAKEN 
    ONE ORDINARY SHARE 

c/f.. ONE ORDINARY SHARE 

Dated this 31   st    day of May 1990. 

Witness to the above signature: 

Sgd.  
    JUNE LOW FUI SIAN  
     Advocate   Solicitor,  
  c/o Allen   Gledhill,  
  Advocates   Solicitors,  
  36 Robinson Road,  
  #18-01 City House,  
  Singapore 0106.  

36 

WE, the several persons whose names, addresses and descriptions are subscribed, are desirous of being formed into a Company in pursuance of this Memorandum of Association and respectively agree to take the number of shares in the capital of the Company set opposite our respective names: 

NAMES, ADDRESSES AND DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIBERS 
    Number of shares taken  
  by each Subscriber. 
        
  b/f.. 

Sgd. CHOO WAI HONG 
  21 Stevens Drive,  
  #03-21 Robin Heights, 
  Singapore 1025. 
    
  Advocate   Solicitor 

ONE ORDINARY SHARE 

ONE ORDINARY SHARE 
      TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES TAKEN 
    TWO ORDINARY SHARE 

Dated this 31   st    day of May 1990. 

Witness to the above signature: 

Sgd.  
    JUNE LOW FUI SIAN  
     Advocate   Solicitor,  
  c/o Allen   Gledhill,  
  Advocates   Solicitors,  
  36 Robinson Road,  
  #18-01 City House,  
  Singapore 0106.  

</EX-3.01>

<EX-15.01>
 3
 flex-exx1501x93016.htm
 EXHIBIT 15.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 15.01 
    
  LETTER IN LIEU OF CONSENT OF DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
    
  October 28, 2016    
    
  Flex Ltd. 
  2 Changi South Lane 
  Singapore 486123 
    
  We have reviewed, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the unaudited interim financial information of Flex Ltd., formerly Flextronics International Ltd., and subsidiaries for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, as indicated in our report dated    October 28, 2016  ; because we did not perform an audit, we expressed no opinion on that information. 
    
  We are aware that our report referred to above, which is included in your Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, is incorporated by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-207067 and 333-189496 on Form S-4 and 333-212267, 333-207035, 333-170710, 333-157210, 333-146549, 333-146548, 333-143331, 333-143330, 333-126419, 333-121302, 333-120056, 333-119387, 333-103189 and 333-75526 on Form S-8. 
    
  We also are aware that the aforementioned report, pursuant to Rule 436(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, is not considered a part of the Registration Statement prepared or certified by an accountant or a report prepared or certified by an accountant within the meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of that Act.  
    
  /s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
    
  San Jose, California 

</EX-15.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 flex-exx3101x93016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.01 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Michael M. McNamara, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Flex Ltd.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:    October 28, 2016    
    
                 /s/ Michael M. McNamara 
      
      Michael M. McNamara 
      
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 flex-exx3102x93016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.02 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Christopher Collier, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Flex Ltd.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:    October 28, 2016    
                 /s/ Christopher Collier 
      
      Christopher Collier 
      
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 flex-exx3201x93016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.01 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  We, Michael M. McNamara and Christopher Collier, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Flex Ltd. (the  Company ), hereby certify, to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Flex Ltd. and will be retained by it and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
     
                   Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
    /s/ Michael M. McNamara 

Michael M. McNamara 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
    /s/ Christopher Collier 

Christopher Collier 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 flex-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 flex-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 flex-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 flex-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 flex-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 flex-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

