<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_1617798_0001617798-16-000100_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5793113</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115491</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>450139</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1790108</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2505047</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>829940</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001617798-16-000100.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028083822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001617798-16-000100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PennTex Midstream Partners, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001617798
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37412
		FILM NUMBER:		161957037

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11931 WICKCHESTER LANE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-456-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11931 WICKCHESTER LANE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001617798-16-000100.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 q316ptxpform10q.htm
 PTXP 3RD QTR 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

Commission file number 001-37412 
  
  PennTex Midstream Partners, LP 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

47-1669563 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.                    Yes        x        No         o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).        Yes        x       No       o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)                 Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer   o 
      Non-accelerated filer   x   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes   o        No   x 
  As of   October 24, 2016  , the registrant had   20,184,020   common units and   20,000,000   subordinated units outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Glossary of Terms  
    i 
       CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    ii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet  
    1 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations  
    2 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
    3 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
    4 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    27 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    28 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    29 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    29 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    29 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    29 

SIGNATURE  
    30 

Table of Contents  

GLOSSARY OF INDUSTRY AND OTHER COMMONLY-USED TERMS  
  AMI and Exclusivity Agreement:   the Amended   Restated Area of Mutual Interest and Midstream Exclusivity Agreement dated as of April 14, 2015 among PennTex NLA Holdings, LLC, Range Louisiana Operating LLC and PennTex North Louisiana, LLC, as amended. 
  Bbl or barrel:   One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in reference to oil, NGLs or other liquid hydrocarbons.  
  Bbl/d:   Bbl per day.    
  Btu:   British thermal units.  
  Cotton Valley formation:   A prolific natural gas play spread across East Texas, northern Louisiana and southern Arkansas. This formation has been under development since the 1930s and is characterized by thick, multi-zone natural gas and oil reservoirs with well-known geologic characteristics and long-lived, predictable production profiles. The depth of the Cotton Valley formation is roughly 7,800 to 10,000 feet.  
  expansion capital expenditures:   Cash expenditures incurred to construct or acquire new midstream infrastructure and to extend the useful lives of our assets, reduce costs, increase revenues or increase system throughput or capacity from current levels.  
  field:   The general area encompassed by one or more oil or gas reservoirs or pools that are located on a single geologic feature or are otherwise closely related to the same geologic feature (either structural or stratigraphic).    
  hydrocarbon:   An organic compound containing only carbon and hydrogen.  
  maintenance capital expenditures:   Cash expenditures (including expenditures for the construction of new capital assets or the replacement or improvement of existing capital assets) made to maintain, over the long term, our operating capacity, throughput or revenue.  
  Mcf:   One thousand cubic feet of natural gas.  
  MDth:   A dekatherm, which is a unit of energy equal to 10,000 therms or one billion Btus. 
  MDth/d  : MDth per day. 
  MMBtu:   One million British thermal units.  
  MMcf:   One million cubic feet of natural gas.  
  MMcf/d:   One million cubic feet per day.  
  natural gas:   Hydrocarbon gas found in the earth, composed of methane, ethane, butane, propane and other gases.  
  NGLs:   Natural gas liquids, which consist primarily of ethane, propane, isobutane, normal butane and natural gasoline.  
  oil:   Crude oil and condensate.  
  Terryville Complex:   A natural gas field located in and around Lincoln Parish, Louisiana within the Cotton Valley formation. This field has been producing since 1954 and provides multiple zones of highly productive, liquids-rich geology. The Terryville Complex is characterized by high recoveries relative to drilling and completion costs and high initial production rates with high liquid yields.  
  throughput:   The volume of product transported or passing through a pipeline, plant, terminal or other facility.  
  
   i 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    
  Some of the information in this quarterly report may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or forecasts of future events. Words such as  may,   assume,   forecast,   position,   predict,   strategy,   expect,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   anticipate,   believe,   project,   budget,   potential  or  continue,  and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. They can be affected by assumptions used or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ) and those set forth from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), which are available through our website at www.penntex.com and through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Actual results may vary materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include:  
             
    the status, timing and outcome of the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement (as defined herein); 
                
    events that may occur subsequent to the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, including events that directly impact our business; 
                
    our primary customer s inability to successfully execute its drilling and development plan in northern Louisiana on a timely basis or at all;  
        our ability to successfully implement our business strategy;  
     realized natural gas, NGL and oil prices;  
     competition and government regulations;  
     actions taken by third-party producers, operators, processors and transporters;  
     pending legal or environmental matters;  
     costs of conducting our midstream operations;  
     general economic conditions;  
     credit markets;  
     operating hazards, natural disasters, weather-related delays, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control;  
     uncertainty regarding our future operating results; and  
     plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this quarterly report that are not historical.  
  We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties incident to our midstream business, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, inflation, environmental risks, drilling and completion and other operating risks, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in projecting future rates of production, cash flow and access to capital, the timing of development expenditures and the other risks referenced under  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of the 2015 Form 10-K.  
  Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this quarterly report occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.  
  All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this quarterly report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue.  
  Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this quarterly report.  
  
   ii 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET    
  (  in thousands, except outstanding units)   

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS    
  (  in thousands, except per unit amounts  )  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    
  (in thousands)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  UNAUDITED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY    
  (in thousands)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

1  . Organization and Business Operations 
  Organization  
  PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (the  Partnership ) is a growth oriented limited partnership formed by PennTex Midstream Partners, LLC ( PennTex Development ) to own, operate and develop midstream assets. On June 9, 2015, the Partnership completed its initial public offering (the  Offering ) of   11,250,000   common units representing limited partner interests at a price of   $20.00   per unit, and the Partnership subsequently sold   644,462   common units pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option. The Partnership s common units trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  PTXP.  
  PennTex Development was formed by members of its management team and Natural Gas Partners ( NGP ) to develop multi-basin midstream growth platforms focused on organic growth projects in partnership with oil and natural gas producers. On March 17, 2014, PennTex NLA Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PennTex Development ( PennTex NLA ), entered into a joint venture, PennTex North Louisiana, LLC ( PennTex Operating ), with MRD WHR LA Midstream LLC, an affiliate of NGP ( MRD WHR LA ), to develop the Partnership s initial assets.  
  In connection with the closing of the Offering (and giving effect to the partial exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option), PennTex NLA and MRD WHR LA contributed their respective   62.5%   and   37.5%   membership interests in PennTex Operating to the Partnership in exchange for cash, common units and subordinated units. PennTex NLA subsequently distributed all of the cash, common units and subordinated units it received to PennTex Development. As of   September 30, 2016  , PennTex Development holds   3,262,019   common units and   12,500,000   subordinated units in the Partnership. Additionally, in connection with the closing of the Offering, the Partnership issued   92.5%   and   7.5%   of its incentive distributions rights ( IDRs ) to PennTex Development and MRD WHR LA, respectively, and PennTex Development conveyed a   7.5%   interest in the Partnership s general partner (the  general partner ) to MRD WHR LA. MRD WHR LA subsequently distributed the IDRs and interests in the general partner to its members.  
  On October 25, 2016, the Partnership announced that PennTex Development had entered into a Contribution Agreement (the  Contribution Agreement ) with certain affiliates of NGP, certain other contributors and Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. ( Energy Transfer ). Pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Contribution Agreement, Energy Transfer has agreed to acquire (i)   100%   of the membership interests in PennTex Development; (ii)   6,301,596   common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership and   20,000,000   subordinated units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership; (iii)   100%   of the membership interests in the general partner; and (iv)   100%   of the Partnership s incentive distribution rights.  
  The transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement are expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2016, subject to customary closing conditions. Upon the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, Energy Transfer will own the general partner of, and will control, the Partnership, and will own approximately   65%   of the outstanding limited partner interests in the Partnership. 
  Business 
  The Partnership s assets are located in the Terryville Complex in northern Louisiana and consist of a rich natural gas gathering system,   two   cryogenic natural gas processing plants with a combined design capacity of   400   MMcf/d and residue gas and NGL transportation pipelines. The Partnership s assets were completed in 2015. In addition to these assets, the Partnership expects to pursue opportunities for organic development in the region. 
  Range Louisiana Operating LLC ( RRC Operating ), formerly known as MRD Operating LLC, is the Partnership s primary customer. On September 16, 2016, Range Resources Corporation ( Range Resources ) completed its previously announced acquisition of Memorial Resource Development Corp. ( Memorial Resource ), and RRC Operating became a wholly owned subsidiary of Range Resources. Prior to the completion of the acquisition, RRC Operating was a wholly owned subsidiary of Memorial Resource, an affiliate of NGP, and was a related party of the Partnership. In connection with the acquisition, MRD Operating LLC changed its name to Range Louisiana Operating LLC. As of September 16, 2016, RRC Operating ceased to be a related party.  
  The Partnership operates and manages the business as   one   reportable segment. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  
  
   5 

Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2  . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
  Basis of Presentation  
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the requirements of Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, these statements include all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals, unless otherwise disclosed in this quarterly report) necessary for their fair presentation. The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements do not include all notes that would be included in the Partnership s annual financial statements and therefore should be read in conjunction with the historical audited financial statements of PennTex Operating and the footnotes thereto included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the  2015 Form 10-K ).  
  The statement of operations included in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements also includes expense allocations for certain partnership functions performed by PennTex Development, including allocations of general corporate expenses related to executive oversight, accounting, treasury, tax, legal and procurement and information technology. These allocations are based primarily on specific identification of time and/or activities associated with pre-construction, construction and operating activities, employee headcount or capital expenditures. Management believes the assumptions underlying the financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general and administrative expenses from PennTex Development, are reasonable. General and administrative expenses allocated to the Partnership for which the Partnership will reimburse PennTex Development are reflected as a payable due to a related party.  
  These financial statements include the results of operations for PennTex Operating prior to the closing of the Offering on June 9, 2015. As PennTex Operating was under common control with the Partnership prior to the Offering and the Partnership acquired all of the membership interests of PennTex Operating in connection with the closing of the Offering, the contributed assets and liabilities of PennTex Operating were recorded in the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership at historical cost. Prior to the contribution, the Partnership had no operations and nominal assets and liabilities.  
  Use of Estimates  
  The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, the reported amounts of expense and disclosure of contingencies. This includes estimates made in the assessment of potential impairment of long-lived assets and estimates used to calculate allocation of expenses from PennTex Development. The Partnership s valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely on projections of future operating performance. Although management believes these estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from such estimates.  
  Revenue Recognition    
  The Partnership earns revenue from gathering, processing and transportation services provided to its customers. Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or service obligations have been fulfilled, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. For commercial agreements that provide for specified minimum volume commitments and variable rates, the Partnership recognizes revenue based on a weighted average rate over the term of the agreements. 
  Deferred Revenue 
  The Partnership s processing agreement with RRC Operating requires RRC Operating to pay a fee based on the volume of gas actually processed, subject to a cumulative minimum volume commitment that is measured as of the end of each quarterly period. To the extent that RRC Operating has not delivered the applicable cumulative minimum volume commitment as of the end of a quarterly period, RRC Operating is required to pay a deficiency fee to the Partnership. The amount paid to the Partnership as a deficiency fee is characterized as unearned revenue. The Partnership invoices RRC Operating based upon the applicable rates specified in the processing agreement for the services provided and recognizes revenue based on a weighted average rate over the term of the agreement. The excess of the fees invoiced under the processing agreement compared to the fees recognized as revenue are characterized as unearned revenue. Unearned revenue is reported as deferred revenue and included in other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
  Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue once all contingencies or potential performance obligations associated with the related volumes have either been satisfied or expired. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had deferred revenue included in other non-current liabilities of   $14.3 million  , of which   $6.2 million   was generated during the three months ended  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2016  . See Note 9  Commitments and Contingencies  for further discussion of the RRC Operating processing agreement. As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership had   no   deferred revenue.  
  Accounting Policies 
  The accounting policies followed by the Partnership are set forth in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the 2015 Form 10-K.  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include all of the Partnership s accounts and the accounts of its subsidiaries. There were no significant changes to the Partnership s accounting policies during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) amended its guidance on revenue recognition. The core principle of those accounting standards updates ( ASU ) is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with earlier adoption permitted for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. This guidance may be adopted either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Partnership anticipates adopting this guidance in fiscal 2018 and is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that requires the balance sheet recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for leases previously classified as operating leases under prior GAAP. The lease assets recognized in the balance sheet will represent a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The lease liability recognized in the balance sheet will represent the lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis. The Partnership will be required to adopt the new standard in annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2019. Lessees and lessors will be required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. These practical expedients relate to the identification and classification of leases that commenced before the effective date, initial direct costs for leases that commenced before the effective date, and the ability to use hindsight in evaluating lessee options to extend or terminate a lease or to purchase the underlying asset. The Partnership is continuing to evaluate the new standard but has not yet determined the appropriate methodology for implementing the new standard or the expected impact adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance to simplify the accounting for equity-based payments awarded to employees. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with earlier adoption permitted. The Partnership adopted this guidance effective as of April 1, 2016, and the adoption had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance to reduce the diversity of reporting on statements of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with earlier adoption permitted. The Partnership is evaluating the impact on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period, with earlier adoption permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance that further clarifies the measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. This guidance was adopted and applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented in this quarterly report and resulted in an increase in the debt issuance costs and a corresponding decrease in long-term debt, net, and eliminating the debt issuance costs, in each case as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The amount that was reclassified in the prior period was   $1.4 million  .  
  
   7 

Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3  . Identifiable Intangible Assets 
  Identifiable intangible assets, which are subject to amortization, consist of the following (in thousands): 

Amortization expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.2 million   and   $0.1 million  , respectively. Amortization expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.5 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively.  
   
  4  . Property, Plant and Equipment 
  Property, plant and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):  

Depreciation expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $3.2 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively. Depreciation expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $9.6 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively.  
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   no   interest expense was capitalized. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  ,   $1.1 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, of interest expense related to the construction of the Partnership s assets was capitalized and included in property, plant and equipment.  
   
  5. Long-term Debt 
  The Partnership s debt obligations consisted of the following (in thousands) as of the below dates:   

8 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

$275 million MLP revolving credit facility    
  On December 19, 2014, the Partnership entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders that became effective upon the closing of the Offering and matures on December 19, 2019 (the  MLP revolving credit facility ). The agreement provides for a   $275 million   credit commitment that is expandable up to   $400 million   under certain conditions. The funds have been used for general purposes, including the funding of capital expenditures. The Partnership s assets are pledged as collateral for this credit facility. 
  The MLP revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit or restrict the Partnership s ability to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur certain liens on assets, dispose of assets, make certain distributions (including distributions from available cash, if a default or event of default under the credit agreement then exists or would result from making such a distribution), change the nature of the Partnership s business, engage in certain mergers or make certain investments and acquisitions, enter into non-arms-length transactions with affiliates and designate certain subsidiaries of the Partnership as  Unrestricted Subsidiaries  for purposes of the credit agreement. Currently, no subsidiaries have been designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Partnership is required to comply with a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of   2.50  x and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of   4.75  x with respect to the fiscal quarter ending   September 30, 2016  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had   $119.5 million   of available borrowing capacity under the MLP revolving credit facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership was in compliance with the covenants under the MLP revolving credit facility.  
  The borrowed amounts are subject to interest based upon the current consolidated total leverage ratio at the time of the borrowing. At the Partnership s discretion it can borrow utilizing either Eurodollar loans or Alternate Base Rate ( ABR ) loans. Interest on Eurodollar loans is based on the LIBOR plus an applicable margin that varies between   2.0%   and   3.25%   based on the consolidated total leverage ratio. Interest on ABR loans is equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus   1.5%   and (c) the Adjusted LIBOR for a one-month interest period on such day plus   1.0%   and plus an applicable margin that varies between   1.00%   and   2.25%   based on the consolidated total leverage ratio. The unused portion of the credit facility is subject to a commitment fee, which is   0.375%   multiplied by the amount of the unused commitment. As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings was   2.8%  . The fair value of the long-term debt approximates the carrying amount because the interest rate is variable and reflective of market rates.  
  The following table sets forth the outstanding borrowings, letters of credit issued and available borrowing capacity under the MLP revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands):   

  The Partnership capitalized debt origination fees of   $6.4 million   associated with the MLP revolving credit facility and the OpCo revolving credit facility described below, which are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as a contra long-term debt. These amounts reflect   $1.4 million   of debt issuance costs that were presented as a reduction of long-term debt based upon adoption of the applicable FASB guidance described in Note 2. These fees will be amortized over the life of the MLP revolving credit facility. The Partnership had unamortized debt discount costs of   $4.4 million   and   $5.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   
  6. Equity-Based Awards 
  PennTex Midstream Partners, LP 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
  In connection with the Offering, the board of directors (the  Board ) of the Partnership s general partner adopted the PennTex Midstream Partners, LP 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) pursuant to which awards in the form of unrestricted units, restricted units, equity participation units, options, unit appreciation rights, phantom units or distribution equivalent rights may be granted to employees, consultants and directors of the general partner and its affiliates who perform services for or on behalf of the Partnership or its affiliates. Award amounts, vesting requirements and other terms are determined by the Board at the time of each grant. 
  The LTIP limits the number of units that may be delivered pursuant to vested awards to   3,200,000   common units. LTIP awards that are subsequently canceled, forfeited or withheld to satisfy exercise prices or tax withholding obligations will be  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

available for delivery pursuant to other awards. The LTIP is administered by the Board or a committee thereof, which is referred to as the plan administrator. 
  The plan administrator may terminate or amend the LTIP at any time with respect to any units for which a grant has not yet been made. The plan administrator also has the right to alter or amend the LTIP or any part of the plan from time to time, including increasing the number of units that may be granted subject to the requirements of the exchange upon which the common units are listed at that time. However, no change in any outstanding grant may be made that would materially reduce the rights or benefits of a participant without the consent of such participant. The LTIP will expire upon termination by the plan administrator. 
  Phantom Units Granted  
   In June 2016, the Partnership granted an aggregate of   361,159   phantom units with a vesting period of   three years   and corresponding distribution equivalent rights ( DERs ) to employees and officers of the general partner and its affiliates. In connection with the completion of the Offering in June 2015, the Partnership granted an aggregate of   620,200   phantom units with a vesting period of   three years   and corresponding DERS to employees and officers of the general partner and its affiliates . A phantom unit entitles the grantee to receive a common unit upon the vesting date. Each phantom unit was granted in tandem with a corresponding DER that allows the holder to receive, for each phantom unit held, cash equal to any cash distribution paid on a common unit between the grant date and the date that the phantom units are settled or forfeited. The total value at grant date was   $5.8 million   and   $12.2 million   for the 2016 and 2015 grants, respectively, of which the Partnership recorded compensation expense of   $1.5 million   and   $3.6 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. The Partnership recorded compensation expense of   $1.0 million   and   $1.2 million   related to the 2015 LTIP grants to employees during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had   $11.9 million   of unrecognized expense related to these LTIP grants. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   209,040   phantom units vested, and the Partnership withheld   40,020   of such phantom units to cover withholding taxes of   $0.6 million   for employees.  
  In June 2016, the Partnership issued   27,222   phantom units with a vesting period of   one year   and corresponding DERs to the   three   independent directors of the general partner. The total value of those grants at the grant date was   $0.4 million  . In 2015, the Partnership granted   15,000   phantom units with a vesting period of approximately   one year   and corresponding DERs to the   three   independent directors of the general partner. The total value of those   three   grants at the grant dates was   $0.3 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , these units were fully vested. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Partnership recorded   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, of compensation expense related to these grants, with   $0.3 million   of unrecognized expense as of   September 30, 2016  . During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Partnership recorded   $40 thousand   and   $46 thousand  , respectively, of compensation expense related to the 2015 LTIP grants to directors. 
  The following table summarizes the changes in the phantom units outstanding for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

7. Partnership and Equity Distributions 
  Quarterly Distribution 
  The First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership (the  Partnership Agreement ) provides for a minimum quarterly distribution of   $0.2750   per unit for each quarter, or   $1.10   per unit on an annualized basis. On   October 25, 2016  , the Partnership announced a distribution of   $0.2950   per unit for the   third   quarter of   2016  . This distribution will be paid on   November 14, 2016   to unitholders of record on   November 7, 2016  .  
  The Partnership Agreement requires that distributions for each quarter will be paid to the extent there is sufficient cash after establishment of cash reserves and payment of fees and expenses, including payments to the general partner and its affiliates. The Partnership s ability to pay the minimum quarterly distribution is subject to various restrictions and other factors.  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Partnership Agreement generally provides for distributions of cash each quarter during the subordination period in the following manner: 
             
    first, to the holders of common units, until each common unit has received the minimum quarterly distribution of   $0.2750   plus any arrearages from prior quarters; 
                
    second, to the holders of subordinated units, until each subordinated unit has received the minimum quarterly distribution of   $0.2750  ; and  
                
    third, to the holders of common units and subordinated units, pro rata, until each has received a distribution of   $0.3163  .  
     If cash distributions to the unitholders exceed   $0.3163   per common unit and subordinated unit in any quarter, the unitholders and the holders of the IDRs will receive distributions according to the following percentage allocations: 

Subordinated Units 
  The Partnership has   20,000,000   subordinated units outstanding, of which PennTex Development owns   12,500,000   subordinated units. The principal difference between the common units and subordinated units is that, for any quarter during the subordination period, holders of the subordinated units are not entitled to receive any distribution from operating surplus until the common units have received the minimum quarterly distribution from operating surplus for such quarter plus any arrearages in the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution from prior quarters. Subordinated units will not accrue arrearages. When the subordination period ends, all of the subordinated units will convert into an equal number of common units.  
  Except as described below, the subordination period began on the closing date of the Offering (June 9, 2015) and extends until the first business day following the distribution of available cash in respect of any quarter beginning after September 30, 2018, provided the following tests are met:  
             
    distributions of available cash from operating surplus on each of the outstanding common units and subordinated units equaled or exceeded   $1.10   (the annualized minimum quarterly distribution), for each of the   three   consecutive, non-overlapping   four  -quarter periods immediately preceding that date; 
                
    the adjusted operating surplus generated during each of the   three   consecutive, non-overlapping   four  -quarter periods immediately preceding that date equaled or exceeded the sum of   $1.10   (the annualized minimum quarterly distribution) on all of the outstanding common units and subordinated units during those periods on a fully diluted basis; and  
                
    there are no arrearages in payment of the minimum quarterly distribution on the common units. 
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the subordination period will automatically terminate on the first business day following the distribution of available cash in respect of any quarter, beginning with the quarter ending September 30, 2016, provided the following tests are met:  
             
    distributions of available cash from operating surplus on each of the outstanding common units and subordinated units equaled or exceeded   $1.65   (  150%   of the annualized minimum quarterly distribution), plus the related distributions on the incentive distribution rights, for the   four  -quarter period immediately preceding that date;  
                
    the adjusted operating surplus generated during the four-quarter period immediately preceding that date equaled or exceeded the sum of (1)   $1.65   (  150%   of the annualized minimum quarterly distribution) on all of the outstanding common units and subordinated units during that period on a fully diluted basis and (2) the corresponding distributions on the incentive distribution rights; and  
                
    there are no arrearages in payment of the minimum quarterly distributions on the common units. 
     To the extent there is cash available for distribution from operating surplus in any future quarter during the subordination period in excess of the amount necessary to pay the minimum quarterly distribution to holders of the common units, the Partnership will use this excess cash to pay any distribution arrearages on common units related to prior quarters before any  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

cash distribution is made to holders of subordinated units. If the Partnership does not pay the minimum quarterly distribution on the common units for any quarter following the subordination period, the common unitholders will not be entitled to receive such arrearage payments. 
   
  8  . Earnings per Unit 
  The Partnership s net income is allocated to the limited partners, including the holders of the subordinated units, in accordance with their respective ownership percentages. The Partnership s net income allocated to the limited partners excludes incentive distributions and expenses incurred by the general partner and its affiliates on behalf of the Partnership that are not required to be reimbursed by the Partnership.  These expenses are allocated solely to the general partner because the Partnership is not required to reimburse the general partner for these expenses. Accordingly, these expenses are disregarded in determining the limited partners  share in earnings of the Partnership.  
  The Partnership computes earnings per unit using the two-class method for master limited partnerships as prescribed in the guidance Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 260. The two-class method requires that securities that meet the definition of a participating security be considered for inclusion in the computation of basic earnings per unit. Under the two-class method, earnings per unit is calculated as if all of the earnings for the period were distributed under the terms of the Partnership Agreement, regardless of whether the general partner has discretion over the amount of distributions to be made in any particular period, whether those earnings would actually be distributed during a particular period from an economic or practical perspective, or whether the general partner has other legal or contractual limitations on its ability to pay distributions that would prevent it from distributing all of the earnings for a particular period. 
  The Partnership calculates net income available to limited partners based on the distributions pertaining to the current period s net income. After adjusting for the appropriate period s distributions, the remaining undistributed earnings or excess distributions over earnings, if any, are allocated to the general partner and limited partners in accordance with the contractual terms of the Partnership Agreement and as further prescribed in the guidance in ASC 260 under the two-class method. 
  The two-class method does not impact the overall net income or other financial results; however, in periods in which aggregate net income exceeds the aggregate distributions for such period, it will have the impact of reducing net income per limited partner unit. This result occurs as a larger portion of the aggregate earnings, as if distributed, is allocated to the incentive distribution rights, even though the Partnership makes distributions on the basis of available cash and not earnings. In periods in which the aggregate net income does not exceed the aggregate distributions for such period, the two-class method does not have any impact on the calculation of earnings per limited partner unit. 
  Basic earnings per unit is computed by dividing net earnings attributable to unitholders by the weighted average number of units outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per unit reflects the potential dilution of common equivalent units that could occur if common equivalent units are converted into common units. 
  As the Offering was completed on June 9, 2015, no income from the period from January 1, 2015 to June 9, 2015 is allocated to the common and subordinated units issued on June 9, 2015, and all income for such period was allocated to the general partner or predecessor operations.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table illustrates the Partnership s calculation of net income per unit for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

(1)   For periods prior to the Offering on June 9, 2015, no net income is attributable to the Partnership. 
   (2)   Distribution declared on   October 19, 2016  , attributable to the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
   (3)   Represents DERs to be paid in respect of phantom units. 

(1)   Distribution declared on   October 19, 2016   attributable to the period indicated; includes distribution to be paid in respect of common units issued and outstanding as of the distribution record date of   November 7, 2016  . 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1)   Distribution declared attributable to the periods indicated; includes distribution declared on   October 19, 2016   to be paid in respect of common units issued and outstanding as of the distribution record date of   November 7, 2016  . 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9  . Commitments and Contingencies 
  Contractual Commitments  
  Commercial Agreements with RRC Operating 
  The Partnership has entered into   15  -year processing, gathering and residue gas and NGL transportation agreements with RRC Operating. The processing agreement contains a specified daily minimum volume threshold for RRC Operating, which increased to   460,000   MMBtu/d effective July 1, 2016. On July 1, 2026, RRC Operating s daily minimum volume threshold will decrease to   345,000   MMBtu/d through May 31, 2030, and will then decrease to   115,000   MMBtu/d effective June 1, 2030 through the remainder of the initial term ending October 1, 2030. Any volumes of gas delivered up to the applicable daily minimum volume threshold are charged the firm fixed-commitment fee and any volumes delivered in excess of such threshold are charged the interruptible-service fixed fee. RRC Operating must pay a deficiency payment based on the firm-commitment fixed fee with respect to a particular quarterly period if the cumulative minimum volume commitment as of the end of such period exceeds the sum of (i) the cumulative volumes processed under the processing agreement as of the end of such period plus (ii) volumes corresponding to deficiency payments incurred prior to such period. RRC Operating may utilize these deficiency payments as a credit for fees owed to the Partnership only to the extent it has delivered the total minimum volume commitment under the processing agreement within the initial   15  -year term of the agreement. Additionally, all volumes delivered by RRC Operating in excess of the minimum volume commitment in a quarterly period apply against and reduce, on a   one  -for-one basis, the cumulative minimum volume commitment used to calculate deficiency payments for future quarterly periods. The processing agreement also requires RRC Operating to reimburse a portion of the Partnership s electricity expenses for electric compression at the processing plants. 
  The gathering agreement provides for the gathering of RRC Operating s processable natural gas for delivery to the Partnership s processing plants (or a third party as described below). The gathering agreement initially provides for a firm capacity reservation payment and a usage fee that is subject to a minimum volume commitment. For the period from June 1, 2015 through November 30, 2019, (i) the firm capacity reservation payment is based on a daily capacity of   460,000   MMBtu/d, calculated monthly, and (ii) the usage fee is based on volumes delivered into the gathering system, subject to a deficiency fee based on a specified minimum volume commitment that is calculated and paid on an annual basis. The specified minimum gathering volume commitment equals RRC Operating s then applicable daily minimum volume threshold under the processing agreement (excluding any optional increases by RRC Operating). Accordingly, the specified minimum gathering volume commitment will not be less than   115,000   MMBtu/d nor more than   460,000   MMBtu/d. Beginning December 1, 2019 through the end of the gathering agreement term, all volumes will be subject to a usage fee, subject to the deficiency fee and minimum volume commitment described above, and no firm capacity reservation payment will apply. The gathering agreement also provides for the delivery of RRC Operating s rich natural gas, on an interruptible basis, to facilities operated by a third party for a specified usage fee.  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The residue gas and NGL transportation agreements provide for the transportation of residue gas and NGLs produced at the Partnership s processing plants to downstream markets. RRC Operating pays a usage fee for all volumes transported under the residue gas and NGL transportation agreements and also pays a monthly fee for priority firm service under the gas transportation agreement. Both transportation agreements include a plant tailgate dedication pursuant to which all of RRC Operating s residue gas and NGLs produced from the Partnership s processing plants are delivered for transportation on the Partnership s residue gas and NGL pipelines.  
  Services and Secondment Agreement 
  The Partnership is party to a   10  -year services and secondment agreement with the general partner, PennTex Development and PennTex Midstream Management Company, LLC ( PennTex Management ) pursuant to which PennTex Management and PennTex Development provide operational, general and administrative services to the Partnership. See Note 10  Related-Party Transactions .  
  Guarantees or Other Support    
  The Partnership has letters of credit outstanding that are backed by the MLP revolving credit facility as collateral support.  
  Legal Proceedings  
  The Partnership may from time to time be involved as a party to various legal proceedings that are incidental to the ordinary course of business. The Partnership regularly analyzes current information and, as necessary, will provide accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition of these matters. In the opinion of management, as of   September 30, 2016  , there are no pending legal matters that would have a material impact on the results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
   
  10. Related-Party Transactions  
  Commercial Contracts 
  The Partnership has entered into commercial agreements with RRC Operating (formerly MRD Operating LLC) for the gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas and NGLs (see Note   9    Com  mitments and Contingencies ). The gathering agreement and the residue gas transportation agreement are expected to remain in effect until June 1, 2030, and the processing agreement and the NGL transportation agreement are expected to remain in effect until October 1, 2030. As of September 16, 2016, RRC Operating is no longer a related party. In addition, the Partnership has entered into an agreement with WildHorse Resources II LLC ( WHR II ), pursuant to which the Partnership provides gathering and/or processing and transportation services to WHR II on an interruptible basis. WHR II is an affiliate of NGP and is therefore a related party to the Partnership. 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Partnership had revenue of   $17.0 million   and   $11.2 million  , respectively, from related-party commercial agreements. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Partnership had revenue of   $51.9 million   and   $14.1 million  , respectively, from related-party commercial agreements. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Partnership had accounts receivable from related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheet of   $20.2 thousand   and   $5.9 million  , respectively.  
  Operational, General and Administrative Services  
  The Partnership does not have employees, and the officers of the general partner, who are also officers of PennTex Development, manage the operations and activities of the Partnership. All operational, general and administrative responsibilities are performed by employees of PennTex Management pursuant to the services and secondment agreement and for which the Partnership reimburses or pays a specified administrative fee to PennTex Management, which is settled in cash monthly. The administrative fee was   $250,000   per month during the first six months of the year ending December 31, 2016 and is   $333,333   per month during the last six months of the year ending December 31, 2016. Beginning January 1, 2017, the administrative fee is subject to renegotiation. The Partnership is also required to reimburse PennTex Development and its affiliates for all other direct or allocated costs and expenses incurred by them on the Partnership s behalf under the services and secondment agreement. 
  In addition, the Partnership is allocated additional general and administrative expenses to the extent that the administrative fee paid under the services and secondment agreement is less than the Partnership s share of PennTex Development s overall general and administrative expenses, which allocation is not payable in cash and is recorded as a non-cash general and administrative expense of the Partnership. The non-cash general and administrative expense is recorded as a non-cash contribution to the Partnership by the general partner. The Partnership s allocated general and administrative expenses and operating and maintenance expenses consist of the following (in thousands): 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  
  PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Partnership had outstanding accounts payable to PennTex Development of   $0.7 million   and   $0.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  11. Concentrations of Risk 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Partnership to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Partnership maintains cash in bank deposit accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Partnership has not experienced any losses in such accounts to date and does not believe it is exposed to any significant risk.  
  Accounts receivable are from natural gas producers for which the Partnership will gather, process and transport natural gas and transport natural gas liquids. This industry concentration has the potential to impact the Partnership s overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that the Partnership s customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic, industry or other conditions. Management monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties.  
  As discussed in Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies, the Partnership has entered into long-term commercial agreements with RRC Operating. RRC Operating accounted for   94%   and   100%   of the Partnership s total revenues for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Partnership is potentially exposed to concentration of business and credit risk primarily through the Partnership s commercial agreements with RRC Operating. Management monitors the creditworthiness of RRC Operating, and the Partnership has not experienced any collectability issues with RRC Operating. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report. The following discussion contains  forward-looking statements  that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. We caution that assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events may, and often do, vary from actual results and the differences can be material. Please read  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  on page ii of this quarterly report Also, please read the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K )included elsewhere in this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
  The historical financial statements included in this quarterly report reflect the results of operations of PennTex North Louisiana, LLC, which we refer to as our predecessor. Our predecessor was formed on March 17, 2014. In connection with the closing of our initial public offering on June 9, 2015, PennTex North Louisiana, LLC became our wholly-owned subsidiary. References in this quarterly report to  predecessor,   we,   our,   us  or like terms, when referring to periods prior to June 9, 2015, refer to PennTex North Louisiana, LLC. References to  the Partnership,   we,   our,   us  or like terms, when referring to periods after June 9, 2015, refer to PennTex Midstream Partners, LP and its subsidiaries, including PennTex North Louisiana, LLC.  
   
   Overview 
  We are a growth-oriented limited partnership focused on owning, operating, acquiring and developing midstream energy infrastructure assets, with an initial focus in northern Louisiana.  
  We own and operate midstream gathering, processing and transportation assets in northern Louisiana. Our assets consist of a natural gas gathering pipeline, two 200 MMcf/d design-capacity cryogenic natural gas processing plants (the Lincoln Parish plant and the Mt. Olive plant) and residue gas and NGL transportation pipelines. Our assets were constructed in two phases. Phase I, which included the gathering pipeline, the Lincoln Parish plant and a 1-mile segment of the residue gas pipeline, was completed in May 2015. Phase II included the Mt. Olive plant, the NGL pipeline and a 14-mile segment of the residue gas pipeline and was completed in September 2015. 
  Our Operations 
  We generate a majority of our revenues pursuant to long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with Range Resources Corporation ( Range Resources ). Our gathering and processing agreements with Range Resources contain minimum volume commitments, our gathering agreement contains firm capacity reservation payments and our residue gas and NGL transportation agreements contain plant tailgate dedications for natural gas processed at our processing plants. We believe these commercial agreements provide long-term stability to our business. In addition, pursuant to the AMI and Exclusivity Agreement, we have the exclusive right to provide midstream services to support Range Resources  current and future production on its operated acreage within northern Louisiana (other than production subject to existing third-party commitments or other arrangements to which we consent). Our assets are designed to accommodate projected future production growth of Range Resources and to allow us to pursue volumes from third parties. 
  On September 16, 2016, Range Resources completed its previously announced acquisition of Memorial Resource Development Corp. We do not expect the merger to have a material impact on our business.  
  Because we do not take ownership of the natural gas and NGLs that we gather, process and transport under our agreements with Range Resources, we generally do not have direct exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. However, we have indirect exposure to commodity prices in that persistently low commodity prices may cause Range Resources or other customers to delay drilling or shut-in production, which would reduce the volumes of natural gas available for gathering, processing and transporting on our systems. In addition, we take title to and resell NGLs that we process pursuant to interruptible processing agreements with two other customers, which results in some direct commodity price exposure. However, because these are interruptible agreements, we are not obligated to process any specified natural gas volumes and we are not required to purchase any NGLs under these agreements. The revenues and costs of revenue from these interruptible agreements represent an insignificant amount of our total reported revenues and costs of revenue. 
  Please read  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in Item 3 of this quarterly report. 
   
  How We Evaluate Our Operations 
  Our management uses a variety of financial and operational metrics to analyze our performance. We view these metrics as important factors in evaluating our profitability and liquidity and review these measurements on at least a monthly basis for consistency and trend analysis. These metrics include (i) contract mix and volumes, (ii) operating costs and expenses and  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

(iii) Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow. We manage our business and analyze our results of operations as a single business segment. 
  Contract Mix and Volumes 
  Our results are driven primarily by fees assessed for volumes of natural gas that we gather and process and volumes of residue gas and NGLs that we transport for our customers. In order to limit our direct exposure to commodity price volatility, where possible, we have and will continue to seek to enter into multi-year, fee-based contracts. If market conditions do not allow us to enter into fee-based contracts, we may enter into contracts that expose us to commodity price volatility. Additionally, we seek to enter into contracts containing firm volume commitments or similar arrangements to provide revenue certainty for our assets, particularly in the context of making investment decisions for new midstream infrastructure. To the extent our contracts contain usage-based fees, our results will depend on actual throughput volumes. 
   Our current contracts with Range Resources contain minimum volume commitments for natural gas processing, firm capacity reservation fees for natural gas gathering and interruptible fees for volumes in excess of those minimum and firm commitments, as applicable, and usage fees for residue gas and NGL transportation. Although these contracts are entirely fee-based and accordingly limit our commodity price exposure, the volume of natural gas that we gather, process or transport depends on successful drilling and production activity in northern Louisiana, and we generally expect the level of drilling and production to positively correlate with long-term trends in commodity prices. 
  Operating Costs and Expenses 
  The primary components of our operating costs and expenses that we evaluate include operations and maintenance and general and administrative. Our general and administrative expenses reflected in our historical financial statements largely reflect costs during a period of construction and development in a privately-held partnership. We have incurred additional operating costs and expenses following the completion of our assets and due to additional general and administrative costs and expenses incurred as a result of being a publicly traded partnership. 
  Operations and Maintenance Expense 
  Operations and maintenance expense consists primarily of utilities and power costs, employee, contract services and material and supply costs, whether directly incurred by us or incurred by our general partner and billed to us. Changes in operating conditions and changes in regulation can impact maintenance requirements and affect the timing and amount of our operating costs and expenditures. 
  General and Administrative Expense 
  In our historical financial statements, general and administrative expense included various direct and indirect cost allocations from PennTex Development. Following the completion of our initial public offering (the  Offering ), our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of: (i) similar direct and indirect costs for which we reimburse our general partner, PennTex Development and its affiliates pursuant to the services and secondment agreement among us, our general partner, PennTex Development and PennTex Management and (ii) other expenses attributable to our status as a publicly traded partnership, such as expenses associated with annual and quarterly reporting; tax return and Schedule K-1 preparation and distribution expenses; Sarbanes-Oxley compliance expenses; expenses associated with maintaining compliance with applicable NASDAQ listing requirements; independent auditor fees; legal fees; investor relations expenses; registrar and transfer agent fees; director and officer liability insurance expenses and director compensation. 
  Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow 
  We use Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow to assess the ability of our assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support indebtedness and make cash distributions. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income, plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, changes in deferred revenue, equity-based compensation expense, non-cash general and administrative expenses, non-cash loss (income) related to derivative instruments and impairments on long-term assets. We define distributable cash flow as Adjusted EBITDA, less cash interest expense related to operating activities, net of interest income, income taxes paid and maintenance capital expenditures, and distribution equivalents paid in cash. Distributable cash flow does not reflect changes in working capital balances. 
  Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow are non-GAAP supplemental financial measures that our management uses, and external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts and others, may use, to assess: 
     the ability of our business to generate sufficient cash flow to make distributions to our unitholders; 
     our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures; 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

the financial performance as compared to other publicly traded companies in the midstream energy industry, without regard to historical cost basis or, in the case of Adjusted EBITDA, financing methods; and 
     the viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects and the returns on investment of various expansion and growth opportunities. 
  The GAAP liquidity measure most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow is net cash provided by operating activities. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow provides information useful to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow should not be considered alternatives to net income, operating income, cash flows from operations or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some but not all items that affect net income and net cash provided by operating activities. Additionally, because Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. 
   
  Factors Impacting the Comparability of Our Financial Results 
  The following factors may affect the comparability of our historical results of operations as well as the comparability of our historical results to future results: 
  Construction of Our Assets  
  From the inception of our predecessor in March 2014 until September 2015, our activities consisted mainly of constructing our assets. A portion of our gathering pipeline was completed in December 2014, and the Lincoln Parish plant, our residue gas pipeline and the remaining portions of our gathering pipeline were completed in May 2015. Our remaining assets were completed in September 2015. 
  Revenues 
  Prior to the completion of our Phase I assets in May 2015, we earned only limited revenues from our gathering pipeline. Following the completion of our assets in May and September 2015 and the commencement of our commercial agreements with Range Resources, our financial results reflect our full range of midstream services. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our financial results reflect a full three and nine months of operations of our assets compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which includes only gathering revenues and four full months of operating one processing plant. Additionally, our future revenues will fluctuate based on the throughput volumes of natural gas and NGLs delivered by our customers in a given period. 
  General and Administrative Expenses 
  Our predecessor s general and administrative expenses included charges for the management and operation of our business and certain expenses allocated for general corporate services, such as finance, accounting and legal services. These expenses were charged or allocated to our predecessor based on the nature of the expenses and our predecessor s proportionate share of employee time and capital expenditures. Following the closing of the Offering, PennTex Midstream Partners, LLC ( PennTex Development ) charges us directly for the management and operation of our business. General and administrative expenses reflect additional costs and expenses incurred as a result of being a fully operational publicly traded partnership as described above, which are not reflected in our financial statements for periods prior to the Offering. 
  Financing 
  Prior to the completion of our Phase I assets in May 2015, our operations did not produce significant revenue, and all financing required for the construction of our assets was received from members  capital contributions or from borrowings incurred under our predecessor s $60 million revolving credit facility. In connection with the Offering, we repaid in full and terminated our predecessor s $60 million revolving credit facility and our $275 million revolving credit facility became effective. The $275 million revolving credit facility is available for general partnership purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. 
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following provides a summary of our results of operations for the periods indicated: 

(1)    For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measure Adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, please read  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  below. 
   (2)    The Lincoln Parish plant commenced operations on May 15, 2015; as a result, operating data for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   includes approximately 139 days of operations. The Mt. Olive plant commenced operations on September 12, 2015; as a result, operating data for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   includes approximately 19 days of operations. 
   (3)    Our residue gas pipeline commenced operations on May 15, 2015; as a result, operating data for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   includes approximately 139 days of operations. Additional residue gas pipelines commenced operations on September 12, 2015; as a result, operating data for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   includes approximately 19 days of operations from these pipelines. 
   (4)    Our NGL pipeline commenced commercial operations on October 1, 2015; as a result, no operating data is included for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015    
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded revenue of   $22.2 million  , which includes $2.9 million for electric compression reimbursement. We generated this revenue by providing gathering, processing and transportation services to customers. For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , we recorded revenue of   $11.2 million  . The increase in our revenue primarily reflects a full quarter of operations for two plants for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to a full quarter of operations for one plant and 19 days of operations of a second plant for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Range Resources  cumulative processing volumes as of   September 30, 2016   were below the applicable minimum processing commitment under the processing agreement. As a result, we recorded a deficiency payment of   $5.9 million   attributable to undelivered volumes during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , non-current liabilities on our balance sheet includes deferred revenues of   $14.3 million  , which includes the deficiency payment and processing fees incurred by Range Resources in excess of the weighted average processing fee over the duration of the processing agreement determined in accordance with GAAP, and of which   $6.2 million   relates to the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , Range Resources  cumulative processing volumes were below the applicable minimum processing commitment by   30,588   MDth, of which   15,450   MDth relate to undelivered processing volumes during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , our total general and administrative expenses and operating and maintenance expenses   increased   by approximately   $1.9 million   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , which primarily reflects the operation of our full suite of assets. The increase in general and administrative expenses reflects additional expenses incurred as a result of being a publicly traded company and includes compensation expense of   $1.2 million   for phantom units grants for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to $0.8 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Operating and maintenance expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   includes compensation expense of $  0.3 million   for phantom units grants for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and $0.3 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our cost of revenues consists of approximately $3.0 million of electric compression expense. 
  We incurred depreciation and amortization expense of   $3.4 million   and   $1.6 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in these expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   reflects operations through the entire period as compared to partial-period operations during   three months ended September 30, 2015   following the completion of our assets in May and September 2015. 
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded revenue of   $59.0 million  , which includes $7.2 million for electric compression reimbursement. We generated this revenue by providing gathering, processing, and transportation services to customers. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recorded revenue of   $14.2 million  . The increase in our revenue primarily reflects three full quarters of operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to approximately four months of operations following the completion of our first plant in May 2015 and 19 days of operations for our second plant in September 2015 for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  We recorded deficiency payments of   $12.4 million   attributable to undelivered volumes during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , non-current liabilities on our balance sheet includes deferred revenues of   $14.3 million  , all of which was recorded in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Range Resources  cumulative processing volumes were below the applicable minimum processing commitment by   30,588   MDth, all of which relate to undelivered processing volumes during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , our total general and administrative expenses and operating and maintenance expenses   increased   approximately   $8.6 million  , which primarily reflects the operation of our full suite of assets, including expanded operations following the completion of the Mt. Olive plant, the NGL pipeline and a 14-mile segment of the residue gas pipeline in September 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily reflects additional expenses incurred as a result of being a publicly traded company and includes compensation expenses of   $3.1 million   for phantom units grants for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to $1.0 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Operating and maintenance expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   includes compensation expense of   $0.9 million   for phantom units grants compared to $0.3 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our cost of revenues consists of approximately $7.6 million of electric compression expense. 
  We incurred depreciation and amortization expense of   $10.1 million   and   $2.7 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in these expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   reflects the operation of our assets following their completion in May and September 2015 as compared to only the initial portion of our gathering system being operational during most of the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Overview 
  Our ability to finance our operations, fund capital expenditures, pay cash distributions to unitholders and satisfy our indebtedness obligations depends on our ability to generate cash flow in the future. Our ability to generate cash flow is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. Please read  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of the 2015 Form 10-K. 
  Our primary sources of liquidity following the Offering have been borrowings under our $275 million revolving credit facility and cash generated from our operations. We also expect that any future issuance of equity and debt securities will provide additional sources of liquidity.  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

We expect to distribute all of our available cash to unitholders in accordance with the terms of our partnership agreement. We believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations and availability under our revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet our operating needs, our planned short-term capital and debt service requirements and our planned cash distributions to unitholders. We believe that future internal growth projects or potential acquisitions will be funded primarily through borrowings under our revolving credit facility or through issuances of debt and equity securities. 
  Management believes that our anticipated cash flows from operations and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months.  
  Revolving Credit Facilit  y 
  Our   $275 million   senior secured revolving credit facility became effective upon completion of the Offering. The revolving credit facility contains an accordion feature that allows us to expand the facility up to   $400 million   in certain circumstances. The revolving credit facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants and restrictive provisions that limit our ability (as well as the ability of our subsidiaries) to, among other things: 
             
    incur or guarantee additional debt, including certain hedging obligations; 
                
    make certain investments and acquisitions; 
                
    incur certain liens or permit them to exist; 
                
    alter our lines of business; 
                
    enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; 
                
    merge or consolidate with another company; and 
                
    transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets. 
     In addition, our revolving credit facility restricts our ability to make distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, our equity interests, except for distributions of available cash so long as, both at the time of the distribution and after giving effect to the distribution, no default exists under the revolving credit facility. Our revolving credit facility also requires us to maintain certain financial covenants. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with the covenants under our revolving credit facility. 
  Our revolving credit facility contains customary events of default for facilities of this nature, including: 
             
    events of default resulting from our failure or the failure of any guarantors to comply with covenants and financial ratios; 
                
    the occurrence of a change of control; 
                
    the institution of insolvency or similar proceedings against us or any guarantor; and 
                
    the occurrence of a default under any other material indebtedness we or any guarantor may have. 
     Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, subject to the terms and conditions of our revolving credit facility, our lenders may declare any outstanding principal of our revolving credit facility debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable and exercise other remedies. 
  Since its effectiveness, we have used the revolving credit facility for capital expenditures required for the construction of our assets and to pay a portion of our distribution to unitholders for the second and third quarters of 2015. We expect to use the revolving credit facility to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and certain of our working capital needs and for other general partnership purposes in the future.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $154.5 million   drawn under our revolving credit facility and had   $1.0 million   of letters of credit outstanding, resulting in   $119.5 million   of additional available borrowing capacity.  
  Working Capital 
  Working capital is the amount by which our current assets exceed our current liabilities. As of   September 30, 2016  , our working capital increased to   $12.0 million   from   $8.3 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . Prior to completion of our assets in September 2015, our working capital requirements were primarily driven by the changes in accounts payable related to the construction of our assets and affiliated accounts payable related to services provided by our general partner and, following the commencement of operations in May 2015, changes in accounts payable and accounts receivable due to the timing of collections from our customers. Following the completion of our assets in September 2015, our working capital requirements have been primarily driven by changes in accounts payable along with changes in accounts receivable due to the timing of  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

collections from our customers and payments to suppliers. A material adverse change in operations or available financing under our revolving credit facility could impact our ability to fund our requirements for liquidity and capital resources. 
  Historical Cash Flow 
  All of the following discussions relate to the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The following table and discussion presents a summary of our cash flow for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities. 
  Cash flows provided by operating activities were   $41.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $8.8 million   of cash flows used in operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  We had net income of   $13.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to a net loss of   $5.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   reflects nine months of operations from our assets. The net loss for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily attributable to general and administrative expenses allocated to us from PennTex Development, which managed our predecessor s activities, during the construction of our assets. We generated net cash of   $13.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to the differences in our billing activities as compared to our revenue recognized.  
  The components of working capital that had the most significant impact on operating cash flow during the current period were accounts receivable and other current assets. 
  Investing Activities. 
  Cash flows used in investing activities were   $12.1 million   and   $212.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash flows used in investing activities were used to expand and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of our assets, as compared to cash flows used during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which were used primarily for expansion capital expenditures in connection with the construction of our initial assets.  
  Financing Activities. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash flows used in financing activities consist of borrowings and repayments under our revolving credit facility. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we completed the Offering and used the net proceeds of $223.0 million to repay in full our predecessor s revolving credit facility, make cash distributions to the predecessor s members and fund a portion of our capital expenditures.  
  Borrowings from our revolving credit facility represent our main source of funding after the Offering. Prior to the Offering, our cash flows from financing activities consisted of member contributions and borrowings from our predecessor s revolving credit facility. These amounts included both cash contributed to our predecessor and amounts PennTex Development expended on our behalf.  
  Distributions 
  Our minimum quarterly distribution is $  0.2750   per unit, which corresponds to an aggregate distribution of   $11.1 million   per quarter and   $44.2 million   per year based on the common units and subordinated units outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . The following table shows all of our distributions: 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

(1)    On   October 25, 2016  , the Partnership announced a distribution of   $0.2950   per unit for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The distribution will be paid on   November 14, 2016   to unitholders of record as of   November 7, 2016  .  
   (2)    The distribution declared with respect to the quarter ended June 30, 2015 represented a prorated amount of our minimum quarterly distribution of $0.2750 per unit based on the number of days between the closing of the Offering on June 9, 2015 and June 30, 2015. 
  Capital Requirements 
  Our business is capital-intensive, requiring significant investment to maintain and improve existing assets. We categorize capital expenditures as either: 
     maintenance capital expenditures  , which include those expenditures made to maintain, over the long term, our operating capacity, throughput or revenue, including the replacement of system components and equipment that have become obsolete or have approached the end of their useful lives; or 
     expansion capital expenditures  , which include those expenditures incurred in order to construct or acquire new midstream infrastructure and to extend the useful lives of our assets, reduce costs, increase revenues or increase system throughput or capacity from current levels. 
  Contractual Obligations    

  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  As described above in   How We Evaluate our Operations Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow,  we use Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow to assess the ability of our assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support indebtedness and make cash distributions. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure reported to our lenders and used to determine compliance with certain of the financial covenants included in our revolving credit facility.  
  Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. The GAAP liquidity measure most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow is net cash provided by operating activities. Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow should not be considered as alternatives to the GAAP measures of net income (loss) or net cash provided by operating activities, as applicable. Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow are not presentations made in accordance with GAAP and have important limitations as analytical tools because they include some, but not all, items that affect net income (loss) or net cash provided by operating activities, as applicable. You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA or distributable cash flow in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of results as reported under GAAP. Our definitions of Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.  
  Adjusted EBITDA for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   includes the results of our predecessor s operations for the period prior to the Offering on June 9, 2015. The following table reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial and liquidity measures for the periods presented, and further reconciles Adjusted EBITDA  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   to distributable cash flow attributable to the Partnership:    

   (1)      Represents distribution equivalent rights paid in cash in respect of the applicable period to the extent reflected as changes in equity. 
  The following table provides the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA as defined above:   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report. The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We disclosed certain critical accounting policies and estimates in our 2015 Form 10-K, and no significant changes have occurred since that time, except as discussed below. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue Recognition 
  We earn revenue from gathering, processing and transportation services we provide to natural gas producers. Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or service obligations have been fulfilled, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. For commercial agreements that contain specified minimum volume commitments and variable rates, we recognize revenue based on the volume weighted average rate over the term of the agreement. 
  Our processing agreement with Range Resources requires Range Resources to pay a fee based on the volume of gas actually processed, subject to cumulative minimum volume commitments determined with respect to each quarterly period. To the extent that, at the end of any quarterly period, Range Resources has not delivered the applicable cumulative minimum volume commitment, Range Resources is required to pay a deficiency fee on the undelivered volumes. The deficiency fee is characterized as unearned revenue. We invoice Range Resources based upon the applicable rates specified in the processing agreement corresponding to services provided. We recognize revenue based on a weighted average rate over the term of the agreement. The excess of the fees invoiced under the processing agreement compared to the fees recognized as revenue is characterized as unearned revenue. Unearned revenue is reported as deferred revenue and reflected in our balance sheet as other non-current liabilities. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue once all contingencies or potential performance obligations associated with the related volumes have either been satisfied or expired.  
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risk. The term  market risk  refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures. 
  Commodity Price Risk 
  All of our commercial contracts with Range Resources are 15-year, fee-based agreements, with no direct commodity price exposure to natural gas or NGLs. However, we are indirectly exposed through this customer s economic decisions to develop and produce natural gas from which we receive revenues for providing gathering, processing and transportation services. Our contracts provide for minimum volume commitments, firm capacity reservation payments and plant tailgate dedications, which minimize our exposure to commodity price fluctuations. In addition, we take title to and resell NGLs that we process pursuant to processing agreements with other customers, which results in some direct commodity price exposure. However, because these are interruptible agreements, we are not obligated to process any specified volume of gas and we are not required to purchase any NGLs under the agreements. The revenues and costs of revenue from these interruptible agreements represent an insignificant amount of our total reported revenues and costs of revenue. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  As described above, our   $275 million   revolving credit facility became effective upon completion of the Offering. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $154.5 million   of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. We currently do not hedge the interest on portions of our borrowings under the revolving credit facility, although we may do so from time-to-time in order to manage risks associated with floating interest rates. A   1%   increase in the effective interest rate on our outstanding borrowings at   September 30, 2016   would result in an annual increase in our interest expense of approximately   $1.5 million  . 
  Credit Risk 
  We are exposed to credit risk. Credit risk represents the loss that we would incur if a counterparty fails to perform under its contractual obligations. For example, we are substantially dependent on Range Resources as our primary customer, and any event, whether in our area of operations or otherwise, that adversely affects Range Resources  production, drilling and completion schedule, financial condition, leverage, market reputation, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows may adversely affect our revenues and cash available for distribution. Our contracts have provisions pursuant to which we have the right to request and receive from the customer adequate security support in the form of letters of credit, cash collateral, prepayments or guarantees. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016   at the reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  Our operations are subject to a variety of risks and disputes normally incident to our business. As a result, we may, at any given time, be a defendant in various legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. However, we are not currently subject to any material litigation. 
  We maintain insurance policies with insurers in amounts and with coverage and deductibles that we, with the advice of our insurance advisers and brokers, believe are reasonable and prudent. We cannot, however, assure you that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices. 
   
  I  tem 1A. Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed under  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended     December 31, 2015  . There have been no material changes or updates to our risk factors previously disclosed in such annual report.  
   
  Item 5. Other Information 
  In August 2016, PennTex Development completed the previously announced sale of PennTex Permian, LLC ( Permian ) to a third party in accordance with the terms of the right of first offer previously delivered by PennTex Development to the board of directors of the General Partner with respect to such transaction. As a result of such transaction, the Partnership no longer has a right of first offer on Permian. 
   
  Item 6. Exhibits 
  The exhibits required to be filed pursuant to the requirements of Item 601 of Regulation S-K are set forth in the Exhibit Index accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are incorporated herein by reference.  
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this quarterly report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PennTex Midstream Partners, LP 

October 28, 2016 
      
    By: 
    PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, its general partner 

By: 
    /s/ Steven R. Jones 

Name: 
    Steven R. Jones 

Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

30 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      3.1 
      
    Certificate of Limited Partnership of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to PennTex Midstream Partners, LP s registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-199020), initially filed with the Commission on September 30, 2014).  

3.2 
      
    First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP, dated as of June 9, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to PennTex Midstream Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 9, 2015). 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1** 
      
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.CAL* 
      
    XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF* 
      
    XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.INS* 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.LAB* 
      
    XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE* 
      
    XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.SCH* 
      
    XBRL Schema Document 

* Filed as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  ** Furnished as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q316exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
    
  I,   Thomas F. Karam  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              c. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Thomas F. Karam 

Thomas F. Karam 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, as general partner of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q316exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
    
  I,   Steven R. Jones  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              c. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Steven R. Jones 

Steven R. Jones 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, as general partner of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q316exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (the  Partnership ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned,   Thomas F. Karam  ,   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   of PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, and   Steven R. Jones  ,   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   of PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge:  
  1.  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
  2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
    
                     Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Thomas F. Karam 

Thomas F. Karam 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, as general partner of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Steven R. Jones 

Steven R. Jones 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

PennTex Midstream GP, LLC, as general partner of PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certifications are being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, are not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Partnership, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ptxp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ptxp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ptxp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ptxp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ptxp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ptxp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

