<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_789933_0000789933-16-000124_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5484675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>154723</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252120</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2250178</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2017669</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>666615</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000789933-16-000124.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101172005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000789933-16-000124
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NACCO INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000789933
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES [3630]
		IRS NUMBER:				341505819
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09172
		FILM NUMBER:		161965645

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5875 LANDERBROOK DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 220
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124-4069
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4402295123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5875 LANDERBROOK DR
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000789933-16-000124.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 nc930201610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549    
    
   _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q    

OR 
                   o 
      
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from                          to                        

Commission file number 1-9172    

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE    
      
    34-1505819 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

5875 LANDERBROOK DRIVE, SUITE 220, CLEVELAND, OHIO    
      
    44124-4069 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip code) 

(440) 229-5151 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
    
  YES       NO   o    
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
    
  YES       NO   o    
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
    
                           Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer          
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
    
  YES   o     NO     
    
  Number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding at   October 28, 2016  :   5,205,493 
  Number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding at   October 28, 2016  :   1,571,015    

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC.    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Page Number 
       Part I.  
      
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1  
      
     Financial Statements  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015  
     2 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     7 

Item 2  
      
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     16 

Item 3  
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     35 

Item 4  
      
     Controls and Procedures  
     36 

Part II.  
      
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1  
      
     Legal Proceedings  
     37 

Item 1A  
      
     Risk Factors  
     37 

Item 2  
      
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     37 

Item 3  
      
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     37 

Item 4  
      
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
     37 

Item 5  
      
     Other Information  
     37 

Item 6  
      
     Exhibits  
     37 

Signatures  

38 

Exhibit Index  

39 

1 

Table of Contents  

Part I 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
    2 

Table of Contents  

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

See notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
    3 

Table of Contents  

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

See notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

4 

Table of Contents  

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
    5 

Table of Contents  

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

See notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
    6 

Table of Contents  

NACCO INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (In thousands, except as noted and per share amounts)  

NOTE 1   Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of NACCO Industries, Inc. (the  parent company  or  NACCO ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively,  NACCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries  or the  Company ). Intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The Company's subsidiaries operate in the following principal industries: mining, small appliances and specialty retail. The Company manages its subsidiaries primarily by industry.  
    
  The North American Coal Corporation and its affiliated companies (collectively,  NACoal ) mine coal primarily for use in power generation and provide selected value-added mining services for other natural resources companies. Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. ( HBB ) is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, bars and hotels. The Kitchen Collection, LLC ( KC ) is a national specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet and traditional malls throughout the United States.  
    
  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position of the Company at   September 30, 2016   and the results of its operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in equity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   have been included. These Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The balance sheet at   December 31, 2015   has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information or notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. 
    
  Operating results for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the remainder of the year ending   December 31, 2016  . The HBB and KC businesses are seasonal and a majority of revenues and operating profit typically occurs in the second half of the calendar year when sales of small electric household appliances to retailers and consumers increase significantly for the fall holiday-selling season. For further information regarding seasonality of these businesses, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Certain amounts in the prior periods' Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been reclassified to 
  conform to the current period's presentation. 

NOTE 2   Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  Accounting Standards Adopted in 2016 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs," which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, "Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting (SEC Update)."  ASU 2015-15 amends Subtopic 835-30 to include that the SEC would not object to the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequent amortization of debt issuance costs over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, whether or not there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. This guidance is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations, cash flows or related disclosures. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Inventory - Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory," which requires that inventory be measured at lower of cost or net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations, cash flows and related disclosures.   
    
  Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB codified in ASC 606, "Revenue Recognition - Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance, and requires an entity to recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to customers and provide additional disclosures. As amended, the effective date for public entities is annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein. Early adoption is not permitted before the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. As such, the Company will be required to adopt the standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. ASC 606 may be adopted either using a full retrospective approach, in which the standard is applied to all of the periods presented, or a modified retrospective approach. The Company has developed a project plan to evaluate how ASC 606 will affect the Company's financial position, results of operations, cash flows and related disclosures.  The Company is currently evaluating which transition method to use. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities," which modifies how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities; simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; changes presentation and disclosure requirements; and clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows and related disclosures.   
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)," which requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leased assets. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating how and to what extent ASU 2016-02 will affect the Company's financial position, results of operations, cash flows and related disclosures.   

NOTE 3   Inventories 
    
  Inventories are summarized as follows:  

NOTE 4   Stockholders' Equity    
    
  Stock Repurchase Program:   On May 10, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the "2016 Stock Repurchase Program") providing for the purchase of up to   $50 million   of the Company's Class A Common Stock outstanding through December 31, 2017. The Company s previous   $60 million   stock repurchase program, announced in December 2013, was completed in October 2015. The timing and amount of any repurchases under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program are determined at the discretion of the Company's management based on a number of factors, including the availability of capital, other capital allocation alternatives and market conditions for the Company's Class A Common Stock. The 2016 Stock Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. It may be  
  
    8 

     Table of Contents  

modified, suspended, extended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice and may be executed through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. All or part of the repurchases under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program may be implemented under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which would allow repurchases under pre-set terms at times when the Company might otherwise be prevented from doing so. 
  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company repurchased   38,766   and   134,186   shares of Class A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of   $2.2 million   and   $7.2 million   at a weighted average purchase price of   $57.20   and   $53.95   per share, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company repurchased   109,261   and   426,909   shares of Class A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of   $6.0 million   and   $23.2 million   at a weighted average purchase price of   $55.32   and   $54.46   per share, respectively. 
    
  Amounts Reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss):   The following table summarizes the amounts reclassified out of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") and recognized in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: 

(a)  These AOCI components are included in the computation of pension and postretirement health care (income) expense.    See Note 10   for further information. 

9 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 5   Fair Value Disclosure    
    
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements  : The following table presents the Company's assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Bellaire Corporation ( Bellaire ) is a non-operating subsidiary of the Company with legacy liabilities relating to closed mining operations, primarily former Eastern U.S. underground coal mining operations. In connection with Bellaire's normal permit renewal with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection ("DEP"), Bellaire established a   $5.0 million   mine water treatment trust (the "Mine Water Treatment Trust") to provide a financial assurance mechanism for the long-term treatment of post-mining discharges.  Bellaire's Mine Water Treatment Trust invests in available-for-sale securities that are reported at fair value based upon quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets; therefore, they are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy.  
    
  The Company uses significant other observable inputs to value derivative instruments used to hedge foreign currency and interest rate risk; therefore, they are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.  The fair value for these contracts is determined based on exchange rates and interest rates, respectively. 
    
  There were no transfers into or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements:   Centennial Natural Resources ("Centennial") ceased coal production in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the Company began actively marketing Centennial's mine machinery and equipment. The Company classified these assets as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2015 when management approved and committed to a formal plan of sale. The coal land and real estate did not meet the held-for-sale criteria and remained within property, plant and equipment as a long-lived asset. 
    
  As a result of various unfavorable conditions, including but not limited to weakness in the U.S. and global coal markets and certain asset-specific factors, the Company determined the carrying value of Centennial's coal land and real estate were not recoverable.  The Company also conducted a review of the carrying value of Centennial's mine machinery and equipment classified as assets held for sale.  The fair values of these assets were calculated using a combination of a market and income approach and reduced the carrying value of coal land and real estate to   zero   and assets held for sale to approximately   $5.0 million  . The Company recognized an aggregate impairment charge of   $17.4 million   during the third quarter of 2016. The asset impairment charge was recorded as "Centennial asset impairment charge" in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and relates exclusively to the NACoal segment.  
    
  Other Fair Value Measurement Disclosures:   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Revolving credit agreements and long-term debt are recorded at carrying value in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The fair values of revolving credit agreements and long-term debt, excluding capital leases, were determined using current rates offered for similar obligations taking into account subsidiary credit risk, which is Level 2 as defined in the fair value hierarchy. At   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , both the fair value and the book value of the Company's revolving credit agreements and long-term debt, excluding capital leases, was   $128.3 million  ,   $159.8 million   and   $163.5 million  , respectively. 

NOTE 6   Unconsolidated Subsidiaries    
    
  NACoal has   two   consolidated mining operations: Mississippi Lignite Mining Company ( MLMC ) and Centennial. Centennial ceased coal production in the fourth quarter of 2015 but wind-down and reclamation activities are continuing. In addition, NACoal provides dragline mining services for independently owned limerock quarries in Florida.  NACoal also has the following wholly owned unconsolidated subsidiaries that each meet the definition of a variable interest entity and are accounted for using the equity method:  
    
  Bisti Fuels Company, LLC ("Bisti") 
  Caddo Creek Resources Company, LLC ( Caddo Creek ) 
  Camino Real Fuels, LLC ( Camino Real ) 
  The Coteau Properties Company ("Coteau") 
  Coyote Creek Mining Company, LLC ( Coyote Creek ) 
  Demery Resources Company, LLC ( Demery ) 
  The Falkirk Mining Company ("Falkirk") 
  Liberty Fuels Company, LLC ( Liberty ) 
  NoDak Energy Services, LLC ("NoDak") 
  The Sabine Mining Company ("Sabine")  
    
  The unconsolidated subsidiaries, with the exception of NoDak (collectively, the "Unconsolidated Mines"), were formed to develop, construct and/or operate surface coal mines under long-term contracts and are capitalized primarily with debt financing provided by or supported by their respective customers, and without recourse to NACCO and NACoal. The contracts with the customers of the unconsolidated subsidiaries provide for reimbursement to the company at a price based on actual costs plus an agreed upon pre-tax profit per ton of coal sold, actual costs plus an agreed upon fee per btu of heating value delivered or actual costs plus a management fee. The fees earned at each mine adjust over time in line with various indices which reflect general inflation rates. Although NACoal owns   100%   of the equity and manages the daily operations of these entities, the Company has determined that the equity capital provided by NACoal is not sufficient to adequately finance the ongoing activities or absorb any expected losses without additional support from the customers. The customers have a controlling financial interest and have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the entities. As a result, NACoal is not the primary beneficiary and, therefore, does not consolidate these entities' financial positions or results of operations.  The income taxes resulting from the operations of the Unconsolidated Mines are solely the responsibility of the Company. The pre-tax income from the Unconsolidated Mines is reported on the line  Earnings of unconsolidated mines  in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, with related income taxes included in the provision for income taxes. The Company has included the pre-tax earnings of the Unconsolidated Mines above operating profit because they are an integral component of the Company's business and operating results. The pre-tax income  
  
    11 

     Table of Contents  

from NoDak is reported on the line "(Income) loss from other unconsolidated affiliates" in the "Other (income) expense" section of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, with the related income taxes included in the provision for income taxes.  
    
  Coteau, Falkirk, Sabine, Liberty and Coyote Creek supply lignite coal for power generation. Demery and Caddo Creek supply lignite coal for the production of activated carbon. Camino Real supplies and Bisti will supply sub-  bituminous coal for power generation.   NoDak operates and maintains a coal processing facility.  
    
  The investments in the Unconsolidated Mines and related tax positions totaled   $34.0 million  ,   $24.6 million   and   $25.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  These amounts are included on the line  Other non-current assets  in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company's maximum risk of loss relating to these entities is limited to its invested capital, which was   $5.3 million  ,   $4.0 million   and   $3.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, and a   $2.5 million   loan receivable from Navajo Transitional Energy Company, LLC, which is Bisti's customer, at   September 30, 2016  .  The loan receivable is included in "Other non-current assets." 
    
  NACoal is a party to certain guarantees related to Coyote Creek. Under certain circumstances of default or termination of Coyote Creek s Lignite Sales Agreement ( LSA ), NACoal would be obligated for payment of a "make-whole" amount to Coyote Creek s third party lenders. The  make-whole  amount is based on the excess, if any, of the discounted value of the remaining scheduled debt payments over the principal amount. In addition, in the event Coyote Creek s LSA is terminated on or after January 1, 2024 by Coyote Creek s customers, NACoal is obligated to purchase Coyote Creek s dragline and rolling stock for the then net book value of those assets. To date, no payments have been required from NACoal since the inception of these guarantees. The Company believes that the likelihood of NACoal s future performance under the guarantees is remote, and no amounts related to these guarantees have been recorded. 
    
  Summarized financial information for the unconsolidated subsidiaries is as follows:  

NOTE 7   Contingencies    
    
  Various legal and regulatory proceedings and claims have been or may be asserted against NACCO and certain subsidiaries relating to the conduct of their businesses, including product liability, patent infringement, asbestos related claims, environmental and other claims. These proceedings and claims are incidental to the ordinary course of business of the Company. Management believes that it has meritorious defenses and will vigorously defend the Company in these actions. Any costs that management estimates will be paid as a result of these claims are accrued when the liability is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated.  If a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued. The Company does not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is probable or reasonably possible and which are material, the Company discloses the nature of the contingency and, in some circumstances, an estimate of the possible loss.  
    
  These matters are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of an adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the period in which the ruling occurs, or in future periods. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

Environmental matters 
    
  HBB is investigating or remediating historical environmental contamination at some current and former sites operated by HBB or by businesses it acquired. Based on the current stage of the investigation or remediation at each known site, HBB estimates the total investigation and remediation costs and the period of assessment and remediation activity required for each site. The estimate of future investigation and remediation costs is primarily based on variables associated with site clean-up, including, but not limited to, physical characteristics of the site, the nature and extent of the contamination and applicable regulatory programs and remediation standards. No assessment can fully characterize all subsurface conditions at a site. There is no assurance that additional assessment and remediation efforts will not result in adjustments to estimated remediation costs or the time frame for remediation at these sites. 
    
  HBB's estimates of investigation and remediation costs may change if it discovers contamination at additional sites or additional contamination at known sites, if the effectiveness of its current remediation efforts change, if applicable federal or state regulations change or if HBB's estimate of the time required to remediate the sites changes. HBB's revised estimates may differ materially from original estimates. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , HBB had accrued undiscounted obligations of   $9.0 million  ,   $9.1 million   and   $8.5 million  , respectively, for environmental investigation and remediation activities. In addition, HBB estimates that it is reasonably possible that it may incur additional expenses in the range of   zero   to   $5.3 million   related to the environmental investigation and remediation at these sites.  

NOTE 8   Product Warranties    
    
  HBB provides a standard warranty to consumers for all of its products. The specific terms and conditions of those warranties vary depending upon the product brand. In general, if a product is returned under warranty, a refund is provided to the consumer by HBB's customer, the retailer. Generally, the retailer returns those products to HBB for a credit. The Company estimates the costs which may be incurred under its standard warranty programs and records a liability for such costs at the time product revenue is recognized.  
    
  The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary. Factors that affect the Company's warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and the cost per claim.  
    
  Changes in the Company's current and long-term recorded warranty liability are as follows:  

NOTE 9   Income Taxes    
    
  The income tax provision includes U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign income taxes and is based on the application of a forecasted annual income tax rate applied to the current quarter's year-to-date pre-tax income or loss. In determining the estimated annual effective income tax rate, the Company analyzes various factors, including projections of the Company's annual earnings, taxing jurisdictions in which the earnings will be generated, the impact of state and local income taxes, the Company's ability to use tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards, and available tax planning alternatives. Discrete items, including the effect of changes in tax laws, tax rates and certain circumstances with respect to valuation allowances or other unusual or non-recurring tax adjustments are reflected in the period in which they occur as an addition to, or reduction from, the income tax provision, rather than included in the estimated effective annual income tax rate. The Company's effective income tax rate is affected by the benefit of percentage depletion.  
    
  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of   $2.3 million   as a result of the reversal of an uncertain tax position recorded as part of the Centennial acquisition.  The Company also reversed a corresponding indemnification receivable related to the uncertain tax position that resulted in   $2.2 million   of other expense, included on the line "Other, net, including interest income," in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  
    13 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE 10   Retirement Benefit Plans    
    
  The Company maintains various defined benefit pension plans that provide benefits based on years of service and average compensation during certain periods. The Company's policy is to make contributions to fund these plans within the range allowed by applicable regulations. Plan assets consist primarily of publicly traded stocks and government and corporate bonds.  Pension benefits were frozen for all employees as of December 31, 2013. All eligible employees of the Company, including employees whose pension benefits are frozen, receive retirement benefits under defined contribution retirement plans. 
    
  The Company also maintains postretirement health care plans which provide benefits to eligible retired employees. All health care plans of the Company have a cap on the Company's share of the costs. These plans have no assets. Under the Company's current policy, plan benefits are funded at the time they are due to participants. 
    
  The components of pension and postretirement health care expense (income) are set forth below: 

14 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 11   Business Segments    
    
  NACCO is a holding company with the following principal subsidiaries: NACoal, HBB and KC.   See Note 1   for a discussion of the Company's industries and product lines. NACCO's non-operating segment, NACCO and Other, includes the accounts of the parent company and Bellaire. 
    
  Financial information for each of NACCO's reportable segments is presented in the following table. The line  Eliminations  in the Revenues section eliminates revenues from HBB sales to KC. The amounts of these revenues are based on current market prices of similar third-party transactions. No other sales transactions occur among reportable segments.  

(1)    During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recognized an impairment charge of   $17.4 million  . The asset impairment charge was recorded as "Centennial asset impairment charge" in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and relates exclusively to the NACoal segment. See   Note 5   for further discussion of the asset impairment charge.  

15 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
  (Dollars in thousands, except as noted and per share data)  
    
  NACCO Industries, Inc. (the  parent company  or  NACCO ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) operate in the following principal industries: mining, small appliances and specialty retail. Results of operations and financial condition are discussed separately by subsidiary, which corresponds with the industry groupings.  
    
  The North American Coal Corporation and its affiliated coal companies (collectively,  NACoal ) mine coal primarily for use in power generation and provide selected value-added mining services for other natural resources companies. Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. ( HBB ) is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, bars and hotels. The Kitchen Collection, LLC ( KC ) is a national specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet and traditional malls throughout the United States.  
    
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
  Please refer to the discussion of the Company's Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates as disclosed on pages 36 through 39 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The Company's Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates have not materially changed since   December 31, 2015  . 

THE NORTH AMERICAN COAL CORPORATION 
    
  NACoal mines coal primarily for use in power generation and provides selected value-added mining services for other natural resources companies. Coal is surface mined from NACoal's developed mines in North Dakota, Texas, Mississippi and Louisiana. Total coal reserves approximate   2.0 billion   tons with approximately   1.1 billion   tons committed to customers pursuant to long-term contracts.  
    
  NACoal has   two   consolidated mining operations: Mississippi Lignite Mining Company ( MLMC ) and Centennial Natural Resources ("Centennial"). Centennial ceased coal production in the fourth quarter of 2015 but wind-down and reclamation activities are continuing. In addition, NACoal provides dragline mining services for independently owned limerock quarries in Florida. NACoal also has the following wholly owned unconsolidated subsidiaries that each meet the definition of a variable interest entity and are accounted for using the equity method:  
    
  Bisti Fuels Company, LLC ("Bisti") 
  Caddo Creek Resources Company, LLC ( Caddo Creek ) 
  Camino Real Fuels, LLC ( Camino Real ) 
  The Coteau Properties Company ("Coteau") 
  Coyote Creek Mining Company, LLC ( Coyote Creek ) 
  Demery Resources Company, LLC ( Demery ) 
  The Falkirk Mining Company ("Falkirk") 
  Liberty Fuels Company, LLC ( Liberty ) 
  NoDak Energy Services, LLC ("NoDak") 
  The Sabine Mining Company ("Sabine")  
    
  The unconsolidated subsidiaries, with the exception of NoDak, were formed to develop, construct and/or operate surface coal mines under long-term contracts and are capitalized primarily with debt financing provided by or supported by their respective customers, and without recourse to NACCO and NACoal. The contracts with the customers of the unconsolidated subsidiaries provide for reimbursement to the company at a price based on actual costs plus an agreed upon pre-tax profit per ton of coal sold, actual costs plus an agreed upon fee per btu of heating value delivered or actual costs plus a management fee. The fees earned at each mine adjust over time in line with various indices which reflect general inflation rates.   
    
  Coteau, Falkirk, Sabine, Liberty and Coyote Creek supply lignite coal for power generation. Demery and Caddo Creek supply lignite coal for the production of activated carbon. Camino Real supplies and Bisti will supply sub-  bituminous coal for power generation.   NoDak operates and maintains a coal processing facility.  
    
  Coteau, Falkirk and Sabine were developed between 1974 and 1984. Demery commenced delivering coal in 2012. Caddo Creek commenced delivering coal in late 2014. Camino Real commenced delivering coal in October 2015, and expects to mine approximately 2.0 million tons of coal annually when at full production. Coyote Creek began delivering coal in the second quarter of 2016 and expects to deliver approximately 2.5 million tons of coal annually, when at full production. 
  
    16 

     Table of Contents  

Liberty began delivering coal to its customer in July 2016 for facility testing and commissioning. Production levels at Liberty are expected to increase gradually and to build to full production of approximately 4.5 million tons of coal annually beginning in 2022, although the timing of future deliveries will be affected by the timing of the Kemper County Energy Facility reaching full generation capacity.    
    
  Bisti anticipates that it will replace an existing contract miner at an existing mine on approximately January 1, 2017, after which it will make annual coal deliveries of between 5.0 million to 6.0 million tons when the customer's power plant is operating at expected levels. 

FINANCIAL REVIEW 
    
  Tons of coal sold by NACoal's operating mines were as follows for the three and   nine months ended     September 30  : 

The limerock dragline mining operations sold   6.4 million   and   20.3 million   cubic yards of limerock in the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. This compares with   5.2 million   and   14.8 million   cubic yards of limerock in the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

The results of operations for NACoal were as follows for the three and   nine months ended     September 30  : 

(a)   See Note 6   to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Company's unconsolidated subsidiaries, including summarized financial information. 
  (b) The NACoal effective income tax rate is affected by the benefit of percentage depletion.   
  (c) The effective income tax rate is not meaningful as the income tax provision (benefit) amounts are not directly correlated to the pre-tax income. 

Third   Quarter of   2016   Compared with   Third   Quarter of   2015    
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  :  

Revenues decreased in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to the cessation of coal production at Centennial during the fourth quarter of 2015 and a decrease in royalty and other income. Increased revenues at the limerock mining operations from an increase in limerock yards delivered was more than offset by a reduction in revenue at MLMC due to a lower index-based coal sales price in the third quarter of 2016 compared with 2015 as a result of a decline in diesel prices.   

18 

     Table of Contents  

The following table identifies the components of change in operating loss for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  : 

NACoal reported an operating loss of   $10.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   primarily due to the recognition of an asset impairment charge at Centennial.  See   Note 5   for further discussion of this charge. A decrease in other consolidated mining operations and a reduction in royalty and other income also contributed to the change in operating loss. These items were partially offset by the absence of a charge related to an increase in Centennial's asset retirement obligation, an improvement in Centennial's operating results in the third quarter of 2016 when compared with 2015, as well as an increase in earnings of unconsolidated mines as newer mines began or increased production. Centennial's operating loss declined as a result of the cessation of coal production at Centennial during the fourth quarter of 2015, which resulted in substantially lower operating costs to conduct the remaining day-to-day operations of selling equipment, maintaining permits and completing mine reclamation.  
  At the other consolidated mining operations, operating results at MLMC during the third quarter of 2016 were lower compared with 2015 due to the decrease in revenue in the third quarter of 2016 and an increase in cost of sales, which includes both production costs and changes in inventory.  While production costs were comparable between periods, MLMC sold more tons than it produced during the third quarter of 2016, resulting in the recognition of a portion of production costs previously capitalized into inventory. The decline at MLMC was partially offset by an increase in limerock yards delivered at the limerock mining operations during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with 2015.  
    
  NACoal recognized a net loss of   $12.7 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with a net loss of   $5.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to the factors affecting operating loss.  
    
  First Nine Months of 2016     Compared with   First Nine Months of 2015    
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in revenues for the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  : 

Revenues decreased in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015   primarily due to a decrease in revenues at Centennial as a result of the cessation of coal production during the fourth quarter of 2015. The decline in revenue at the other consolidated mining operations was due to a reduction in tons sold at MLMC as a result of an increase in outage days at the customer's power plant in the   first nine months of 2016   and a reduction in the price per ton sold due to a lower index-based coal sales price as a result of a decline in diesel prices during 2015 and 2016. The decline was partially offset by an increase in revenues at the limerock mining operations from an increase in limerock yards delivered.  

19 

     Table of Contents  

The following table identifies the components of change in operating profit for the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  : 

NACoal reported operating profit of   $3.7 million   in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with operating profit of   $3.6 million   in the   first nine months of 2015  . Operating profit was favorably impacted by the cessation of coal production at Centennial during the fourth quarter of 2015, which resulted in substantially lower operating costs to conduct the remaining day-to-day operations, and the absence of a charge related to an increase in Centennial's asset retirement obligation. An increase in earnings of unconsolidated mines as newer mines began or increased production also contributed to the increase in operating profit.  
  These items were largely offset by an asset impairment charge at Centennial and an increase in Other selling, general and administrative expenses, primarily due to higher employee-related costs, as well as reductions in royalty and other income and other consolidated mining operations.  See   Note 5   for further discussion of the asset impairment charge. At the other consolidated mining operations, operating results at MLMC were lower during the   first nine months of 2016   compared with 2015 primarily due to a reduction in tons sold as a result of an increase in outage days at the customer's power plant.  The decline at MLMC was partially offset by an increase in limerock yards delivered at the limerock mining operations during the   first nine months of 2016   compared with 2015.  
  NACoal recognized a net loss of   $1.1 million   in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with net income of   $3.4 million   in the   first nine months of 2015  . The change in results was due to a decrease in other income, as dividend income of $0.9 million in the   first nine months of 2015   did not recur in the   first nine months of 2016  , as well as changes in income tax. NACoal recorded an income tax provision of less than $0.1 million on a loss before income taxes of $1.1 million in the   first nine months of 2016  .  The income tax provision for the   first nine months of 2016   includes the reversal of a $2.3 million uncertain tax position. The Company also reversed a corresponding indemnification receivable related to the uncertain tax position that resulted in $2.2 million of other expense in the   first nine months of 2016  . The uncertain tax position and the indemnification receivable were initially recorded as part of the Centennial acquisition. NACoal recorded an income tax benefit of $1.8 million on income before tax of $1.6 million in the   first nine months of 2015  . The income tax benefit recognized in the   first nine months of 2015   was impacted by the mix of taxable earnings and losses, including losses related to Centennial. 

20 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The following tables detail the changes in cash flow for the   nine months ended     September 30  : 

The change in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily the result of working capital changes, partially offset by a change in other operating activities during the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  .   The change in working capital was mainly attributable to a significant decrease in accounts receivable from affiliates as NACoal received payment fr  om Coyote Creek  ,   an unconsolidated mine, in the   first nine months of 2015  . A significant decrease in accrued payroll as a result of payments made during the   first nine months of 2016   as well as the change in net intercompany accounts receivable/payable also contributed to the change in working capital in the   first nine months of 2016  . The change in net intercompany accounts receivable/payable was due to the timing of intercompany tax payments to NACCO.  The change in other was mainly attributable to the change in deferred income taxes. 
    
  The increase in net cash used for investing activities was primarily attributable to increased expenditures for property, plant and equipment. In the   first nine months of 2016  , capital expenditures were mainly for the purchase of machinery and equipment at MLMC.   

The change in net cash used for financing activities was primarily from repayments made in 2015 on NACoal's revolving line of credit as a result of the   payment received fr  om Coyote Creek during the first quarter of 2015.   
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  NACoal has an unsecured revolving line of credit of up to   $225.0 million   (the  NACoal Facility ) that expires in November 2018. Borrowings outstanding under the NACoal Facility were   $100.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . At   September 30, 2016  , the excess availability under the NACoal Facility was   $123.9 million  , which reflects a reduction for outstanding letters of credit of   $1.1 million  .  
    
  The NACoal Facility has performance-based pricing, which sets interest rates based upon achieving various levels of debt to EBITDA ratios, as defined in the NACoal Facility. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus a margin based on the level of debt to EBITDA ratio achieved. The applicable margins, effective   September 30, 2016  , for base rate and LIBOR loans were   1.00%   and   2.00%  , respectively. The NACoal Facility has a commitment fee which is based upon achieving various levels of  
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  

debt to EBITDA ratios. The commitment fee was   0.35%   on the unused commitment at   September 30, 2016  . The floating rate of interest applicable to the NACoal Facility at   September 30, 2016   was   3.39%   including the floating rate margin and the effect of the interest rate swap agreement discussed below. 
    
  To reduce the exposure to changes in the market rate of interest, NACoal has entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a portion of the NACoal Facility. Terms of the interest rate swap agreement require NACoal to receive a variable interest rate and pay a fixed interest rate. NACoal has interest rate swaps with notional values totaling   $100.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   at an average fixed rate of   1.4%  .   
    
  The NACoal Facility contains restrictive covenants, which require, among other things, NACoal to maintain a maximum debt to EBITDA ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 and an interest coverage ratio of not less than 4.00 to 1.00. The NACoal Facility provides the ability to make loans, dividends and advances to NACCO, with some restrictions based on maintaining a maximum debt to EBITDA ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 in conjunction with maintaining unused availability thresholds of borrowing capacity, as defined in the NACoal Facility, of $15.0 million. At   September 30, 2016  , NACoal was in compliance with all financial covenants in the NACoal Facility. 
    
  NACoal has a demand note payable to Coteau which bears interest based on the applicable quarterly federal short-term interest rate as announced from time to time by the Internal Revenue Service. At   September 30, 2016  , the balance of the note was   $1.2 million   and the interest rate was   0.71%  . 
    
  NACoal believes funds available from cash on hand at the Company, the NACoal Facility and operating cash flows will provide sufficient liquidity to meet its operating needs and commitments arising during the next twelve months and until the expiration of the NACoal Facility.  
    
  Contractual Obligations, Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
    
  Since   December 31, 2015  , there have been no significant changes in the total amount of NACoal's contractual obligations, contingent liabilities or commercial commitments, or the timing of cash flows in accordance with those obligations as reported on page 48 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .    See Note 6   for a discussion of certain guarantees related to Coyote Creek. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were   $7.3 million   during the   first nine months of 2016  . NACoal estimates that its capital expenditures for the remainder of   2016   will be an additional   $7.9 million  , primarily for mine machinery, equipment and land. These expenditures are expected to be funded from internally generated funds and bank borrowings. 
    
  Capital Structure 
    
  NACoal's capital structure is presented below: 

The decrease in other net tangible assets during the   first nine months of 2016   was primarily due to the Centennial asset impairment charge and the change in deferred taxes partially offset by a significant decrease in accrued payroll and a change in intercompany taxes.  Accrued payroll decreased as payments were made during the first quarter of 2016.  

22 

Table of Contents  

OUTLOOK 
    
  NACoal expects an increase in tons sold in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, as well as an increase in income before income taxes and net income, both including and excluding Centennial.  Excluding Centennial, the increase in income is expected to be driven by additional income from the unconsolidated mining operations due to production from Coyote Creek, which began producing in 2016, partially offset by a substantial decline in MLMC results and increased Otter Creek Mine expenses associated with land leases. 
    
  At the unconsolidated mining operations, Coyote Creek expects to deliver approximately 2.5 million tons of coal annually when at full production.  In July 2016, Liberty began delivering coal to its customer for facility testing and commissioning.  Production levels at Liberty are expected to increase gradually and to build to full production of approximately 4.5 million tons of coal annually beginning in 2022, although the timing of future deliveries will be affected by the timing of the Kemper County Energy Facility reaching full generation capacity.  NACoal's Bisti commenced its transition into the contract miner role at the Navajo Mine on January 1, 2016.  While Bisti is recognizing income during the transition period, it will not receive cash payments until the production period begins on approximately January 1, 2017.  Production levels are expected to be approximately 5.0 to 6.0 million tons of coal per year when the customer's power plant is operating at expected levels.   
    
  At the consolidated mining operations, MLMC expects a significant decrease in fourth-quarter 2016 operating results compared with fourth-quarter 2015 due to an increase in production costs because the fourth quarter of 2015 included a benefit from the reversal of an accrual related to a leased asset. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, NACoal entered into a new dragline mining services contract with a new customer in Florida and commenced operations under that contract on October 10, 2016.  Fourth-quarter 2016 results at the limerock mining operations are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter of 2015 as activity at the new limerock mining operation is expected to be offset by reduced requirements at the existing limerock operations. 
    
  Centennial expects to incur a moderate loss in the fourth quarter of 2016 as it manages mine reclamation obligations and disposes of certain assets.  Centennial will continue to evaluate strategies to maximize cash flow, including through the sale of mineral reserves and equipment.  The company is evaluating a range of strategies for its Alabama mineral reserves, including holding reserves with substantial unmined coal tons for sale or contract mining when conditions in Alabama and global coal markets improve.  Cash expenditures related to mine reclamation will continue until reclamation is complete or ownership of the mines is transferred.  
    
  Cash flow before financing activities in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2016 is expected to be substantially lower compared with the respective periods in 2015.  Capital expenditures are estimated to be $7.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2016 and $15.2 million for the full year.  
    
  Overall for the full year 2016, excluding Centennial, NACoal's operating profit is expected to decrease compared with 2015, as substantially improved results at the unconsolidated mines and the limerock mining operations are expected to be more than offset by significantly reduced results at MLMC and higher corporate operating expenses.  At Centennial, excluding the $17.4 million asset impairment charge in 2016 and the $7.5 million asset retirement charge in 2015, the current year operating losses at Centennial are expected to be significantly less than in 2015. 
    
  In 2017, excluding the effect of the 2016 asset impairment charge, NACoal expects a significant increase in income before income taxes compared with the prior year.  Results in 2017 are expected to benefit from higher income from the unconsolidated mining operations as NACoal transitions into the contract miner role at Bisti in early January when the production period begins, and from the realization of a full year of income at Coyote Creek.  A lower, more moderate, operating loss at Centennial is also expected to contribute to the improvement in income before income taxes.  
    
  The improvement in income before income taxes in 2017 is expected to be partially offset by a moderate continued decrease in MLMC results, primarily in the first half of 2017.  Royalty and other income is also expected to decrease in 2017 compared with 2016, as are results from the limerock mining operations as deliveries from the new limerock mining operations are not expected to offset an anticipated decline in customer requirements at the existing limerock mining operations.      
    
  Cash flow before financing activities is expected to increase in 2017 compared with 2016.  Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $14 million in 2017. 
    
  Over the longer-term, NACoal s goal continues to be to increase earnings of its unconsolidated mines by approximately 50% from the 2012 level of $45.2 million through the development and maturation of its newer mines and normal escalation of  
  
    23 

     Table of Contents  

contractual compensation at its existing mines.  Income related to NACoal's newer mines, as well as the commencement of production at Bisti, will contribute to this goal in 2017 and beyond.  However, generally low U.S. inflation rates, as reflected in typical market indices, such as the Consumer Price Index and the Producer Price Index, will determine the extent to which contractual compensation at the unconsolidated mines will change year by year.  Achievement of the goal to increase earnings of the unconsolidated mines by 50% is currently expected to occur in 2018, but timing will depend on future inflation rates and customer demand. 
    
  NACoal expects to continue its efforts to develop new mining projects and is pursuing opportunities for new or expanded coal mining projects, although future opportunities are likely to be very limited.  In addition, NACoal continues to pursue additional non-coal mining opportunities, principally in aggregates.   

HAMILTON BEACH BRANDS, INC.    
    
  HBB is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, bars and hotels. HBB s products are marketed primarily to retail merchants and wholesale distributors.  HBB's business is seasonal, and a majority of its revenues and operating profit typically occurs in the second half of the year when sales of small electric appliances to retailers and consumers increase significantly for the fall holiday-selling season.  
    
  FINANCIAL REVIEW 
    
  The results of operations for HBB were as follows for the three and   nine months ended     September 30  : 

Third   Quarter of   2016   Compared with   Third   Quarter of   2015    
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  : 

Revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   decreased   3.7%   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to a reduction in sales volumes, mainly in the U.S. specialty housewares market and Canadian consumer retail market, and unfavorable foreign currency movements as the Mexican peso weakened against the U.S dollar.  
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in operating profit for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  : 

HBB's operating profit increased in the   third   quarter of   2016   from the   third   quarter of   2015   due to improved gross profit and reduced selling, general and administrative expenses. The increase in gross profit was mainly attributable to lower product costs and a shift in sales mix to higher-priced and higher-margin products.  Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased due to lower professional and outside service fees.  
    
  HBB recognized net income of   $9.5 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with net income of   $6.4 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to the factors affecting operating profit. 
    
  First Nine Months of 2016     Compared with   First Nine Months of 2015    
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in revenues for the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  : 

Revenues for the   first nine months of 2016   decreased   3.9%   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  .  Revenues decreased primarily due to a reduction in sales volumes, primarily in the U.S. consumer retail market, in part driven by an unexpected decline in retail demand early in the first quarter as retailers re-balanced their inventory at the end of the holiday-selling season. Unfavorable foreign currency movements also contributed to the decrease in revenues as both the Mexican peso and Canadian dollar weakened against the U.S. dollar.  
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in operating profit for the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  : 

HBB's operating profit increased in the   first nine months of 2016   from the   first nine months of 2015   due to lower selling, general and administrative expenses and higher gross profit, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements.  Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased as a result of lower professional and outside service fees. The increase in gross profit was mainly attributable to a shift in sales mix to higher-priced, higher-margin products and lower costs, partially offset by reduced sales volumes.   
    
  HBB recognized net income of   $12.2 million   in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with net income of   $8.6 million   in the   first nine months of 2015   primarily due to lower selling, general and administrative expenses and increased gross profit. 

24 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The following tables detail the changes in cash flow for the   nine months ended     September 30  : 

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities increased   $49.4 million   in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015   primarily as a result of the change in working capital. The change in working capital was mainly attributable to changes in accounts payable, accounts receivable and inventory in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  . Accounts payable had a larger increase during the first nine months of 2016 compared with the   first nine months of 2015   primarily due to a change in the timing of payments. Accounts receivable had a larger decrease during the first nine months of 2016 compared with the first nine months of 2015 attributable to lower sales and strong cash collections. Inventory increased less in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the   first nine months of 2015  , resulting in a source of cash, due to HBB's inventory management initiative. 

The change in net cash provided by (used for) financing activities was mainly the result of a decrease in borrowings as HBB required less cash to fund working capital during the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  .  
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  HBB has a   $115.0 million   senior secured floating-rate revolving credit facility (the  HBB Facility ) that expires June 30, 2021. The obligations under the HBB Facility are secured by substantially all of HBB's assets. The approximate book value of HBB's assets held as collateral under the HBB Facility was   $278.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the borrowing base under the HBB Facility was   $110.6 million   and borrowings outstanding under the HBB Facility were   $21.4 million  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the excess availability under the HBB Facility was   $89.2 million  .  
    
  The maximum availability under the HBB Facility is governed by a borrowing base derived from advance rates against eligible accounts receivable, inventory and trademarks of the borrowers, as defined in the HBB Facility. Adjustments to reserves booked against these assets, including inventory reserves, will change the eligible borrowing base and thereby impact the liquidity provided by the HBB Facility. A portion of the availability is denominated in Canadian dollars to provide funding to HBB's Canadian subsidiary. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate, which can be a base rate or LIBOR, as defined in the HBB Facility, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margins, effective   September 30, 2016  , for base rate loans and LIBOR loans denominated in U.S. dollars were   0.00%   and   1.50%  , respectively. The applicable margins, effective   September 30, 2016  , for base rate loans and bankers' acceptance loans denominated in Canadian dollars were   0.00%   and 1.50%, respectively. The HBB Facility also requires a fee of   0.25%   per annum on the unused commitment. The margins and unused commitment fee under the HBB Facility are subject to quarterly adjustment based on average excess availability. The floating rate of interest  
  
    25 

     Table of Contents  

applicable to the HBB Facility at   September 30, 2016   was   2.85%   including the floating rate margin and the effect of interest rate swap agreements discussed below.  
    
  To reduce the exposure to changes in the market rate of interest, HBB has entered into interest rate swap agreements for a portion of the HBB Facility. Terms of the interest rate swap agreements require HBB to receive a variable interest rate and pay a fixed interest rate. HBB has interest rate swaps with notional values totaling   $20.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   at an average fixed rate of   1.4%  .  HBB also has delayed start interest rate swaps with notional values totaling $25.0 million at September 30, 2016, at an average fixed rate of 1.6%. 
    
  The HBB Facility includes restrictive covenants, which, among other things, limit the payment of dividends to NACCO, subject to achieving availability thresholds. Dividends are discretionary to the extent that for the thirty days prior to the dividend payment date, and after giving effect to the dividend payment, HBB maintains excess availability of not less than $25.0 million. The HBB Facility also requires HBB to achieve a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio in certain circumstances, as defined in the HBB Facility. At   September 30, 2016  , HBB was in compliance with all financial covenants in the HBB Facility. 
    
  HBB believes funds available from cash on hand at the Company, the HBB Facility and operating cash flows will provide sufficient liquidity to meet its operating needs and commitments arising during the next twelve months and until the expiration of the HBB Facility. 
    
  Contractual Obligations, Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
    
  In the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no significant changes in the total amount of HBB's contractual obligations, contingent liabilities or commercial commitments, or the timing of cash flows in accordance with those obligations as reported on page 55 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , other than the extension of the HBB facility from July 2019 to June 2021. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were   $3.3 million   for the   first nine months of 2016   and are estimated to be an additional $2.8 million for the remainder of   2016  . These planned capital expenditures are primarily for tooling for new products and improvements to HBB's information technology infrastructure. These expenditures are expected to be funded from internally generated funds and bank borrowings. 
    
  Capital Structure 
    
  Working capital is significantly affected by the seasonality of HBB's business. The following is a discussion of the changes in HBB's capital structure at   September 30, 2016   compared with both   September 30, 2015   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  September 30, 2016   Compared with   September 30, 2015    

Net assets decreased   $33.3 million   from   September 30, 2015   primarily due to a decrease in other net tangible assets. Other net tangible assets decreased   $36.3 million   from   September 30, 2015   mainly as a result of a decrease in accounts receivable and inventory.  The change in accounts receivable was primarily attributable to strong cash collections and lower sales in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  .  The decrease in inventory was primarily attributable to HBB's inventory management initiative during the   first nine months of 2016  .  
    
  Total debt decreased   $38.7 million   as HBB required less cash for working capital purposes.  
  
    26 

     Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015    

Other net tangible assets decreased   $29.7 million   from   December 31, 2015   primarily due to a significant increase in accounts payable and a decrease in accounts receivable partially offset by an increase in inventory during the   first nine months of 2016  . These changes were primarily attributable to the seasonality of the business.  
    
  Total debt decreased   $36.5 million   mainly as a result of strong cash collections during the   first nine months of 2016  . 

OUTLOOK 
    
  Overall consumer confidence and financial pressures experienced by the middle-market consumer continue to create uncertainty about the overall growth prospects for the U.S. retail market for small appliances, including growth prospects for both in-store and internet sales. As a result, market volumes for the fourth quarter of 2016 in the market in which HBB's core brands participate are projected to be comparable or down slightly compared with the same period in 2015.  The Canadian retail market is also expected to be difficult as the Canadian economy continues to struggle.  International and commercial markets in which HBB participates are expected to grow moderately in the fourth quarter of 2016, but at a slower pace than in the first part of 2016.  
    
  In spite of current market conditions, HBB expects its consolidated sales volumes to increase in the 2016 fourth quarter compared with the fourth quarter of 2015 as a result of increased placements and promotions of higher-priced products in its core small kitchen appliance business for the fourth quarter holiday-selling season, as well as anticipated improvements in its other U.S. consumer product lines.      HBB's international and commercial product sales volumes are expected to increase in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015 as a result of the continued execution of its strategic initiatives.  
    
  HBB continues to focus on strengthening the consumer market position of its various product lines through product innovation, promotions, increased placements and branding programs.  The company will continue to introduce new innovative products, as well as upgrades to certain existing products across a wide range of brands, price points and categories in both the retail and commercial marketplaces, and leverage its strong brand portfolio.  HBB also expects its growing global commercial business to benefit from broader distribution of several newer products.  The company continues to pursue other opportunities to create or add product lines and new brands that can be distributed in high-end or specialty stores and on the Internet, including the introduction of the Hamilton Beach        Professional premium line of counter-top kitchen appliances in the third quarter of 2016.  
    
  As a result of anticipated increases in 2016 sales volumes from new product introductions and execution of its strategic initiatives, both domestically and internationally, HBB expects fourth quarter 2016 revenues to increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, provided consumer spending is at expected fourth quarter levels.  The fourth-quarter revenue increase is expected to offset the nine months ended September 30, 2016 revenue decline compared with the prior year period.  As a result, full year 2016 revenues are expected to be comparable to 2015. 
    
  Overall, HBB expects net income in the fourth quarter of 2016 to increase substantially compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, resulting in a significant increase in full year 2016 net income compared with 2015.  The anticipated increase in revenues in the fourth quarter of 2016, resulting from increased distribution and continued implementation and execution of HBB's strategic initiatives, as well as increased sales of higher-margin products and reduced product costs, are expected to be partially offset by higher transportation and warehousing costs from the higher sales volumes and increased selling, general and administrative expenses.  HBB continues to monitor currency effects, as well as commodity and other input costs, closely and intends to continue to adjust product prices and product placements, as market conditions permit.  

27 

     Table of Contents  

The fourth quarter 2016 cash flow before financing activities is expected to be positive but substantially lower than the fourth quarter of 2015.  However, full year 2016 cash flow before financing activities is expected to be substantially higher than in 2015.  Capital expenditures are estimated to be $2.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $6.1 million for the full year.  
    
  In 2017, the consumer retail market for small kitchen appliances is expected to be comparable to 2016.  The international markets in which HBB participates are expected to continue to grow moderately.  Overall HBB's sales volumes and revenues are expected to increase in 2017 compared with 2016 due to enhanced distribution and increased higher-margin product placements resulting from the execution of the company's strategic initiatives.  Net income in 2017 is expected to be comparable to 2016 as the benefits of the increased revenues are expected to be offset by the costs to implement these initiatives, increased advertising costs, modest increases in distribution costs and higher income tax expense.      In 2017, cash flow before financing activities is expected to be substantial but lower than 2016 and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $8 million. 
    
  Longer term, HBB will work to improve return on sales through economies of scale derived from market growth and its five strategic revenue growth initiatives focused on  enhancing its placements in the North American consumer business, enhancing internet sales, growing its participation in the "only-the-best" market by investing in new products to be sold under the Jamba       , Wolf Gourmet       , Weston        and Hamilton Beach        Professional brand names, expanding internationally, and growing its global commercial presence through enhanced global product lines for chains and distributors serving the global food service and hospitality markets.  

THE KITCHEN COLLECTION, LLC 
    
  KC is a national specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet and traditional malls throughout the United States. KC's business is seasonal, and a majority of its revenues and operating profit is typically earned in the second half of the year when sales of kitchenware to consumers increase significantly for the fall holiday-selling season.  
    
  FINANCIAL REVIEW 
    
  The results of operations for KC were as follows for the three and   nine months ended     September 30  : 

Third   Quarter of   2016   Compared with   Third   Quarter of   2015    
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  : 

Revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   decreased compared with the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to the loss of sales from closing unprofitable stores since   September 30, 2015   and a decline in comparable store sales. The decrease in comparable store sales was mainly attributable to fewer customer visits and a decline in the number of store transactions, partially offset by improvements in the average sales transaction value. These decreases were partially offset by sales at newly opened stores.  
  
    28 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , KC operated a total of   221   stores compared with   224   stores at   September 30, 2015   and   229   stores at   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in operating loss for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  : 

KC's operating loss in the   third   quarter of   2016   was comparable to the operating loss in the the   third   quarter of   2015   despite the reduction in revenues, primarily as a result of seasonal losses at newly opened stores partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses.   
    
  KC reported a net loss of   $0.7 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with a net loss of   $0.6 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to the factors affecting the operating loss as well as a lower effective income tax rate that resulted in a reduced tax benefit on KC's pre-tax loss.  

First Nine Months of 2016     Compared with   First Nine Months of 2015    
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in revenues for the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  : 

Revenues for the   first nine months of 2016   decreased compared with the   first nine months of 2015   primarily due to the loss of sales from closing unprofitable stores since   September 30, 2015   and a decline in comparable store sales. The decrease in comparable store sales resulted from a reduction in store transactions as customer traffic declined in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  . These decreases were partially offset by sales at newly opened stores.  
    
  The following table identifies the components of change in operating loss for the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  : 

29 

     Table of Contents  

KC's operating loss in the   first nine months of 2016   was comparable to the   first nine months of 2015   despite the reduction in revenues, primarily as the favorable effect of closing unprofitable stores was partially offset by seasonal losses at newly opened stores and a reduction in store transactions at comparable stores. 
    
  KC reported a net loss of   $4.5 million   in   first nine months of 2016   compared with a net loss of   $4.3 million   in the   first nine months of 2015  , primarily due to the factors affecting the operating loss as well as a lower effective income tax rate that resulted in a reduced tax benefit on KC's pre-tax loss.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The following tables detail the changes in cash flow for the   nine months ended     September 30  : 

The   $4.8 million   increase in net cash used for operating activities was primarily the result of the change in working capital in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  . The change in working capital was primarily the result of a change in net intercompany accounts receivable/payable and a larger increase in inventory partially offset by a larger increase in accounts payable in the   first nine months of 2016   compared with the   first nine months of 2015  .  The change in net intercompany accounts receivable/payable was due to the timing of intercompany tax payments to NACCO.  The larger increase in inventory during the first nine months of 2016 was primarily attributable to lower inventory per store at December 31, 2015, partially offset by a larger increase in accounts payable in the first nine months of 2016 due to the timing of inventory purchases. 

The change in net cash provided by (used for) financing activities was the result of cash dividends paid to NACCO in the   first nine months of 2016  , partially offset by an increase in borrowings as KC required more cash for working capital during the   first nine months of 2016   than it did in the   first nine months of 2015  .  
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  KC has a   $25.0 million   secured revolving line of credit that expires in September 2019 (the  KC Facility ). The obligations under the KC Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of KC. The approximate book value of KC's assets collateralized under the KC Facility was   $46.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . At   September 30, 2016  , the borrowing base under the KC Facility was   $20.7 million   and borrowings outstanding under the KC Facility were   $5.3 million  . At   September 30, 2016  , the excess availability under the KC Facility was   $15.4 million  .  
    
  The maximum availability under the KC Facility is derived from a borrowing base formula using KC's eligible inventory and eligible credit card accounts receivable, as defined in the KC Facility. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus a margin based on the excess availability under the agreement, as defined in the KC Facility, which can be either a base rate plus a margin of   1.00%   or LIBOR plus a margin of   2.00%   as of   September 30, 2016  . The KC Facility also requires a commitment fee of   0.32%   per annum on the unused commitment. The floating rate of interest applicable to the KC Facility at   September 30, 2016   was   3%   including the floating rate margin. 
    
  The KC Facility allows for the payment of dividends to NACCO, subject to certain restrictions based on availability and meeting a fixed charge coverage ratio as described in the KC Facility. Dividends are limited to (i) $6.0 million in any twelve-month period, so long as KC has excess availability, as defined in the KC Facility, of at least $7.5 million after giving effect to such payment and maintaining a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.1 to 1.0, as defined in the KC Facility; (ii) $2.0 million in any twelve-month period, so long as KC has excess availability, as defined in the KC Facility, of at least $7.5 million after giving effect to such payment or (iii) in such amounts as determined by KC, so long as KC has excess availability under the KC Facility of $15.0 million after giving effect to such payment. At   September 30, 2016  , KC was in compliance with all financial covenants in the KC Facility. 
    
  KC believes funds available from cash on hand at the Company, the KC Facility and operating cash flows will provide sufficient liquidity to meet its operating needs and commitments arising during the next twelve months and until the expiration of the KC Facility.  
    
  Contractual Obligations, Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
    
  Since   December 31, 2015  , there have been no significant changes in the total amount of KC's contractual obligations, contingent liabilities or commercial commitments, or the timing of cash flows in accordance with those obligations as reported on page 61 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were   $1.1 million   for the   first nine months of 2016   and are estimated to be an additional   $0.4 million   for the remainder of   2016  . These planned capital expenditures are primarily for improvements to KC's information technology infrastructure, store remodels and new store fixtures. These expenditures are expected to be funded from internally generated funds and bank borrowings.  
    
  Capital Structure 
    
  Working capital is significantly affected by the seasonality of KC's business. The following is a discussion of the changes in KC's capital structure at   September 30, 2016   compared with both   September 30, 2015   and   December 31, 2015  . 

30 

     Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016   Compared with   September 30, 2015    

The   $6.7 million   decrease in other net tangible assets at   September 30, 2016   compared with   September 30, 2015   was mainly attributable to an increase in accounts payable due to timing and a reduction in inventory resulting from a decrease in average inventory per store at   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015    

Other net tangible assets increased   $6.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared with   December 31, 2015   primarily as a result of an increase in inventory and a change in intercompany taxes, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. The increase in inventory and accounts payable was the result of lower inventory levels and purchases at the end of the 2015 holiday-selling season.  

OUTLOOK 
    
  Changing consumer habits have led to declining consumer traffic to physical retail locations as consumers buy more over the Internet or utilize the Internet for comparison shopping.  Financial pressures on middle-market consumers interested in housewares and small appliances have also adversely affected sales trends in these categories over the last few years, while the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar has adversely affected sales trends at retail locations near the Mexican and Canadian borders, as well as at stores in areas with high international tourism.  All of these factors are expected to continue to limit KC's target consumers' spending on housewares and small appliances in the remainder of 2016 and in 2017.  Given this market environment, KC has continued to reduce the number of stores and to focus on a smaller core number of Kitchen Collection        outlet stores.  
    
  As a result of ongoing market weakness and fewer stores, KC anticipates revenues to decline modestly in the fourth quarter of 2016 and for the 2016 full year compared with the respective 2015 periods.  Fourth quarter and full year 2016 results are expected to be comparable to the prior year periods as a result of a lower effective income tax rate.  KC believes its smaller core store portfolio is well positioned to allow it to perform at improved operating levels, take advantage of any future market rebound and optimize its operating performance over time.  Cash flow before financing activities is expected to be positive in 2016 but substantially lower than 2015.  Capital expenditures are expected to be $0.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $1.5 million for the 2016 full year. 
    
  KC's continued focus on increasing the average sale per transaction, the average closure rate and increasing the number of items per transaction through continued refinement of its format and improved customer interactions to enhance customers' store experience is expected to generate comparable store sales growth over time.  Additionally, improved product offerings, a focus on sales of higher-margin products, merchandise mix and displays, new store profitability, closure of underperforming stores and optimizing the expense structure is expected to generate improved operating profit over time.  As a result of these initiatives, KC expects near breakeven results in 2017, provided customer visits are at expected levels, on lower revenues.   
  
    31 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues in 2017 are expected to decrease modestly compared with 2016 as KC continues to prudently close non-performing stores.  Cash flow before financing activities is expected to be positive in 2017 but lower than 2016.  

NACCO AND OTHER 
    
  NACCO and Other includes the parent company operations and Bellaire.  
    
  FINANCIAL REVIEW 
    
  Operating Results 
    
  The results of operations at NACCO and Other were as follows for the   nine months ended     September 30  : 

Third   Quarter of   2016   Compared with   Third   Quarter of   2015   and   First Nine Months of 2016     Compared with   First Nine Months of 2015    
    
  The increase in the operating loss and net loss for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the 2015 comparable periods was primarily due to higher employee-related expenses partially offset by an increase in management fees charged to the subsidiaries. 
    
  Management Fees 
  The management fees charged to the operating subsidiaries represent an allocation of corporate overhead of the parent company. Management fees are allocated among all subsidiaries based upon the relative size and complexity of each subsidiary. The Company believes the allocation method is consistently applied and reasonable. 
    
  Following are the parent company management fees included in each subsidiary's selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and   nine months ended     September 30  : 

Stock Repurchase Program 
  See Item 2 and   Note 4   to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for a discussion of the Company's stock repurchase program. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Although NACCO's subsidiaries have entered into substantial borrowing agreements, NACCO has not guaranteed any borrowings of its subsidiaries. The borrowing agreements at NACoal, HBB and KC allow for the payment to NACCO of dividends and advances under certain circumstances. Dividends (to the extent permitted by its subsidiaries' borrowing agreements) and management fees from its subsidiaries are the primary sources of cash for NACCO.  

32 

     Table of Contents  

The Company believes funds available from cash on hand, its subsidiaries' credit facilities and anticipated funds generated from operations are sufficient to finance all of the subsidiaries' scheduled principal repayments, and its operating needs and commitments arising during the next twelve months and until the expiration of its subsidiaries' credit facilities. 
    
  Contractual Obligations, Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
    
  Since   December 31, 2015  , there have been no significant changes in the total amount of NACCO and Other contractual obligations, contingent liabilities or commercial commitments, or the timing of cash flows in accordance with those obligations as reported on page 64 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Capital Structure 
    
  NACCO's consolidated capital structure is presented below: 

EFFECTS OF FOREIGN CURRENCY 
    
  HBB operates internationally and enters into transactions denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, the Company is subject to the variability that arises from exchange rate movements. The effects of foreign currency fluctuations on revenues, operating profit and net income at HBB are addressed in the previous discussions of operating results. See also Item 3, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  in Part I of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  The statements contained in this Form 10-Q that are not historical facts are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  These forward-looking statements are made subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.  The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. Such risks and uncertainties with respect to each subsidiary's operations include, without limitation: 
    
  NACoal:   (1) changes in tax laws or regulatory requirements, including changes in mining or power plant emission regulations and health, safety or environmental legislation, (2) changes in costs related to geological conditions, repairs and maintenance, new equipment and replacement parts, fuel or other similar items, (3) regulatory actions, changes in mining permit requirements or delays in obtaining mining permits that could affect deliveries to customers, (4) weather conditions, extended power plant outages or other events that would change the level of customers' coal or limerock requirements, (5) weather or equipment problems that could affect deliveries to customers, (6) changes in the power industry that would affect demand for NACoal's reserves, (7) changes in the costs to reclaim NACoal mining areas, (8) costs to pursue and develop new mining opportunities, (9) changes to or termination of a long-term mining contract, or a customer default under a contract, (10) the timing and pricing of transactions to dispose of assets at the Centennial operations, (11) delays or reductions in coal deliveries at NACoal's newer mines, and (12) increased competition, including consolidation within the industry.  
    
  HBB:   (1) changes in the sales prices, product mix or levels of consumer purchases of small electric and specialty housewares appliances, (2) changes in consumer retail and credit markets, (3) bankruptcy of or loss of major retail customers or suppliers, (4) changes in costs, including transportation costs, of sourced products, (5) delays in delivery of sourced products, (6) changes in or unavailability of quality or cost effective suppliers, (7) exchange rate fluctuations, changes in the foreign import tariffs and monetary policies and other changes in the regulatory climate in the foreign countries in which HBB buys, operates and/or  
  
    33 

     Table of Contents  

sells products, (8) product liability, regulatory actions or other litigation, warranty claims or returns of products, (9) customer acceptance of, changes in costs of, or delays in the development of new products, (10) increased competition, including consolidation within the industry and (11) changes mandated by federal, state and other regulation, including health, safety or environmental legislation.   
    
  KC:   (1) changes in consumer buying habits, gasoline prices, weather conditions, the level of consumer confidence and disposable income as a result of economic conditions, unemployment rates or other events or conditions that may adversely affect the number of customers visiting Kitchen Collection        stores, (2) changes in the sales prices, product mix or levels of consumer purchases of kitchenware, small electric appliances and gourmet foods, (3) changes in costs, including transportation costs, of inventory, (4) delays in delivery or the unavailability of inventory, (5) customer acceptance of new products, (6) the anticipated impact of the opening of new stores, the ability to renegotiate existing leases and effectively and efficiently close under-performing stores and (7) increased competition. 

34 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  INTEREST RATE RISK 
  The Company's subsidiaries, NACoal, HBB and KC, have entered into certain financing arrangements that require interest payments based on floating interest rates. As such, the Company's financial results are subject to changes in the market rate of interest. There is an inherent rollover risk for borrowings as they mature and are renewed at current market rates.  The extent of this risk is not quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and business financing requirements. To reduce the exposure to changes in the market rate of interest, NACoal and HBB have entered into interest rate swap agreements for a portion of their floating rate financing arrangements. The Company does not enter into interest rate swap agreements for trading purposes. Terms of the interest rate swap agreements provide for the subsidiaries to receive a variable interest rate and pay a fixed interest rate.  
    
  The fair value of the Company's interest rate swap agreements was a net   payable   of   $1.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  . A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates would not cause a material change in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements at   September 30, 2016   and, assuming no changes in the Company's financial structure as it stands, would not have a material effect on annual interest expense.  
    
  FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
  HBB operates internationally and enters into transactions denominated in foreign currencies, principally the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, the Chinese yuan and Brazilian real.  As such, its financial results are subject to the variability that arises from exchange rate movements. The fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies affects the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. The potential impact of currency fluctuation increases as international expansion increases. 
  HBB uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts to partially reduce risks related to transactions denominated in foreign currencies and not for trading purposes. These contracts generally mature within twelve months and require HBB to buy or sell the functional currency in which the applicable subsidiary operates and buy or sell U.S. dollars at rates agreed to at the inception of the contracts. The fair value of these contracts was a net   receivable   of less than   $0.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  For purposes of risk analysis, the Company uses sensitivity analyses to measure the potential loss in fair value of financial instruments sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company assumes that a loss in fair value is either a decrease to its assets or an increase to its liabilities. Assuming a hypothetical 10% weakening of the U.S. dollar compared with other foreign currencies at   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of foreign currency-sensitive financial instruments, which primarily represent forward foreign currency exchange contracts, would not cause a material change in the fair value of the contracts at   September 30, 2016  . It is important to note that the change in fair value indicated in this sensitivity analysis would be somewhat offset by changes in the fair value of the underlying receivables and payables, which would not be material. 
    
  COMMODITY PRICE RISK 
  The Company uses certain commodities, including steel and diesel fuel, in the normal course of its mining processes. As such, the cost of operations is subject to variability as the market for these commodities changes. The Company monitors this risk and utilizes forward purchase contracts to manage a portion of NACoal's exposure related to diesel fuel volatility. There have been no material changes in the Company's commodity price risk during the   third   quarter of   2016  .  

35 

Table of Contents  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures:   An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
    
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting:   During the   third   quarter of   2016  , there have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

36 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
  OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1        Legal Proceedings 
  None. 

Item 1A        Risk Factors 
  No material changes to the risk factors for NACoal, HBB, KC or General from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   

Item 2        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

(1) 
    On May 10, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the "2016 Stock Repurchase Program") providing for the purchase of up to $50 million of the Company's Class A Common Stock outstanding through December 31, 2017. The timing and amount of any repurchases under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program are determined at the discretion of the Company's management based on a number of factors, including the availability of capital, other capital allocation alternatives and market conditions for the Company's Class A Common Stock. The 2016 Stock Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. It may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice and may be executed through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. All or part of the repurchases under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program may be implemented under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which would allow repurchases under pre-set terms at times when the Company might otherwise be prevented from doing so. 

Item 3        Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 

Item 4        Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 5        Other Information 
  None. 

Item 6        Exhibits 
  Incorporated by reference to the     Exhibit Index on page 39 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  
    37 

     Table of Contents  

Signatures  
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

NACCO Industries, Inc. 
  (Registrant) 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Elizabeth I. Loveman 

Elizabeth I. Loveman 

Vice President and Controller  (principal financial and accounting officer) 

38 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index    
                   Exhibit 

Number* 
      
    Description of Exhibits 

10.1 
      
    Red Hills Refined Coal Facility; Lignite Sales Agreement/Inventory Letter Agreement dated August 30, 2016** 
    
      31(i)(1) 
      
    Certification of Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
      31(i)(2) 
      
    Certification of Elizabeth I. Loveman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
      32 
      
    Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. and Elizabeth I. Loveman 
      95 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

*    Numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
  **    Filed herewith. 

39 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

Choctaw Generation Limited Partnership, LLLP 
  4488 Onondaga Blvd. 
  Syracuse, NY 13219 
    
  August 30, 2016 

Mississippi Lignite Mining Company 
  1000 McIntire Road 
  Ackerman, MS 39735-0908 
    
  Attention:  Dave Liffrig, General Manager 
  Re:        Red Hills Refined Coal Facility; Lignite Sales Agreement/Inventory Letter Agreement 
  Reference is made to the Lignite Sales Agreement (the    LSA   ), dated April 1, 1998, as amended, between Mississippi Lignite Mining Company (   MLMC   ), a Texas joint venture between The North American Coal Corporation ( NAC ) and Red Hills Property Company LLC ( RHPC ), and Choctaw Generation Limited Partnership, LLLP ( CGLP ).  All capitalized terms used herein but not defined have the meanings set forth in the LSA.  The amendments to the LSA are set forth on   Schedule I  . 
  Pursuant to the LSA, MLMC agreed to sell, and CGLP agreed to purchase, Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the LSA.  CGLP is currently proposing the following transaction to MLMC (the  Proposed Transaction ): (a) CGLP will sell the Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel that it receives under the LSA to Red River RC220, LLC (   Producer   ) pursuant to the terms of that certain Coal Purchase Contract (the    Coal Purchase Contract   ), dated August _, 2016, (b) Producer will use the Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel as the feedstock for producing refined coal (   Refined Coal   ), and (c) CGLP will purchase the Refined Coal (or the Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel if not processed into Refined Coal) from Producer for use as the fuel at the Facility pursuant to the terms of that certain Refined Coal Sale Agreement (the    Refined Coal Sale Agreement   ), dated August __, 2016.  Such Refined Coal, when burned as a fuel in the boilers at the Facility, will reduce the nitrogen oxide and mercury emissions from the Facility.  The Proposed Transaction is not permitted under the terms of the LSA and, accordingly, CGLP is seeking the consent and approval of MLMC to proceed with the Proposed Transaction. 
  In connection with the Proposed Transaction, CGLP and MLMC would like to provide for CGLP s (a) purchase of additional Dedicated Lignite and (b) weekly nomination for the purchase of Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel, which includes amounts to maintain an inventory of lignite for CGLP in the stockpile of run-of-mine Dedicated Lignite being maintained by MLMC (located in the stockpile at the Mine before the Point of Delivery, the    Lignite Stockpile   ).  CGLP will sell Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel from its pro rata share of the Lignite Stockpile to Producer so Producer can use such Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel in the Lignite Stockpile for the production of Refined Coal for sale to CGLP.  In connection with the Proposed Transaction, CGLP will make weekly nominations to MLMC for the purchase of the Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel.  The LSA currently provides that the amount of lignite delivered by MLMC to CGLP is determined by the Pay Scale located on CGLP s conveyor belt  
  
   1 

after the Point of Delivery.  With the purchase of additional Dedicated Lignite and maintaining the Lignite Stockpile, the weekly nominations for the purchase of the Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel by CGLP will differ from the quantities of lignite delivered to the Pay Scale.  Thus, it is anticipated that in some months the nominations for Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel may be greater or less than the amounts of lignite delivered to the Pay Scale.  During the term of the Refined Coal Sale Agreement (the    Term   ), MLMC and CGLP each wish to amend and modify the LSA, among other things, to (i) provide for the Proposed Transaction, (ii) provide for an initial purchase of Dedicated Lignite and weekly nominations for the purchase of additional Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel, both as part of maintaining an inventory of lignite for CGLP, (iii) clarify the process by which orders for lignite will be made and accepted by MLMC, and (iv) define a process to address potential differences between the weekly nominations by CGLP and the amounts delivered to the Pay Scale for the same month.  In furtherance of the foregoing, MLMC and CGLP, hereby agree as follows:  
  (a)  During the Term, for purposes of CGLP s obligations to purchase only Dedicated Lignite as fuel for the Facility and to purchase all Dedicated Lignite from MLMC under   Section 4.01   of the LSA, (i) any and all purchases by CGLP of Refined Coal (or Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel if such fuel is not processed into Refined Coal) from Producer as fuel for the Facility will be deemed to be the purchase from MLMC of Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel, as the case may be, as fuel for the Facility, and (ii) any and all sales of Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel by CGLP to Producer shall be deemed to be the use of Dedicated Lignite as fuel at the Facility as long as (A) such sales are exclusively to Producer, and (B) Producer sells such Refined Coal or Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel, as the case may be, if such fuel is not processed into Refined Coal to CGLP as fuel for the Facility.  For the avoidance of doubt, if CGLP purchases either (x) lignite or other fuel from Producer that does not constitute Dedicated Lignite, or (y) lignite or other fuel from a third party which is not Producer, such purchase will not be deemed to be a purchase of Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel under   Section 4.01   of the LSA and thus will be a breach by Buyer of   Section 4.01   of the LSA unless and only to the extent that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the LSA due to MLMC s failure to supply Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel to CGLP in accordance with the LSA.  Also for the avoidance of doubt, if CGLP (I) sells Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel to a third party which is not Producer, or (II) sells Dedicated Lignite to Producer but does not repurchase from Producer either (1) the Refined Coal refined from such Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel or (2) such Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel if not processed into Refined Coal, such sales will not be deemed to be the use of Dedicated Lignite as fuel at the Facility under   Section 4.01   of the LSA and thus will a breach by CGLP of   Section 4.01   of the LSA.  
    
  (b)  Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, Refined Coal sold by Producer to CGLP shall not be applied against or reduce the volume of Dedicated Lignite that MLMC is required to deliver and sell to CGLP under   Section 4.01   and   Section 4.02(f)   of the LSA.  In addition, for any given Year, the volume of Refined Coal purchased by CGLP during such Year will not be applied against or reduce the volume of Dedicated Lignite that CGLP is required to take and purchase from MLMC under   Section 4.01   and   Section 4.02(e)   of the LSA and will not be taken into account or considered taken and paid for by CGLP for purposes of (i) CGLP satisfying its Minimum Annual Take Quantity obligation under   Section 4.02(e)   of the LSA, or (ii) or determining any Minimum Annual Take Quantity Credit applicable under   Section 4.02(i)   of the LSA.  In no event shall MLMC be obligated to indemnify CGLP under   Section 3.05   of the LSA for introduction of Hazardous Materials to the Facility that results from actions by Producer or its Affiliates, employees or agents, including without limitation by way of the refinement process used to produce Refined Coal. 
    
  (c)  On the date hereof, CGLP hereby purchases from MLMC 30,000 tons of Dedicated Lignite as its initial inventory of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile for the Billing Price attributable to the month  
  
   2 

including the date hereof.  CGLP shall pay MLMC for this initial inventory of lignite in stockpile by wire transfer of immediately available funds within ten (10) days after the end of this month in accordance with   Exhibit A  .  Delivery in stockpile shall occur, and title and risk of loss with respect to such initial inventory of lignite shall transfer, from MLMC to CGLP at 12:01 a.m. on the date hereof.   
    
  (d)  On and following the date hereof and during the Term, CGLP shall prior to the beginning of each month, provide to MLMC a non-binding estimate showing the projected quantity of Dedicated Lignite required by CGLP for that month, which estimate shall update the projected quantity for that month in the Annual Projection Notice.  In addition, CGLP shall on a weekly or more frequent basis issue purchase orders to MLMC by e-mail to MLMC s representative designated pursuant to paragraph (m) below, for the purchase of Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel, which would include amounts, if necessary, to maintain CGLP s desired levels of lignite inventory in stockpile (setting forth the number of tons of lignite to be purchased by CGLP).  CGLP purchase orders shall be deemed accepted unless rejected in accordance with the following table: 

The form of purchase order agreed to by MLMC and CGLP is attached hereto as   Exhibit B  .  During the Term, MLMC s obligation to sell and deliver Dedicated Lignite or Alternate Fuel will be governed by the terms of the LSA as modified by this letter agreement.  To the extent nominations cover more than one day, CGLP may modify its nominations for later periods to reflect any shutdowns or other fluctuations in the need for Dedicated Lignite, provided that such modification is communicated to MLMC in writing at least 24 hours in advance of the scheduled delivery under the earlier nomination (or such lesser period in advance as MLMC in its sole discretion may permit).  
    
  (e)  At the time of the deemed acceptance of a purchase order, delivery of Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel for the number of tons set forth therein from MLMC to CGLP shall be deemed to have occurred, and title to, and risk of loss of, any such tons of lignite purchased, including amounts in CGLP inventory, shall pass from MLMC to CGLP and CGLP will own, and have risk of loss with respect to, its pro rata individual share of the aggregate inventory of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile.  Accordingly, notwithstanding the definition of  Point of Delivery  in the LSA, during the Term, the term  Point of Delivery  for all purposes of the LSA shall mean and refer to, with respect to CGLP inventory, such point of delivery in the Lignite Stockpile   and     not   the horizontal plane immediately below the bottom of the truck support beams at the lignite dump hoppers located at the point described in   Exhibit B   to the LSA. 
    
  (f)  During the Term, unless (i) the purchase and delivery of lignite to CGLP has been suspended in accordance with the terms of the LSA and (ii) CGLP s then existing lignite inventory in the Lignite Stockpile has been depleted, all lignite placed on the C5A or C5B conveyors for eventual delivery to the Facility will be deemed to be from CGLP s lignite inventory in the Lignite Stockpile.   
    
  (g)  Notwithstanding   Section 5.01   of the LSA, from the date hereof and for the remainder of the Term, the quantity of lignite sold and delivered to CGLP by MLMC will be determined by the sum of the nominations in the purchase orders issued by CGLP and accepted by MLMC for any Month pursuant to paragraph (d) above (the    Monthly Nomination   ), subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (l) below.   

3 

(h)  No lignite sold to CGLP and held as CGLP s inventory in the Lignite Stockpile will be required to be segregated from MLMC s inventory of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile.  MLMC will promptly make appropriate accounting entries on its books and records to reflect CGLP s pro rata ownership of the Lignite Stockpile and maintain such records to reflect CGLP s pro rata share of the Lignite Stockpile, including any necessary adjustments due to a Lignite Stockpile Loss as finally determined in accordance with paragraph (k) below.  At least monthly, or more often if reasonably requested by CGLP, MLMC will provide CGLP with a report summarizing CGLP s inventory of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile, computed on a first-in first-out basis, as follows:  the amount of CGLP s initial lignite inventory in the Lignite Stockpile if no prior report has been provided or the amount CGLP s inventory of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile from the last report (i) increased by the amount of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile purchased under the LSA in accordance with paragraph (d) above during the applicable period; (ii) decreased by the amount of lignite delivered from the Lignite Stockpile to the Facility during the applicable period, as measured by quantities of lignite passing over the Pay Scale; and (iii) decreased to reflect any Lignite Stockpile Loss during the applicable period (or in the period of determination if the Lignite Stockpile Loss is not finally determined in the applicable period).  If CGLP disagrees with any part of such calculation of CGLP s inventory of lignite (other than the determination of any Lignite Stockpile Loss, the resolution of which is subject to paragraph (k) below), it will provide notice thereof to MLMC and thereafter CGLP and MLMC shall consider the issues raised or in dispute and discuss such issues with each other and attempt to reach a mutually satisfactory agreement.   
    
  (i)  MLMC shall maintain CGLP s portion of the Lignite Stockpile, in accordance with Good Industry Practices.  For purposes of this letter agreement,    Good Industry Practices    means utilizing the same practices and standards of safety, reliability, environmental protection and economy as MLMC utilizes in the maintenance of its own inventory of lignite; provided, however, that Good Industry Practices does not include any obligation by MLMC to obtain or provide any insurance with respect to lignite representing CGLP s prorated share of the Lignite Stockpile.  As compensation for the services rendered by MLMC under this letter agreement, CGLP shall pay MLMC a monthly fee equal to $6,200, payable in arrears on the 5   th    day of the following month.  This fee shall be payable in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (c) above and shall be adjusted annually in accordance with the annual change in the Consumer Price Index-All Urban Consumers (CPI-U), Series ID: CUUR00005A0, as published by the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics.   
    
  (j)  If, notwithstanding MLMC s compliance with Good Industry Practices, there is a loss of lignite from the Lignite Stockpile, whether by natural attrition (  e.g.  , wind), natural disaster (  e.g.  , tornado), catastrophic incident (  e.g.  , fire) or of unknown origin but evidenced by a stockpile survey or other methods generally accepted in the industry and recognized as a charge against inventory in MLMC s accounting records (each a    Lignite Stockpile Loss   ), CGLP will suffer a loss of its lignite inventory in proportion to the total amount of lignite lost as compared to the entire amount of lignite in the Lignite Stockpile (  e.g.  , if 20% of the entire Lignite Stockpile is determined to have been lost, 20% of CGLP s lignite inventory will be deemed to have been lost), as finally determined in accordance with paragraph (k) below.  In the event it is determined that a loss of lignite from the Lignite Stockpile has occurred over time, CGLP s proportion of such loss will be determined by calculating CGLP s average daily percentage ownership of the Lignite Stockpile over such period of time.  MLMC will promptly provide notice to CGLP of any Lignite Stockpile Loss after learning of such loss and keep CGLP reasonably informed of its determination of the amount of such loss and CGLP s pro rata portion thereof.  Promptly following MLMC s determination of a Lignite Stockpile Loss, it shall provide notice to CGLP of its calculation thereof, CGLP s pro rata portion thereof and a description of its calculations and the manner of its determinations thereof (a    MLMC Lignite Stockpile Loss Notice   ).  MLMC shall promptly provide any information related thereto reasonably requested by CGLP.  CGLP shall have 10 Business Days to review  
  
   4 

any MLMC Lignite Stockpile Loss Notice, and if CGLP does not provide notice of its objection thereto within such 10 Business Day period (with such period extended for the number of days between CGLP s request for any information and CGLP s receipt of such information from MLMC), MLMC s calculation of the Lignite Stockpile Loss and CGLP s pro rata portion thereof will be deemed final and binding on the parties.   
    
  (k)  If CGLP provides notice to MLMC of its objection to a MLMC Lignite Stockpile Loss Notice (a    CGLP Lignite Loss Objection   ), then CGLP and MLMC shall consider the issues raised or in dispute and discuss such issues with each other and attempt to reach a mutually satisfactory agreement.  If the dispute as to MLMC s calculations is not resolved within 30 days following CGLP s delivery of its CGLP Lignite Loss Objection (the    Resolution Deadline   ), such dispute will be submitted to and resolved by an independent, nationally recognized engineering firm having expertise in stockpile surveys and agreed upon by the parties.  If CGLP and MLMC cannot mutually agree to such an engineering firm within the 30 days following the Resolution Deadline, each shall select a representative from an engineering firm of their choice and these representatives will select a third, independent, nationally recognized engineering firm having expertise in stockpile surveys (such firm either as selected by the agreement of CGLP and MLMC or such third engineering firm selected by representatives of firms selected by each of CGLP and MLMC, the    Engineering Firm   ).  The Engineering Firm shall resolve the dispute promptly, but in no event more than 30 days after having the dispute submitted to it, unless the Engineering Firm provides notice to CGLP and MLMC, in writing, that in its reasonable opinion resolution of the disputed issue or issues shall require additional time.  The Engineering Firm will make a determination as to each of the items in dispute, which determination must be (i) in writing and (ii) furnished to each of CGLP and MLMC and which determination will be conclusive and binding on CGLP and MLMC, absent manifest error.  Each of the parties shall use reasonable efforts to cause the Engineering Firm to render its decision as soon as reasonably practicable, including by promptly complying with all reasonable requests by the Engineering Firm for information, books, records and similar items.  The cost of the Engineering Firm shall be borne equally by the parties. 
    
  (l)  The parties acknowledge that MLMC should be better off on a net present value basis as a result of the payment changes in this letter agreement, since it will receive the initial payment for inventory hereunder now, and thereafter will be paid amounts based on the nomination process, with the cumulative nominated tonnages plus the initial inventory (after payments for any inventory losses under paragraph (j)) generally being more than the tonnages passing over the Pay Scale until CGLP s final draw of all of its inventory in the Lignite Stockpile.  Conversely, the parties acknowledge that CGLP will be paying amounts earlier than it would have been paying under the LSA prior to this letter agreement but that CGLP expects to be fully reimbursed for such earlier payments by Producer.  Accordingly, if at any time payment of amounts due to MLMC under paragraph (g) would cause (i) the cumulative amounts paid to MLMC under paragraph (g) since the inception of this letter agreement (and excluding the initial purchase of inventory pursuant to paragraph (c) above) to exceed (ii) the cumulative amounts that CGLP has paid or is required to pay under the Refined Coal Sales Agreement (an  MLMC Excess ), then CGLP may defer the payment of the MLMC Excess until the next monthly payment date under the LSA.  MLMC agrees that a delay in payment of amounts due because of such a deferral (including amounts resulting from deferral of an erroneously calculated amount if such error in calculation was made in good faith and promptly corrected if requested by MLMC) shall not be an event of default under the LSA.  
    
  (m)  All notices and other communication hereunder are to be in writing and will be deemed given when delivered in accordance with the terms of   Article 17   of the LSA, other than notices for purchase orders to MLMC by CGLP, which shall be made by e-mail to the representative(s) designated by MLMC, such initial representative being Cheryl McIntire, with the e-mail address of  
  
   5 

cheryl.mcintire@nacoal.com.  MLMC shall at all times during the Term have at least one representative for accepting purchase orders from CGLP and may change such representative by notice to CGLP in accordance with the terms of   Article 17   of the LSA.    
    
  (n)  Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (k) above, any disputes arising under this letter agreement will be resolved in accordance with   Articles 18   and   19   of the LSA. 
    
  (o)  This letter agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  This letter agreement shall be assigned by a party only in connection with an assignment permitted by and made in accordance with   Section 22.01   of the LSA and any other assignment or attempted assignment shall be null and void and of no force or effect.  During the Term, any assignment of the LSA by a party in accordance with   Section 22.01   of the LSA shall be null and void and of no force or effect unless, simultaneous with such assignment, the assigning party assigns this letter agreement to the same assignee in accordance with the terms of this letter agreement.      MLMC hereby acknowledges that notwithstanding the foregoing, Producer may purchase all or a portion of CGLP s Dedicated Lignite in the Lignite Stockpile.  CGLP, however, shall have the exclusive right to nominate quantities of Dedicated Lignite and Alternate Fuel in accordance with paragraph (d) above. 
    
  (p)  The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the parties hereto would be irreparably damaged if any of the provisions of this letter agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached and that any non-performance or breach of this letter agreement by any party hereto could not be adequately compensated by monetary damages alone and that the parties hereto would not have any adequate remedy at law.  Accordingly, in addition to any other right or remedy to which any party hereto may be entitled, at law or in equity (including monetary damages), such party shall be entitled to enforce any provision of this letter agreement by a decree of specific performance and to temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of any of the provisions of this letter agreement without posting any bond or other undertaking. 
    
  (q)  This letter agreement may be simultaneously executed in any number of counterparts, and all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
    
  (r)  This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
    
  (s)  No amendment, modification or discharge of this letter agreement, and no waiver hereunder, shall be valid or binding unless set forth in writing and duly executed by the party against whom enforcement of the amendment, modification, discharge or waiver is sought. Any such waiver shall constitute a waiver only with respect to the specific matter described in such writing and shall in no way impair the rights of the party granting such waiver in any other respect or at any other time. Neither the waiver by any party hereto of a breach or of a default under any provisions of this letter agreement, nor the failure by any party on one or more occasions to enforce any of the provisions of this letter agreement or to exercise any right or privilege hereunder, shall be construed as a waiver of any other breach or default of a similar nature, or as a waiver of any of such provisions, rights or privileges hereunder. The execution or delivery of this letter agreement by a party shall not by itself constitute a waiver of any provision of this letter agreement or any breach of this letter agreement arising out of facts or circumstances existing at the time of such execution or delivery. 

6 

(t)  MLMC makes the following representations and warranties: 
    
           (i) 
    MLMC is a joint venture between NAC and RHPC, duly organized under the laws of the State of Texas and authorized to do business in Mississippi.  NAC is a Delaware corporation, and RHPC is a Mississippi limited liability company.  Each of MLMC, NAC and RHPC has full power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to execute and deliver this letter agreement and perform its obligations under this letter agreement.  MLMC is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction, including the State of Mississippi, in which MLMC is required to qualify to do business as the joint venture that is MLMC. 
       
           (ii) 
    The execution, delivery and performance by MLMC of this letter agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of MLMC, and neither the execution, delivery, nor the performance of this letter agreement by MLMC nor the fulfillment of the terms, provisions and conditions of this letter agreement by MLMC (A) except for consents that have been obtained on or prior to the date hereof, requires any approval of consent of any trustees or holders of any indebtedness or obligations of MLMC, (B) contravenes any law or any governmental rule, regulation, or order binding on MLMC, (C) violates the Joint Venture Agreement of MLMC or requires any additional approval or consent of the joint venturers, NAC and RHPC, or (D) contravenes the provisions of, or constitutes an event of default (or other event which after lapse of time, notice or both would constitute an event of default) under any indenture, deed of trust, contract, or other agreement to which MLMC is a party or by which MLMC is affected or bound. 
       
           (iii) 
    This letter agreement has been duly executed and delivered by MLMC and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of MLMC enforceable against MLMC in accordance with its terms, subject, however, to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
       
           (iv) 
    The LSA continues to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of MLMC, enforceable against MLMC in accordance with its terms, subject, however, to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  Other than with respect to MLMC s obligations, if any, under Section 13.05 of the LSA to modify and amend the Subordinated Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Financing Statement, dated September 17, 1998 (the  Subordinated Deed of Trust ), with respect to additional parcels acquired by MLMC comprising the Mine since the filing of the Subordinated Deed of Trust (as to which MLMC is making no representation or warranty in this sentence of this paragraph (t)(iv), MLMC is not in default and knows of no event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time would constitute an event of default under the LSA. 

7 

(u)  CGLP makes the following representations and warranties: 
    
           (i) 
    CGLP is a limited liability limited partnership duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to execute and delivery this letter agreement and perform its obligations under this letter agreement.  CGLP is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction, including the State of Mississippi, in which CGLP is required to qualify to do business as a foreign limited partnership. 
       
           (ii) 
    The execution, delivery and performance by CGLP of this letter agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary partnership action on the part of CGLP and neither the execution, delivery or the performance of this letter agreement by CGLP, nor the fulfillment of the terms, provisions and conditions of this letter agreement by CGLP (A) except for any consents that have been obtained on or prior to the date hereof, requires any approval or consent of any trustee or holders of any indebtedness or obligations of CGLP, (B) contravenes any law or any governmental rule, regulation, or order binding on CGLP, (C) violates the limited partnership agreement of CGLP or (D) contravenes the provisions of, or constitutes an event of default (or other event which after lapse of time, notice or both would constitute an event of default) under any indenture, deed of trust, contract, or other agreement to which CGLP is a party or by which CGLP is affected or bound. 
       
           (iii) 
    This letter agreement has been duly executed and delivered by CGLP and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of CGLP, enforceable against CGLP in accordance with its terms, subject, however, to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
       
           (iv) 
    The LSA continues to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of CGLP, enforceable against CGLP in accordance with its terms, subject, however, to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  CGLP is not in default and knows of no event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time would constitute an event of default under the LSA. 
       
  (v)  The parties acknowledge and agree that the LSA, its terms and conditions, including without limitation   Section 3.05  ,   Article 4  ,   Section 5.02  ,   Section 6.07   and   Section 14.01   of the LSA, and the parties  respective rights and obligations thereunder, shall remain in full force and effect, both during and following the Term, in accordance with its terms; provided, that the terms and conditions set forth in this letter agreement will modify and supersede any conflicting terms and conditions set forth in the LSA during the Term.  Accordingly, in the event of any suspension or interruption of deliveries of Refined Coal, and provided that CGLP is not in default of its obligations under   Section 4.01  ,   Section 4.02   or   Section 8.03   of the LSA, CGLP shall continue purchasing fuel pursuant to the LSA as modified by this letter agreement; provided, however, that upon removal of the cause of such suspension or interruption, CGLP shall promptly resume purchases of fuel under the Refined Coal Sale Agreement. 

8 

(w)  Anything in this letter agreement to the contrary notwithstanding: (i) this letter agreement will automatically terminate upon any termination of the LSA; and (ii) this letter agreement will automatically terminate upon any termination of the Refined Coal Sale Agreement.  Upon the occurrence of an automatic termination event set forth in (ii) hereof, lignite sales will continue pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the LSA as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this letter agreement.  Upon such a termination, CGLP will draw down, in due course, CGLP s remaining inventory in the stockpile of run-of-mine Dedicated Lignite at no additional cost to CGLP due to CGLP s prepayment therefor.  Once this remaining inventory in the stockpile has been depleted, deliveries of Dedicated Lignite from MLMC to CGLP as fuel will continue pursuant to the terms of the LSA as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this letter agreement.  
    
  (x)  MLMC agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with Section 13.05 of the LSA within 60 days following the date of this letter agreement by executing, delivering and recording such amendments, modifications and restatements to the Subordinated Deed of Trust as may be necessary or appropriate to grant to CGLP a lien on and security interest in MLMC s currently existing property, plant and equipment comprising the Mine in accordance with such Section. 
    
  [Signatures on Following Page] 
  
   9 

Sincerely, 
    
  Choctaw Generation Limited Partnership, LLLP 
    
           By: 
    Choctaw Generation, Inc., its administrative partner  
       
  By:    /s/ Donald W. Scholl 
  Donald W. Scholl, President 
  Accepted and Agreed 
  as of August 30, 2016 
  Mississippi Lignite Mining Company 
  By Its Joint Venturers: 
  The North American Coal Corporation 
  By:      /s/ Harry B. Tipton III       
  Name: Harry B. Tipton III 
  Title: Vice President - Engineering 
    
  Red Hills Property Company LLC 
  By:        /s/ John Neumann       
  Name: John Neumann 
  Title: Manager 
    
  Cc:        The North American Coal Corporation 
    5340 Legacy Drive 
    Building 1, Suite 300 
    Plano, TX 75024 
    Attention: John Neumann, General Counsel 

10 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31(i)(1) 
    
  Certifications 
    
  I,   Alfred M. Rankin, Jr.  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly     report on Form 10-Q of NACCO Industries, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this     report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. 

Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31(i)(2) 
    
  Certifications 
    
  I,   Elizabeth I. Loveman  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly     report on Form 10-Q of NACCO Industries, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this     report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Elizabeth I. Loveman 

Elizabeth I. Loveman 

Vice President and Controller  (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit32q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of NACCO Industries, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. 

Alfred M. Rankin, Jr. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  (principal executive officer) 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Elizabeth I. Loveman 

Elizabeth I. Loveman 

Vice President and Controller  (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 6
 exhibit95q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

Exhibit 95 
    
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  NACCO Industries, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the  Company ) believes that The North American Coal Corporation and its affiliated coal companies (collectively,  NACoal ) is an industry leader in safety. NACoal has health and safety programs in place that include extensive employee training, accident prevention, workplace inspection, emergency response, accident investigation, regulatory compliance and program auditing. The objectives for NACoal's programs are to eliminate workplace incidents, comply with all mining-related regulations and provide support for both regulators and the industry to improve mine safety. 
    
  Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety results in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The operation of NACoal's mines is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration ("MSHA") under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the "Mine Act"). MSHA inspects NACoal's mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. The Company has presented information below regarding certain mining safety and health matters for NACoal's mining operations for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as: (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of the mine, (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and from mine to mine, and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes vacated. 
    
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , neither NACoal's current mining operations nor Bellaire's closed mines: (i) were assessed any Mine Act section 104(b) orders for alleged failure to totally abate the subject matter of a Mine Act section 104(a) citation within the period specified in the citation; (ii) were assessed any Mine Act section 104(d) citations or orders for an alleged unwarrantable failure (i.e., aggravated conduct constituting more than ordinary negligence) to comply with a mining safety standard or regulation;  (iii) were assessed any Mine Act section 110(b)(2) penalties for failure to correct the subject matter of a Mine Act section 104(a) citation within the specified time period, which failure was deemed flagrant (i.e., reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury); (iv) received any Mine Act section 107(a) imminent danger orders to immediately remove miners; or (v) received any MSHA written notices under Mine Act section 104(e) of a pattern of violation of mandatory health or safety standards or of the potential to have such a pattern.  In addition, there were no mining-related fatalities at NACoal's mining operations or Bellaire's closed mines during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 

The following table sets forth the total number of specific citations and orders, the total dollar value of the proposed civil penalty assessments that were issued by MSHA, the total number of legal actions initiated and resolved before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission ("FMSHRC") during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , and the total number of legal actions pending before the FMSHRC at   September 30, 2016  , pursuant to the Mine Act, by individual mine at NACoal: 
                                               Name of Mine or Quarry (1) 
      
    Mine Act Section 104 Significant   Substantial Citations (2) 
      
    Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessment 
      
    Number of Legal Actions Initiated before the FMSHRC for the quarter ended at September 30, 2016 
      
    Number of Legal Actions Resolved before the FMSHRC for the quarter ended at September 30, 2016 
      
    Number of Legal Actions Pending before the FMSHRC at  
  September 30, 2016 

MLMC (Red Hills Mine) 

$ 

Coteau (Freedom Mine)  

Falkirk (Falkirk Mine) 

Sabine (South Hallsville No. 1 Mine) 
      
    2 

3,892 

Demery (Five Forks Mine) 

114 

Caddo Creek (Marshall Mine) 

Coyote Creek (Coyote Creek Mine) 

Camino Real (Eagle Pass Mine) 

693 

Liberty (Liberty Mine) 

Centennial: 

Burton Bend Mine 

Poplar Springs 

Florida Limerock Operations: 

White Rock Quarry - North 
      
    1 

1,450 

White Rock Quarry - South 

150 

Krome Quarry 

100 

Alico Quarry 

FEC Quarry 

SCL Quarry 

Total 
      
    3 

$ 
    6,399 

(1)  Bellaire's closed mines are not included in the table above and did not receive any of the indicated citations. 
  (2)  Mine Act section 104(a) significant and substantial citations are for alleged violations of a mining safety standard or regulation where there exists a reasonable likelihood that the hazard contributed to or will result in an injury or illness of a reasonably serious nature.  

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nacco-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nacco-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nacco-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nacco-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nacco-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nacco-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

