<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1068237_0001193125-16-765635_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2194397</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118119</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>134080</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>489972</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>825269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>484210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765635.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110141053
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765635
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001068237
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30455
		FILM NUMBER:		161987301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CITIGROUP MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE -14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-296-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CITIGROUP MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE -14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALOMON SMITH BARNEY GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765635.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d279030d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X) QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR (  ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from
                        to                   
      .    Commission File Number  000-30455   
  GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.       
     (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)      

New York  
   
  13-4015586   
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036       
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  
  (855) 672-4468       
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes          No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes          No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
  Large accelerated filer      
                  Accelerated filer                  Non-accelerated filer
                 Smaller reporting company         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes           No         
 As of October 31, 2016, 7,114.2738 Limited Partnership Redeemable Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

     GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q      INDEX   

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
    Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       
    (1)  Defined in Note 1.  
         See
accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital   
  (Unaudited)       
   
   * Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the period.  
     See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
    Organization:      
 Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a limited partnership organized under the partnership
laws of the State of New York on June 15, 1998, to engage, directly or indirectly, in the speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests, including futures, option, swap and forward contracts on United States exchanges and
certain foreign exchanges. The sectors traded include currencies, energy, grains, indices, metals, softs, livestock, lumber and U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership, through its investment in
the Funds (defined below), are volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The Partnership commenced trading on February 2, 1999. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets (directly or
indirectly through its investment in the Funds) in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Partnership was authorized to
sell up to 100,000 redeemable units of limited partnership interests ( Redeemable Units ) during its initial offering period. The Partnership no longer offers Redeemable Units for sale.  
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the  General Partner )
and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner is wholly owned by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSB Holdings ). MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held
company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. Prior to June 28, 2013, Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings, and
Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings. Prior to July 31, 2009, the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner, the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., the sole owner of which is Citigroup Inc.    All trading decisions for
the Partnership are made by Aspect Capital Limited ( Aspect ) and PGR Capital LLP ( PGR ) (each, an  Advisor , and collectively, the  Advisors ), each of which is a registered commodity trading advisor. Each
Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each Advisor indirectly through investments in the Funds. Blackwater Capital Management LLC
( Blackwater ) was terminated as an advisor to the Partnership as of September 30, 2015. Effective June 30, 2016, Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited ( Altis ) ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership.
References herein to Advisors shall also include Blackwater and Altis, as appropriate.    During the reporting periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership s/Funds  commodity broker was Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership/Funds also deposit a portion of their cash in a
non-trading account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.    CMF Aspect Master Fund L.P. ( Aspect Master ) and PGR Master
Fund L.P. ( PGR Master , together with Aspect Master, the  Funds ) have entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. Aspect Master had also entered into a foreign exchange brokerage account agreement with
MS Co. Blackwater Master Fund L.P. ( Blackwater Master ) and CMF Altis Partners Master Fund L.P. ( Altis Master ) (prior to their liquidation as of the close of business on September 30, 2015 and June 30, 2016, respectively)
also entered into a futures brokerage agreement with MS Co. References herein to the  Funds  shall include Blackwater Master and Altis Master, as appropriate. The Partnership has also entered into a futures brokerage account agreement
with MS Co. The Partnership, through its investment in the Funds, pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co. if previously paid) its allocable share of all trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions as well
as exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees (collectively, the  clearing fees ).  
 The Partnership has also entered into a selling agreement with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management) ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ) (as amended, the  Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management receives a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 2.0%
per year of adjusted month end net assets. The ongoing selling agent fee received by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is shared with the properly registered/exempted financial advisers of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management who sell Redeemable Units in
the Partnership.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  In July 2015, the General Partner delegated certain administrative functions
to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory
reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General
Partner, including the Partnership.      

2.  
    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:      
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and changes in partners  capital for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results for interim periods and do not include all of the disclosures normally provided in annual financial statements. These financial statements should
be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The December 31,
2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     Use of Estimates:  The preparation of financial
statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation:  The General Partner and each limited partner of the Partnership share in the profits and losses of
the Partnership in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no Limited Partner shall be liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contributions and profits, if any, net of distributions or
redemptions and losses, if any.     Statement of Cash Flows:  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of
Cash Flows.     Partnership s Investments:  The Partnership carries its investments in the Funds at fair value
based on the respective Fund s net asset value per Redeemable Unit as calculated by the Funds.     Fund s
Investments:  All commodity interests of the Partnership/Funds, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts
are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 5,  Fair Value Measurements ) at the measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing
at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in the trading account on
the Fund s Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are reported in the Partnership/Fund s Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Investment Company Status : Effective January 1, 2014, the Partnership
adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2013-08,   Financial Services   Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General Partner s
assessment, the Partnership has been deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair value with
unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Income Taxes:  Income taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its
share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax
returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax
positions that require recognition of a tax liability.     Net Income (Loss) per Redeemable Unit : Net income (loss)
per Redeemable Unit is calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 946   Financial Services-Investment Companies .  See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  The carrying value of the Partnership s/Fund s assets and liabilities
presented in the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments  , approximates the fair value due to the
short term nature of such balances.     Recent Accounting Pronouncement:  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all entities
that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is
required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair
value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue to follow
the industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Partnership s financial statements
and related disclosures.    There have been no material changes with respect to the Partnership s critical accounting
policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

3.  
    Financial Highlights:      
 Financial highlights for the limited partner class as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were as follows:      

* 
   Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the
average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the
other per unit information.         

** 
   Annualized (other than incentive fees)     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital of the Partnership and includes the income and expenses allocated from the
Funds.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

4.  
    Trading Activities:      
 The Partnership was formed for the purpose of trading contracts in a variety of commodity interests, including derivative
financial instruments and derivative commodity interests. The Partnership invests substantially all of its assets through a  master/feeder  structure. The Partnership s pro-rata share of the results of the Funds  trading
activities is shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.    The futures brokerage
account agreements with MS Co. give the Partnership and the Funds the legal right to net unrealized gains and losses on open futures and open forward contracts. The Funds net, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on
open futures and open forward contracts on the Funds  Statements of Financial Condition as the criteria under ASC 210 - 20,   Balance Sheet ,  have been met.  
 All of the commodity interests owned by the Funds are held for trading purposes.  
 Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors for the Funds. All clearing fees paid
to MS Co. are borne by the Funds and allocated to the limited partners, including the Partnership.      

5.  
    Fair Value Measurements:      
  Fund s Fair Value Measurements . Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The fair value of exchange-traded
futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency
forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency
option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M.
(E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period.  
 The Funds consider prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forwards, swaps and options contracts to be based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forwards, swaps and certain options contracts for which market quotations are not readily available are
priced by broker-dealers or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Fund s investments were classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 and the Funds did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and
internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

6.  
    Investment in the Funds:      
 On March 1, 2005, the assets allocated to Aspect for trading were invested in Aspect Master, a limited partnership organized
under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 16,015.3206 units of Aspect Master with cash equal to $14,955,106 and a contribution of open commodity futures and forward contracts with a fair value of $1,060,214.
Aspect Master permits accounts managed by Aspect using Aspect s Diversified Program, a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Aspect Master.
Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Aspect, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Aspect Master. The General Partner and Aspect believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and
economy in the trading process.    On November 1, 2005, the assets allocated to Altis for trading were invested in Altis
Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 13,013.6283 units of Altis Master with cash equal to $11,227,843 and a contribution of open commodity futures and forward
contracts with a fair value of $1,785,785. Effective the close of business on June 30, 2016, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Altis Master for cash equal to $5,465,473.  
 On November 1, 2010, the assets allocated to Blackwater for trading were invested in Blackwater Master, a limited partnership
organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership invested in Blackwater Master with cash equal to $5,000,000. Effective the close of business on September 30, 2015, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in
Blackwater Master for cash equal to $4,444,524.    On September 1, 2016, the assets allocated to PGR for trading were
invested in PGR Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership invested in PGR Master with cash equal to $4,265,000. PGR Master permits accounts managed by PGR using its Mayfair Program,
a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of PGR Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by PGR, including the Partnership, are permitted to
be limited partners of PGR Master. The General Partner and PGR believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and economy in the trading process.  
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to any of the trading programs discussed above during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016.    The Funds  trading of futures, forward, swap and option contracts, if applicable,
on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co.  
 Generally, a limited partner in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any,
from the Funds as of the end of any month (the  Redemption Date ) after a request has been made to the General Partner at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited
partner elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day.  
 Management fees, General Partner fees, ongoing selling agent fees and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level. The
clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds  limited partners including the Partnership. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership, and also charged directly at the Partnership level.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  At September 30, 2016, the Partnership owned approximately 11.7% of Aspect
Master and 18.6% of PGR Master. At December 31, 2015, the Partnership owned approximately 10.5% and 15.0% of Aspect Master and Altis Master, respectively. It is the intention of the Partnership to continue to invest in the Funds. The
performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to the investors as a result of the investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and redemption
rights are not affected.    Summarized information reflecting the total assets, liabilities and partners  capital of
the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
   Summarized information reflecting the net investment income (loss), total trading results and
net income (loss) of the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the Partnership s investment in, and
the Partnership s pro rata share of the results of operations of the Funds is shown in the following tables.      

(a) 
 For the period January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, the date the Partnership fully redeemed its interest in Blackwater Master.    
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

7.  
    Financial Instrument Risks:      
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership, indirectly through its investments in the Funds, is party to financial
instruments with off-balance sheet risk, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include forwards, futures, options, and swaps whose values are based upon an underlying asset,
index, or reference rate, and generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity
instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange or over-the-counter ( OTC ). Exchange-traded instruments
include futures and certain standardized forward and option contracts. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain standardized
forward, swap and option contracts. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those relating to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are
greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 21.0% to 47.3% of the Funds 
contracts are traded OTC.     Futures Contracts:  The Funds trade futures contracts. A futures contract is a firm
commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery date or if the
delivery quantity is something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments ( variation margin ) may be made or received by the Funds each business day, depending
on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Funds. When the contract is closed, the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the
contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures
broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in
Partners  Capital.     Forward Foreign Currency Contract s: Forward foreign currency contracts are those contracts
where the Funds agree to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon future date. Forward foreign currency contracts are valued daily, and the Funds  net equity therein, representing
unrealized gain or loss on the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at the dates of entry into the contracts and the forward rates at the reporting date, is included in the Funds  Statements of
Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on forward foreign currency contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively, and are included in
the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.    The Funds do not isolate the
portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations due to changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the
Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.     London Metals Exchange Forward
Contracts:  Metal contracts traded on the London Metals Exchange ( LME ) represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin or zinc. LME contracts traded by the Funds are cash settled
based on prompt dates published by the LME. Variation margin may be made or received by the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the
Funds. A contract is considered offset when all long positions have been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal
to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation
margin deposits, through the broker, directly with the LME. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners 
Capital.    The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of
the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial
instruments traded by the Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which
the related underlying assets are traded. The Funds are exposed to a market risk equal to the value of the futures and forward contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short.  
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of
a contract. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of
the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets
and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate is the sole counterparty or broker with respect to the
Partnership s/Funds  assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. the Partnership s/Funds  counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization.  
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s/Funds  risk exposure on a daily basis through
financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These monitoring systems
generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, forward and option
contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.    The majority of these
financial instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Funds  business, these instruments may not be held to maturity.      

8.  
    Subsequent Events:      
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.      Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. The Partnership s assets are its investment in the Funds,
cash at MS Co. and cash at bank. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership, through its investments in the Funds. While
substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred during the third quarter of 2016.  
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners, as increased or decreased by net income
or loss on trading and by expenses, interest income and redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership s capital decreased 23.2% from $13,511,960 to $10,377,107. This
decrease was attributable to a net loss of $1,400,983, coupled with redemptions of 1,157.9410 limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $1,708,869 and redemptions of 17.6340 General Partner Redeemable Units totaling $25,001. Future redemptions can
impact the amount of funds available for investment in the Funds in subsequent periods.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner
believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s/Funds  significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2,
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Financial Statements.    The
Partnership/Funds records all investments at fair value in its financial statements, with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and
Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.     Results of Operations   
 During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit decreased 2.4% from $1,452.01 to
$1,417.75 as compared to an increase of 6.2% in the third quarter of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss, before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $97,420. Losses were primarily attributable to the Funds 
trading of commodity futures in currencies, grains, energy, U.S. interest rates and softs and were partially offset by gains in non-U.S. interest rates, livestock, metals and indices. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain, before fees and
expenses in the third quarter of 2015 of $1,107,402. Gains were primarily attributable to the Funds  trading of commodity futures in currencies, energy, grains, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and metals and were partially offset by losses in
indices, livestock and softs.    The most significant losses were incurred within the energy markets during August from
short positions in the crude oil complex as prices rose during the first half of the month amid speculation of a potential agreement among the OPEC nations to curtail oil production. Within the agricultural sector, losses were experienced during
July from long positions in soybean and soybean meal futures as prices were weighed down by mounting anticipation that growers will collect a record crop this year. Additional losses were recorded from positions in cocoa and sugar futures during
July. During August, losses within the currency sector were incurred from long positions in the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Pacific nation s currency fell as weakening mining output and falling
commodity prices negatively affected Australia s economic strength. Within the global interest rate markets, losses were recorded during August from long positions in U.S. Treasury note and Treasury bond futures as prices declined after the
release of strong employment data in the U.S. led to speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve could raise interest rates as early as September. Additional losses within this sector were experienced during August from positions in Japanese fixed income
futures. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the quarter was offset by gains achieved within the global stock index sector during July from long positions in U.S. equity index futures as U.S. employers added far more jobs than expected in
June, providing reassurance that the U.S. economy is growing solidly and pushing equity prices higher. Gains were also recorded within the metals markets primarily during July from long positions in silver futures as prices moved higher early in the
month as investor concerns over the economic situation in Europe spurred demand for  safe haven  assets.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016 the net asset
value per Redeemable Unit decreased 10.9% from $1,590.58 to $1,417.75 as compared to a decrease of 1.3% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss, before fees and expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 of $876,111. Losses were primarily attributable to the Funds  trading of commodity futures in energy, U.S. interest rates, livestock, metals, indices and softs and were partially offset by gains in currencies, grains
and non-U.S. interest rates. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain, before fees and expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $565,578. Gains were primarily attributable to the Funds  trading of commodity futures in
currencies, energy, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, metals and softs and were partially offset by losses in grains, livestock and indices.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the metals markets during February from short positions in zinc futures as
prices rallied after industry reports showed production cuts lowered global supplies. Additional losses within this sector were recorded during May from long positions in gold and silver futures as prices declined as a strengthening U.S. dollar
diminished demand for precious metals. Within the agricultural markets, losses were experienced during March from short positions in coffee and sugar futures as prices spiked higher on news that El Nino weather patterns brought dry conditions and
exacerbated the potential spread of plant disease in South America. Additional losses within the agricultural complex were incurred during January and May from long positions in cocoa futures. Within the global stock index sector, losses were
experienced during June from long positions in Asian and European equity index futures as prices retreated amid the global economic turmoil surrounding the Eurozone. Additional losses were recorded within the global stock index sector during January
from long positions in U.S. and European equity index futures as prices declined sharply. Within the energy sector, losses were recorded during April from short positions in crude oil and its related products as prices surged as data from the Energy
Information Agency showed U.S. crude oil production continues to decline. Additional energy losses were incurred during March from positions in natural gas futures. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the first nine months of the year was
offset by gains achieved within the global interest rate sector during June from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as prices advanced as uncertainty surrounding the economic and political fallout following the U.K. s vote
to leave the European. Additional gains in this sector were recorded during January and February from long positions in European fixed income futures as prices rallied after European Central Bank (the  ECB ) head Mario Draghi said the
ECB s Governing Council would review its stimulus policy as the region s inflation rate fell below zero. Gains within the currency markets were achieved during June from short positions in the euro and British pound versus the U.S. dollar
as the values of the European currencies, particularly the pound which dropped sharply, were negatively impacted by the U.K.  Brexit  referendum. Additional gains within the currency sector were recorded during January from short positions
in the British pound versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the British pound declined as U.K. manufacturing and services data signaled the U.K. s domestic economy was faltering.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Commodity markets are highly volatile. Broad price fluctuations and rapid
inflation increase the risks involved in commodity trading, but also increases the possibility of profit. The profitability of the Funds depends on the existence of major price trends and the ability of the Advisors to correctly identify those price
trends. Price trends are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events and
changes in interest rates. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Funds expect to increase capital through operations.  
 Interest income on 80% of the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of a Fund s) average daily
equity maintained in cash during each month was earned at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. All interest earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by
the Partnership and/or Funds, as applicable. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or the Funds  account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner.
Interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $5,218 and $15,539, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher 4-week U.S. Treasury
bill discount rates along with additional interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The amount of interest income earned by the
Partnership/Funds depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s or applicable Fund s accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities purchased by the Partnership
and/or the Funds  and (3) interest rates over which the Partnership, the Funds or MS Co. has control.    Ongoing
selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the
fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $15,398 and $39,394, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in
ongoing selling agent fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 Management fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month
and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $5,691
and $14,613, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in the management fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods
in 2015.    General Partner fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the business and affairs of the
Partnership including, among other things, (i) selecting, appointing and terminating the Partnership s commodity trading advisor and (ii) monitoring the activities of the commodity trading advisor. These fees are calculated as a percentage of
the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. General Partner
fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $6,844 and $17,687, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in General Partner fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.    Incentive fees are based on the
new trading profits generated by each Advisor as defined in the management agreements among the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor and are payable annually. Trading performance for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
resulted in an incentive fee accrual of $7,674 and $53,637, respectively. Trading performance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 resulted in an incentive fee accrual of $7,674 and $53,637, respectively. To the extent an Advisor
incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred by the Advisor and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership.  
 In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers among other factors, each
Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time.
   As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the Advisors in the
following approximate percentages:      
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 The Partnership/Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments held by them are acquired for
speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s/Funds  assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to
the Funds  main lines of business.    The limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net
asset value of their investment.    Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair value of the
Partnership s/Funds  open contracts and, consequently in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s/Funds  market risks are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates,
exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects of the Partnership s/Funds  open contracts and the liquidity of the markets in which they trade.  
 The Partnership/Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets.
Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s/Funds  past performances are not necessarily indicative of their future results.  
  Value at Risk  is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Funds could reasonably be expected to lose
in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Funds  speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership/Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in
actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Funds  experiences to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to
all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Funds  losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk
or by the Partnership s/Funds  attempts to manage their market risks.    Exchange margin requirements have been
used by the Partnership/Funds as the measure of their Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95%-99% of any one-day
interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic
fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.    Value at
Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments. The Advisors currently trade the Partnership s assets indirectly in master fund managed accounts established in the name of the Funds
over which they have been granted limited authority to make trading decisions. The first two trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership indirectly, through its investments in the Funds. The
remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by each Fund, separately. There have been no material changes in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the
Partnership s open positions by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership s total capitalization was $10,377,107.  
       
       As of December 31,
2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was $13,511,960.          
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the
Partnership s investments in the Funds by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the highest, lowest and average value during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and during the twelve months
ended December 31, 2015. All open contracts trading risk exposures have been included in calculating the figures set forth below.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Aspect Master s total capitalization was $54,933,557. The Partnership owned approximately
11.7% of Aspect Master. As of September 30, 2016, Aspect Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aspect for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Aspect Master s total capitalization was $68,465,577. The Partnership owned approximately
10.5% of Aspect Master. As of December 31, 2015, Aspect Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aspect for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      22  

Table of Contents  

  As of June 30, 2016, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Altis
Master.    As of December 31, 2015, Altis Master s total capitalization was $44,314,279. The Partnership owned
approximately 15.0% of Altis Master. As of December 31, 2015, Altis Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Altis for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      23  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, PGR Master s total capitalization was
$23,255,631. The Partnership owned approximately 18.6% of PGR Master. As of September 30, 2016, PGR Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to PGR for trading) was as follows:

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      24  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and
Chief Financial Officer (the  CFO ) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings.  
 The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining
and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures.    The General
Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  Rules 13a-15(e)  and
 15d-15(e)  under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016, and, based on that evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective.    The Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  is a
process under the supervision of the General Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls
include policies and procedures that:      

pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership;         

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and     

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     
 There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting process during the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business,
to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner.  
 On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited
liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations
concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and
investigations. As a result, please refer to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of
Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . Please refer to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies   Legal section of
MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.    In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal
course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global
diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from
time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has
increased in recent years with regard to many financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.  
 MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York
10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters    
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain claims
that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV (defined below), and asserts violations of the
California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21,
2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney
General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co.
pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.  
 On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS
Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information
related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve
the matter on February 10, 2016.    On June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order
Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) to resolve allegations related to
the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ). Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009,
MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade
( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC
Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or
denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public
statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found
that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.    On July 23, 2014, the SEC
approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain
affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters were
resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by
issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient U.S. dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all U.S. dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of U.S. dollars, to meet its U.S. dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another
defendant in the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. By orders dated June
23, 2011 and July 18, 2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to
plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. On August 11, 2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20,
2013, plaintiff s negligent misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these
certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these
losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on
April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage
loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered
an order dismissing all claims related to one of the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in part and denied in
part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these
voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through
certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference
between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be
entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      29  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on currently
available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment
against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s decision
denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the certificates had
incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred)
and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest
received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime residential
mortgage-backed securities held by the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24,
2013, the parties reached an agreement to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on
June 10, 2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential
mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of
the plaintiff s claims, including all remaining claims against MS Co..    On July 9, 2010 and
February 11, 2011, Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled
 Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its
affiliates or sold to plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co. and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On
February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.    On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and
Pinnacle Performance Limited, a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et
al. v. Pinnacle Performance Ltd., et al.  On January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and
abetting fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received
final court approval on July 2, 2015.    On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated
entities filed a complaint against MS Co. in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleged that the defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold
to the plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or
recessionary damages associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed
on April 2, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of the certificates allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, as conservator for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed in the Supreme
Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and sought, among other things, rescission and
compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and sought, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as well
as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raised claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of negligent
misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and included a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates
Litigation , which had been pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates
in 2006 and 2007 contained false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval,
and on December 19, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B v.
Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2, 2015, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint
against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of
certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $141
million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23, 2015,
the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney General s
Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to RMBS. The lawsuit
alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserted claims under the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers
Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and sought, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order dismissing the
action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those
described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner
believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

     Item lA. Risk Factors.   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the
Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June
30, 2016.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
 The Partnership no longer offers Redeemable Units for sale.  
 The following chart sets forth the purchases of limited partner Redeemable Units by the Partnership.  

* 
   Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on
three business days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership
reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.     

** 
   Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the end of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable
Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions.          Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior
Securitie s   None.         Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    Not Applicable.    
    Item 5. Other Information    None.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits   

3.1     
    
   Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of New
York, dated June 12, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated June 30, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated October 1, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c)  
    
   Certificate of Change of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, effective January 31, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(d)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(d) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(e)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(e) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(f)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated August 27, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(g)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(g) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(h)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(i)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(i) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(j)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(k)  
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(k) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

3.2     
    
   Limited Partnership Agreement, dated June 15, 1998 (filed as Exhibit A to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on
August 20, 1998 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   Amendment No. 1 to the Limited Partnership Agreement, effective October 1, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(a) to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
    
   Amendment No. 2 to the Limited Partnership Agreement, effective January 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).    
      35  

Table of Contents  

10.1    
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner, and Aspect Capital Limited, dated April 17, 2001 (filed as
Exhibit 10.12 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending Management Agreement with Aspect Capital Limited, from June 30, 2015 to
June 30, 2016, dated June 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.2    
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited, dated October 1, 2005
(filed as Exhibit 33.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on November 16, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited, dated
June 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
    
   Second Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Altis Partners (Jersey)
Limited, dated August 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c)  
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending Management Agreement with Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited, from June 30, 2015 to
June 30, 2016, dated June 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.2(c) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.3    
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and PGR Capital LLP, dated August 11, 2016 (filed as
Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and PGR Capital LLP, dated September 15,
2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.4    
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Blackwater Capital Management LLC, dated October 29,
2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Blackwater Capital Management LLC,
dated December 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.6(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Blackwater
Capital Management LLC, from June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016, dated June 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.4(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.5    
    
   Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) dated March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.6    
    
   Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective
October 29, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
    
   U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1, 2015
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.11   
    
   Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C Technologies, Inc.
effective March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).    
      36  

Table of Contents  

101.INS  
   
     XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH  
   
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL  
   
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  
   
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE  
   
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  
   
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document.   
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

GLOBAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.     

By:   
   
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 (General Partner)   

By:   
   
   /s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan   

President and Director   

Date:  November 10, 2016   

By:   
   
   /s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016   
 
      38  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d279030dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Patrick
T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d279030dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d279030dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for
the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d279030dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Global Diversified Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for
the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gdff-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gdff-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gdff-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gdff-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gdff-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gdff-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

