<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1650205_0001659173-16-000593_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>853942</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>42301</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>73831</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>217843</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>248999</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>242789</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001659173-16-000593.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109173107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001659173-16-000593
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANDES 7 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001650205
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				474683655
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55491
		FILM NUMBER:		161985296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		424 CLAY STREET, LOWER LEVEL
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-713-6957

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		424 CLAY STREET, LOWER LEVEL
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001659173-16-000593.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 andes710q320160616.htm
 10-Q THIRD QUARTER ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

 [X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 
[ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934 

Commission file number:  000-55491   

ANDES 7 Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       47-4683655   

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  

Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      Identification No.)  

424 Clay Street, Lower Level, San Francisco, CA   
       
       94111   

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code:   415 463 7827   

N/A   

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

[Table of Contents]    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No

State the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of November 7, 2016, the issuer had
10,100,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

[Table of Contents]    

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I  

Item 1.  
      Unaudited Financial Statements  
       4   

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       12   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       15   

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       15   

PART II  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       16   

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
       16   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       17   

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       17   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       17   

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       17   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       17   

Signatures  
       18   

[Table of Contents]    

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  (Unaudited)  

  Contents  

[Table of Contents]    

ANDES
7 Inc.   
 Condensed Balance Sheets    

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

[Table of Contents]    

ANDES 7 Inc.   
 Condensed Statement of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

[Table of Contents]    

ANDES 7 Inc.   
 Statement of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

[Table of Contents]    

ANDES 7 Inc.  

    Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

1.        DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY  

Description of business   
ANDES 7 Inc., (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 27, 2015, and has been
inactive since inception. The Company intends to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital
stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. 

On February 12, 2016, the
Company entered into a Subscription Agreements with three subscribers for the issuance of its restricted common stock   Abina
Asean, Co. Ltd., an entity organized under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles (8,000,000 shares), Toh Kean Ban (1,000,000 shares)
and Dr. Ir. H.M. Itoc Tochija (1,000,000 shares). Each of the Subscription Agreements were the result of privately negotiated transactions
without the use of public dissemination of promotional or sales materials. Each of the buyers represented they were  accredited
investors,  and as such could bear the risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time and to afford a complete
loss thereof. 

In addition, on February
12, 2016, Tech Associates, Inc. ( Tech ) was engaged to provide advisory and consulting services. Tech s compensation
is not based on the facilitation of or sale of securities; rather, Tech has been engaged to provide consulting services in the
context of a  going public  strategy. Tech s sole shareholder is Richard Chiang, who is a former control person
of the Company by virtue of his prior controlling interest in the Company. In consideration of mutual releases between Richard
Chiang and the Company, Mr. Chiang consented to the Company s redemption of 9,900,000 shares at par value, i.e. $990, which
had previously been issued to him in serving in director and officer capacities. The Company has no disputes or disagreements with
Mr. Chiang. In order to effectuate the redemption, Mr. Chiang agreed to return the stock certificate representing the 10,000,000
shares previously issued in consideration of the issuance of a new stock certificate representing 100,000 shares of restricted
common stock. Following the Consent, the Board of Directors accepted Mr. Chiang s resignation from the Board of Directors
as being in the best interests of the Company, and proceeded to appoint Mr. Andrew Khor Poh Kiang as Chairman of the Board pursuant
to the Consent. In addition, Mr. Chiang resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer. 

On the same date as above,
Andrew Khor Poh Kiang was named Chief Executive Officer and President, Lee Kok Keing was named Chief Financial Officer, Dr.
Eric Chin Tek Mun was named Chief Operations Officer, Simon Chua Chooi Huat, was named Secretary, and Dr. Ng Mooi Eng was named
Treasurer. 

[Table of Contents]    

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
POLICIES  

Basis of presentation  -
The accompanying unaudited financial statements of ANDES 7 Inc. have been prepared without audit pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission requirements for interim financial statements. Therefore, they do not include all of
the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial
statements. The financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements ANDES 7 Inc in our Form
10-12G/A2 filed on September 8, 2015. 

The interim unaudited financial
statements present the balance sheets, statement of operations and cash flows of ANDES 7 Inc. The financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.In the opinion of management, all adjustments
necessary to present fairly the financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows presented
herein have been included in the financial statements. All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. Interim results
are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for the full year. 

Use of estimates   
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are based on
historical information, information that is currently available to the Company and on various other assumptions that the Company
believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Earnings (loss) per share   
Basic earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income
available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased
to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities
had been issued. There were no potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented. 

Stock-based compensation   
The Company accounts for equity instruments issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board( FASB ) ASC 718-10, Compensation   Stock Compensation, and
the conclusions reached by FASB ASC 505-50, Equity   Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. Costs are measured at the estimated
fair market value of the consideration received or the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. The value of equity instruments issued for consideration other than employee services is determined on the
earliest of a performance commitment or completion of performance by the provider of goods or services as defined by FASB ASC 505-50. 

[Table of Contents]    

Income taxes   
The Company follows Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax
assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or
tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences are expected
to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than
not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Income and Income in the period
that includes the enactment date. 

The Company adopted section
740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ) with regards to uncertainty income taxes.
 Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should
be recorded in the financial statements.  Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position
should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes,
accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.  The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities
for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of Section 740-10-25. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
The Company has evaluated recent pronouncements through Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) 2015-08 and believes that
none of them will have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

3.      GOING
CONCERN  

The accompanying unaudited
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses since inception and had a deficit accumulated
of $16,421 as of September 30, 2016. The Company requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The
Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of
additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately,
to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve
these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

[Table of Contents]    

4.     STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

Preferred Stock   
The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock. As September 30, 2016 no shares of preferred
stock had been issued. 

Common Stock  -
The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock. As of September 30, 2016, 10,100,000
shares were issued and outstanding respectively. 

Upon formation of the Company
on July 27, 2015, the Board of Directors issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock for $1,000 in services to the founding shareholder
of the Company. In addition, the founding shareholder has made contributions of $1,619 and $1,250 to the Company for the period
ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively which is recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

On February 12, 2016, the
Company entered into a Subscription Agreements with three subscribers for the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of restricted common
stock at par value of $0.0001 for total proceeds of $1,000 (refer to Note 1). As of September 30, 2016 the proceeds have not yet
been collected and have been debited to stock subscription receivable. 

5.     RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

As September 30, 2016, the
Company owed Richard Chiang $990 for the redemption of 9,900,000 shares at par value, which had previously been issued to him in
serving in director and officer capacities. 

As of September 30, 2016,
and December 31, 2015, the Company owed its CEO $7,627 and $0, respectively for cash advances that were used for certain operating
expenses. The advancesare unsecured, non-interest bearing and due upon demand. The CEO has also contributed $4,925 of capital for
operating expenses. 

6.      SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS  

Management has evaluated
subsequent events up to and including November 7, 2016, which is the date the statements were made available for issuance and determined
there are no reportable subsequent events. 

[Table of Contents]    

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements   

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q (the  Report ).
This Report contains forward-looking statements which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   expects, 
 plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions
upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual
results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future
performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The Company will attempt
to locate and negotiate with a business entity for the combination of that target company with the Company. The combination will
normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange (the  business combination ).
In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free
reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No assurances can be given that
the Company will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target business. 

The Company has not restricted
its search for any specific kind of businesses, and it may acquire a business which is in its preliminary stage, which is already
in operation, or in essentially any stage of its business life. It is impossible to predict the status of any business in which
the Company may become engaged, in that such business may need to seek additional capital, may desire to have its shares publicly
traded, or may seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer. 

In implementing a structure
for a particular business acquisition, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture,
or licensing agreement with another corporation or entity. 

It is anticipated that any
securities issued in any such business combination would be issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under applicable
federal and state securities laws. In some circumstances, however, as a negotiated element of its transaction, the Company may
agree to register all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter.
If such registration occurs, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has entered into an agreement for
a business combination or has consummated a business combination. The issuance of additional securities and their potential sale
into any trading market which may develop in the Company's securities may depress the market value of the Company's securities
in the future if such a market develops, of which there is no assurance. 

[Table of Contents]    

The Company will participate
in a business combination only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate agreements. Negotiations with a target company
will likely focus on the percentage of the Company which the target company shareholders would acquire in exchange for their shareholdings.
Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally such agreements will require certain representations and warranties
of the parties thereto, will specify certain events of default, will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must
be satisfied by the parties prior to and after such closing and will include miscellaneous other terms. Any merger or acquisition
effected by the Company can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by the Company's
shareholders at such time. 

Results of Operations  

Three Months Ended September
30, 2016  

Revenues  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, we had no revenues. We are completely dependent upon the willingness of our management to fund our initial operations
by way of loans from our Chief Executive Officer, shareholders and/or others. 

Operating Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses were $4,750 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3,079 for the period from July 27, 2015
(inception) through September 30, 2015. General and administrative expense consists of professional fees related to the requirements
of SEC filings. 

Net Loss  

Net loss for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was $4,750 compared to $3,079 for the period from July 27, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015.
Net loss is due to general and administrative expenses as discussed above. 

Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016  

Revenues  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had no revenues. We are completely dependent upon the willingness of our management to fund our initial operations
by way of loans from our Chief Executive Officer, shareholders and/or others. 

Operating Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses were $12,552 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. General and administrative expense consists of professional
fees related to the requirements of SEC filings. 

[Table of Contents]    

Net Loss  

Net loss for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $12,552. Net loss is due to general and administrative expenses as discussed above. 

Liquidity  

The accompanying unaudited
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $0 and total liabilities of $8,617. We used
$14,171 of cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our current cash balance and
cash flow from operating activities will not be sufficient to fund our operations. Our cash flow provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $14,171 from advances by a related party. The Company has a working capital
deficiency of $8,617 and a shareholders  deficit of $16,421 at September 30, 2016. 

Over the next 12 months we
expect to expend approximately $10,000 in cash for legal, accounting and related services. Cash used for other expenditures is
expected to be minimal. We hope to be able to attract suitable investors for our business plan, which will not require us to use
our cash, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in these efforts. 

We expect to be able to secure
capital through advances from our Chief Executive Officer, shareholders and others in order to pay expenses such as organizational
costs, filing fees, accounting fees and legal fees. We believe it will be difficult to secure capital in the future because we
have no assets to secure debt and there is currently no trading market for our securities. We will need additional capital in the
next twelve months and if we cannot raise such capital on acceptable terms, we may have to curtail our operations or terminate
our business entirely. 

The inability to obtain financing
or generate sufficient cash from operations could require us to reduce or eliminate expenditures for acquiring suitable partners
or otherwise curtail or discontinue our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, the issuance of such securities may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds
through the issuance of debt securities, these securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our
common stock and the terms of such debt could impose restrictions on our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove
to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek to compensate providers of services by issuing stock in lieu of cash,
which may also result in dilution to existing stockholders. 

Operating Capital and
Capital Expenditure Requirements  

Our controlling shareholders
expect to advance us additional funding for operating costs in order to implement our business plan. The funds are loaned to the
Company as required to pay amounts owed by the Company. As such, our operating capital is currently limited to the resources of
our controlling shareholders. The loans from our controlling shareholders are unsecured and non-interest bearing and have no set
terms of repayment. We anticipate receiving additional capital once we are able to have our securities actively trading on a public
exchange. There is no guarantee our stock will develop a market on that public exchange. 

[Table of Contents]    

Plan of Operation and
Funding  

We do not currently engage
in enough business activities that provide cash flow. During the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related
to: 

(i)
filing of Exchange Act reports, and 

(ii)
costs relating to developing our business plan 

We believe we will be able
to meet these costs through amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us by our controlling shareholder. 

Item 3. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

None. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, September 30, 2016. This evaluation was carried out under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or
submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting, which is described below. 

[Table of Contents]    

Management s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of
duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

We plan to take steps to
enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope
to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2016: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel
to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures
for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing
additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation
efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

There are not presently any
material pending legal proceedings to which the Registrant is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such
proceedings are known to the Registrant to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

A smaller reporting company
is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

[Table of Contents]    

Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

On February 12, 2016, the
Company entered into a Subscription Agreements with three subscribers for the issuance of its restricted common stock   Abina
Asean, Co. Ltd., an entity organized under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles (8,000,000 shares), Toh Kean Ban (1,000,000 shares)
and Dr. Ir. H.M. Itoc Tochija (1,000,000 shares). Each of the Subscription Agreements were the result of privately negotiated transactions
without the use of public dissemination of promotional or sales materials. Each of the buyers represented they were  accredited
investors,  and as such could bear the risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time and to afford a complete
loss thereof. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon
Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

[Table of Contents]    

SIGNATURES  

 In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ANDES 7 Inc.    

By:  
        /s/ Andrew Khor Poh Kiang     

Andrew Khor Poh Kiang 
         President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board
        of Directors   

By:  
       /s/  Lee Kok Keing     

Lee Kok Keing 
         Chief Financial Officer   

Dated: November 9, 2016 

[Table of Contents]    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e311.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AS ADOPTED  
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,   Andrew
Khor Poh Kiang  , certify that:  

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of ANDES 7 Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November 9, 2016 

By:   /s/       Andrew
Khor Poh Kiang    

 Andrew Khor Poh Kiang 

  Chief Executive Officer, 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e312.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
AS ADOPTED  
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,   Lee
Kok Keing  , certify that:  

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of ANDES 7 Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November 9 ,
2 016 

By:   /s/       Lee
Kok Keing    

 Lee Kok Keing 

 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e321.htm

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of ANDES 7 Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Andrew Khor Poh Kiang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to his knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 9 ,
20 16 

By  : /s/ Andrew Khor Poh Kiang   

 Andrew Khor Poh Kiang 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies each
Report pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e322.htm

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of ANDES 7 Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Lee Kok Keing Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By  : /s/ Lee Kok Keing   

 Lee Kok Keing 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 andes7-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 andes7-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 andes7-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 andes7-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 andes7-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 andes7-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

