<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1376227_0001144204-16-132026_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3266280</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133375</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>683780</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>595635</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1239460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>543623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132026.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107150012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United States Natural Gas Fund, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				205576760
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33096
		FILM NUMBER:		161977766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-522-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	United States Gas Fund LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060922

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132026.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v450966_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition
                                         report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for
                                         the transition period from            to
                                                     .     

Commission File Number: 001-33096  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       20-5576760    
 
       (State or other
    jurisdiction of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation
    or organization)   
       
       Identification
    No.)    

1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1530  

  Oakland, California 94612  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(510) 522-9600  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x
    Yes        
    No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     x
    Yes        
    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
      x  
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    
    Yes       x
    No  

The registrant had  73,866,476 shares outstanding as of
November 2, 2016.  

UNITED STATES NATURAL GAS FUND, LP  

Page    
 
        Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.   
      1   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
     14  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
     28  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
     29  

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    
     29  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
     29  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
     29  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
     29  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
     29  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
     29  

Item 5. Other Information.   
     30  

Item 6. Exhibits.   
     30  

Part I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Item 1.
Condensed Financial Statements.  

Index to Condensed
Financial Statements  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

* Collateral amounted to $58,219,166 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS  

The United States Natural Gas Fund, LP
( UNG ) was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on September 11, 2006.
UNG is a commodity pool that issues limited partnership shares ( shares ) that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE
Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). Prior to November 25, 2008, UNG s shares traded on the American Stock Exchange
(the  AMEX ). UNG will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or more events
as described in its Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of March 1, 2013 (the  LP
Agreement ). The investment objective of UNG is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share
net asset value ( NAV ) to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the price of natural gas delivered at
the Henry Hub, Louisiana as measured by the daily changes in the price of the futures contract on natural gas as traded on the
New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), that is the near month contract to expire, except when the near month
contract is within two weeks of expiration, in which case the futures contract will be the next month contract to expire (the
 Benchmark Futures Contract ), less UNG s expenses. It is not the intent of UNG to be operated in a fashion
such that the per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of natural gas or any particular futures contract based
on natural gas. It is not the intent of UNG to be operated in a fashion such that its per share NAV will reflect the percentage
change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. United States Commodity
Funds LLC ( USCF ), the general partner of UNG, believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve
such an investment goal when investing in Natural Gas Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments
(as defined below). The net assets of UNG consist primarily of investments in futures contracts for natural gas that are traded
on the NYMEX, ICE Futures Exchange ( ICE Futures ) or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Natural
Gas Futures Contracts ) and, to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions,
other natural gas-related investments such as cash-settled options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts, forward contracts for natural
gas, cleared swap contracts, and non-exchange traded over-the-counter ( OTC ) transactions that are based on the price
of natural gas, crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels, as well as futures contracts for crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline
and other petroleum-based fuels and indices based on the foregoing (collectively,  Other Natural Gas-Related Investments ).
Market conditions that USCF currently anticipates could cause UNG to invest in Other Natural Gas-Related Investments including
those allowing UNG to obtain greater liquidity or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing. For convenience and unless
otherwise specified, Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments collectively are referred to as  Natural
Gas Interests  in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. As of September 30, 2016, UNG held 14,731 NG Futures November 2016
Contracts traded on the NYMEX and 20,000 LD1 H Futures November 2016 Contracts traded on the ICE Futures US. 

UNG commenced investment operations on
April 18, 2007 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of UNG. USCF is a
member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA ) and became registered as a commodity pool operator with the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps firm on August 8, 2013.
USCF is also the general partner of the United States Oil Fund, LP ( USO ), the United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP
( USL ), the United States Gasoline Fund, LP ( UGA ) and the United States Diesel-Heating Oil Fund, LP
( UHN ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbols  USO  on April 10,
2006,  USL  on December 6, 2007,  UGA  on February 26, 2008 and  UHN  on April 9,
2008, respectively. As a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, each of USO s, USL s, UGA s
and UHN s shares commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. USCF is also the general partner of the United
States Short Oil Fund, LP ( DNO ), the United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNL ) and the United
States Brent Oil Fund, LP ( BNO ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker
symbols  DNO  on September 24, 2009,  UNL  on November 18, 2009 and  BNO  on June 2,
2010, respectively. USCF is also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ), the United States
Copper Index Fund ( CPER ), the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ) and the USCF Canadian Crude
Oil Index Fund ( UCCO ), each a series of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust. USCI, CPER and USAG listed
their shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  USCI  on August 10, 2010,  CPER  on November 15,
2011 and  USAG  on April 13, 2012, respectively. UCCO is currently in registration. 

All funds listed previously, other than
UCCO, are referred to collectively herein as the  Related Public Funds.  

UNG issues shares to certain authorized
purchasers ( Authorized Participants ) by offering baskets consisting of 100,000 shares ( Creation Baskets )
through ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the  Marketing Agent ). The purchase price for a Creation
Basket is based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on
the day the order to create the basket is properly received.  

In addition, Authorized Participants pay
UNG a $1,000 fee for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more baskets ( Redemption
Baskets ), consisting of 100,000 shares. Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange
in smaller increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities
exchange are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of UNG but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. 

In April 2007, UNG initially registered
30,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). On April 18, 2007,
UNG listed its shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbol  UNG  and switched to trading on the NYSE Arca under the
same ticker symbol on November 25, 2008. On that day, UNG established its  initial per share NAV by setting the price at
$50.00 and issued 200,000 shares in exchange for $10,001,000. UNG also commenced investment operations on April 18, 2007,
by purchasing Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX based on natural gas. As of September 30, 2016, UNG had registered
a total of 1,880,000,000 shares. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include
all information and footnote disclosure required under generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United
States of America. The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of USCF, necessary for the fair presentation of the
condensed financial statements for the interim period. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification. UNG is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commodity futures contracts, forward contracts,
physical commodities and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified
cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are reflected in the condensed statements
of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by
exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for forward
contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of
the condensed financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the condensed statements
of operations. UNG earns income on funds held at the custodian or futures commission merchant ( FCM ) at prevailing
market rates earned on such investments. 

Investments in OTC total return swap contracts
(see Note 5) are arrangements to exchange a periodic payment for a market-linked return, each based on a notional amount. To the
extent that the total return of the commodity future, security or index underlying the transaction exceeds or falls short of the
offsetting periodic payment obligation, UNG receives a payment from, or makes a payment to, the swap counterparty. The OTC swap
contracts are valued daily based upon the appreciation or depreciation of the underlying securities subsequent to the effective
date of the contract. Changes in the value of the swaps are reported as unrealized gains and losses and periodic payments are
recorded as realized gains or losses in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. 

Brokerage Commissions  

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes  

UNG is not subject to federal income taxes;
each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return.  

In accordance with GAAP, UNG is required
to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority,
including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. UNG files
an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. UNG is not subject
to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2013. The tax benefit recognized is measured as
the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition
of a tax benefit previously recognized results in UNG recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, UNG s
conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not
limited to, on-going analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. UNG recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Creations and Redemptions  

Authorized Participants may purchase Creation
Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 100,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly
after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. 

UNG receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Participants are reflected in UNG s condensed statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold, and amounts
payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. 

Authorized Participants pay UNG a transaction
fee of $1,000 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. 

Partnership Capital and Allocation
of Partnership Income and Losses  

Profit or loss shall be allocated among
the partners of UNG in proportion to the number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise, alter
or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement. 

Calculation of Per Share Net Asset
Value ( NAV )  

UNG s per share NAV is calculated
on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing
that amount by the total number of shares outstanding. UNG uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange
on that day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Net income (loss) per share is the difference
between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of shares
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The weighted average shares
are equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares added and redeemed
based on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by USCF at September
30, 2016. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs incurred in connection
with the registration of additional shares after the initial registration of shares are borne by UNG. These costs include registration
fees paid to regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offerings. These
costs are accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or
a shorter period if warranted. 

Cash Equivalents  

Cash equivalents include money
market funds and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of six months or less. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the accompanying condensed
financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current presentation.  

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported
amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

NOTE 3   FEES PAID BY THE FUND
AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

USCF Management Fee  

Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible
for investing the assets of UNG in accordance with the objectives and policies of UNG. In addition, USCF has arranged for one
or more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to UNG. For
these services, UNG is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, that is equal to 0.60% per annum of average
daily total net assets of $1,000,000,000 or less and 0.50% per annum of average daily total net assets that are greater than $1,000,000,000. 

Ongoing Registration Fees and Other
Offering Expenses  

UNG pays all costs and expenses associated
with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration or other
fees paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing and other
expenses associated with such offer and sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, UNG incurred $303,041 and
$277,355, respectively, in registration fees and other offering expenses. 

Independent Directors  and Officers 
Expenses  

UNG is responsible for paying its portion
of the directors  and officers  liability insurance for UNG and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses
of the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of UNG and the Related Public Funds. UNG shares the fees
and expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related
Public Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016 are estimated to be
a total of $60,000 for UNG and, in the aggregate for UNG and the Related Public Funds, $554,800. 

Licensing Fees  

As discussed in Note 4 below, UNG entered
into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011. Pursuant to the agreement, UNG and
the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee that is equal to 0.015% on all net assets.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, UNG incurred $59,219 and $70,971, respectively, under this arrangement. 

Investor Tax Reporting Cost  

The fees and expenses associated with
UNG s audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by UNG. These costs are estimated to be $900,000
for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

Other Expenses and Fees  

In addition to the fees described above,
UNG pays all brokerage fees, transaction costs for OTC swaps, if any, and other expenses in connection with the operation
of UNG, but excluding costs and expenses paid by USCF as outlined in  Note 4   Contracts and Agreements  below. 

NOTE 4   CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS  

Marketing Agent Agreements  

UNG is party to a marketing agent agreement,
dated as of April 17, 2007, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing Agent
provides certain marketing services for UNG as outlined in the agreement. The fee of the Marketing Agent, which is borne by USCF,
is equal to 0.06% on UNG s assets up to $3 billion and 0.04% on UNG s assets in excess of $3 billion. In no event
may the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution-related services exceed
10% of the gross proceeds of UNG s offering. 

The above fee does not include website
construction and development, which are also borne by USCF.  

Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. Agreements  

UNG is also party to a custodian agreement,
dated March 5, 2007, as amended from time to time, with Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. ( BBH Co. )
and USCF, whereby BBH Co. holds investments on behalf of UNG. USCF pays the fees of the custodian, which are determined
by the parties from time to time. In addition, UNG is party to an administrative agency agreement, dated March 5, 2007, as
amended from time to time, with USCF and BBH Co., whereby BBH Co. acts as the administrative agent, transfer agent
and registrar for UNG. USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are determined
by the parties from time to time. 

Currently, USCF pays BBH Co. for its
services, in the foregoing capacities, a minimum amount of $75,000 annually for its custody, fund accounting and fund administration
services rendered to UNG and each of the Related Public Funds, as well as a $20,000 annual fee for its transfer agency services.
In addition, USCF pays BBH Co. an asset-based charge of (a) 0.06% for the first $500 million of the Related Public Funds 
combined net assets, (b) 0.0465% for the Related Public Funds  combined net assets greater than $500 million but
less than $1 billion, and (c) 0.035% once the Related Public Funds  combined net assets exceed $1 billion. The annual
minimum amount will not apply if the asset-based charge for all accounts in the aggregate exceeds $75,000. USCF also pays BBH Co.
transaction fees ranging from $7 to $15 per transaction. 

Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant
Agreements  

On October 8, 2013, UNG entered into a
brokerage agreement with RBC Capital Markets, LLC ( RBC Capital  or  RBC ) to serve as UNG s FCM
effective October 10, 2013. The agreement with RBC requires it to provide services to UNG in connection with the purchase and
sale of Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through
RBC Capital for UNG s account. In accordance with the agreement, RBC Capital charges UNG commissions of approximately $7
to $8 per round-turn trade, including applicable exchange, clearing and NFA fees for Natural Gas Futures Contracts and options
on Natural Gas Futures Contracts. Such fees include those incurred when purchasing Natural Gas Futures Contracts and options on
Natural Gas Futures Contracts when UNG issues shares as a result of a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Natural
Gas Futures Contracts and options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts when UNG redeems shares as a result of a Redemption Basket.
Such fees are also incurred when Natural Gas Futures Contracts and options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts are purchased or redeemed
for the purpose of rebalancing the portfolio. UNG also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sales of Natural Gas
Futures Contracts, Other Natural Gas-Related Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less ( Treasuries ). 

The decrease in the total commissions
accrued to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was
a result of UNG s smaller size in terms of average net assets. 

NYMEX Licensing Agreement  

UNG and the NYMEX entered into a
licensing agreement on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011, whereby UNG was granted a non-exclusive license
to use certain of the NYMEX s settlement prices and service marks. Under the licensing agreement, UNG and the Related
Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay the NYMEX an asset-based fee for the license, the terms
of which are described in Note 3. UNG expressly disclaims any association with the NYMEX or endorsement of UNG by the NYMEX and
acknowledges that  NYMEX  and  New York Mercantile Exchange  are registered trademarks of the NYMEX.  

NOTE 5   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS,
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES  

UNG engages in the trading of futures
contracts, options on futures contracts, cleared swaps and OTC swaps (collectively,  derivatives ). UNG is
exposed to both market risk, which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which
is the risk of failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

UNG may enter into futures contracts,
options on futures contracts, cleared swaps and OTC swaps to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity.
A futures contract obligates the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and
type of a commodity at a specified time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others
are settled in cash. The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical
delivery of the underlying commodity or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same
or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. Cleared swaps are OTC agreements that are eligible to be cleared by
a clearinghouse, e.g., ICE Clear Europe, but which are not traded on an exchange. A cleared swap is created when the parties to
an off-exchange OTC swap transaction agree to extinguish their OTC swap and replace it with a cleared swap. Cleared swaps are
intended to provide the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts,
including credit risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and cleared swaps require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary
for any loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from
the FCM s proprietary activities. 

Futures contracts, options on futures
contracts and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure
to loss in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure UNG
has in the particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation
between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility
of an illiquid market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of
purchasing or selling futures contracts. 

All of UNG s investment contracts
were exchange-traded futures contracts through September 30, 2016. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally
perceived to be less than those associated with OTC swaps, since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its
respective individual counterparties. However, in the future, if UNG were to enter into non-exchange traded contracts, it would
be subject to the credit risk associated with counterparty non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance
associated with such instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction. UNG has credit risk under its futures
contracts since the sole counterparty to all domestic and foreign futures contracts is the clearinghouse for the exchange on which
the relevant contracts are traded. In addition, UNG bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. 

UNG s cash and other property, such
as Treasuries, deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available.
It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of
an FCM could result in the complete loss of UNG s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of UNG s assets
are held in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with UNG s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency of
an FCM. The failure or insolvency of UNG s custodian, however, could result in a substantial loss of UNG s assets. 

USCF invests a portion of UNG s
cash in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. UNG is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an
investment in such money market funds. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, UNG held investments in money market funds
in the amounts of $50,000,000 and $30,000,000, respectively. UNG also holds cash deposits with its custodian. Pursuant to a written
agreement with BBH Co., uninvested overnight cash balances are swept to offshore branches of U.S. regulated and domiciled
banks located in Toronto, Canada; London, United Kingdom; Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and Nassau, Bahamas; which are subject
to U.S. regulation and regulatory oversight. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, UNG held cash deposits and investments
in Treasuries in the amounts of $532,165,995 and $448,772,036, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these
amounts may be subject to loss should UNG s custodian and/or FCM cease operations. 

For derivatives, risks arise from changes
in the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, UNG is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures contracts purchased
and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. As both a buyer and a seller of options, UNG pays or receives a premium
at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. 

UNG s policy is to continuously
monitor its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting
controls and procedures. In addition, UNG has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty
with which it conducts business. 

The financial instruments held by UNG
are reported in its condensed statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate
fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. 

NOTE 6   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following table presents per share
performance data and other supplemental financial data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the shareholders.
This information has been derived from information presented in the condensed financial statements. 

*    Annualized.  

Total returns are calculated based on
the change in value during the period. An individual shareholder s total return and ratio may vary from the above total
returns and ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from UNG. 

NOTE 7   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

UNG values its investments in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures
about fair value measurement. The changes to past practice resulting from the application of ASC 820 relate to the definition
of fair value, the methods used to measure fair value, and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes
a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained
from sources independent of UNG (observable inputs) and (2) UNG s own assumptions about market participant assumptions
developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels defined by the
ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for  identical  assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level II   Inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets
include the following: quoted prices for  similar  assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability, and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market-corroborated inputs). 

Level III   Unobservable pricing
input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent
that observable inputs are not available.  

In some instances, the inputs used to
measure fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within
which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 

The following table summarizes the valuation of UNG s
securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of UNG s securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

Effective January 1, 2009, UNG adopted
the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 815   Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative
disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains
and losses on derivatives. 

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations  

For the
    nine months ended  September 30, 2016            
      For the
    nine months ended  September 30, 2015        
 
      Derivatives not 
    Accounted for  as Hedging  Instruments       
      Location of 
    Gain (Loss) 
    on Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
      Realized 
    Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized in  Income            
      Change in 
    Unrealized  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized in  Income            
      Realized 
    Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized in  Income            
      Change in 
    Unrealized  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized in  Income        
 
      Futures - Commodity Contracts       
      Realized gain (loss) on closed futures contracts       
      $    139,402,758            
                        
      $    (209,666,028    )       

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open futures contracts       
                        
      $    (119,737,962    )       
                        
      $    115,297,135        

NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

UNG has performed an evaluation of subsequent
events through the date the condensed financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events
that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments.  

Item 2.    Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto of the United States Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNG )
included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including
this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains
forward-looking statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. This information may involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause UNG s actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe UNG s future plans, strategies and expectations, are
generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project,  the
negative of these words, other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based
on assumptions that may be incorrect, and UNG cannot assure investors that the projections included in these forward-looking statements
will come to pass. UNG s actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors. 

UNG has based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to it on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
and UNG assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although UNG undertakes no obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that UNG may make directly to them or through reports that UNG in the future files
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Introduction  

UNG, a Delaware limited partnership, is
a commodity pool that issues shares that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). The investment
objective of UNG is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes, in percentage terms, of the price of natural gas delivered at the Henry Hub, Louisiana, as measured
by the daily changes, in the price of a specified short-term futures contract for natural gas traded on the New York Mercantile
Exchange (the  NYMEX ) that is the near month contract to expire, except when the near month contract is within two
weeks of expiration, in which case it will be measured by the futures contract that is the next month contract to expire (the
 Benchmark Futures Contract ), plus interest earned on the Fund s collateral holdings, less UNG s expenses.
 Near month contract  means the next contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire.  Next month contract 
means the first contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire after the near month contract. 

UNG s investment objective is  not
 for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of natural gas or any particular futures contract
based on natural gas,  nor  is UNG s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage
change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period  greater than one day . The general
partner of UNG, United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio
to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Natural Gas Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Natural Gas-Related
Investments (as defined below). 

UNG invests primarily in futures contracts
for natural gas, crude oil, heating oil, gasoline and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or
other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Natural Gas Futures Contracts ) and to a lesser extent, in order
to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, other natural gas-related investments such as cash-settled
options on Natural Gas Futures Contracts, forward contracts for natural gas, cleared swap contracts and OTC swaps that are based
on the price of natural gas, crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels, Natural Gas Futures Contracts and indices based on the
foregoing (collectively,  Other Natural Gas-Related Investments ). For convenience and unless otherwise specified,
Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments collectively are referred to as  Natural Gas Interests 
in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

USCF believes that market arbitrage opportunities
will cause daily changes in UNG s share price on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis to closely track daily changes in UNG s
per share NAV on a percentage basis. USCF further believes that daily changes in prices of the Benchmark Futures Contract have
historically closely tracked the daily changes in spot prices of natural gas. USCF believes that the net effect of these relationships
will be that the daily changes in the price of UNG s shares on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis will closely track the
daily changes in the spot price of natural gas on a percentage basis, plus interest earned on the Fund s collateral holdings,
less UNG s expenses.  

UNG seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing so that the average daily percentage change in UNG s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will
be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract over
the same period. 

Regulatory Disclosure  

Accountability Levels, Position Limits
and Price Fluctuation Limits.  Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability
levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group
of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by UNG is not) may hold, own or control. These
levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that UNG invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to
accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.
The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down
from the previous day s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures
contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. 

The accountability levels for the Benchmark
Futures Contract and other Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges, such as the NYMEX, are not a
fixed ceiling, but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor s
positions. The current accountability level for investments for any one-month in the Benchmark Futures Contract is 6,000 net contracts.
In addition, the NYMEX imposes an accountability level for all months of 12,000 net futures contracts for natural gas. In addition,
the ICE Futures maintains accountability levels, position limits and monitoring authority for its Henry Hub natural gas contracts.
If UNG and the Related Public Funds exceed these accountability levels for investments in the futures contract for natural gas,
the NYMEX and ICE Futures will monitor such exposure and may ask for further information on their activities, including the total
size of all positions, investment and trading strategy, and the extent of liquidity resources of UNG and the Related Public Funds.
If deemed necessary by the NYMEX and/or ICE Futures, UNG could be ordered to reduce its aggregate net futures contracts back to
the accountability level. As of September 30, 2016, UNG held 14,731 NYMEX Natural Gas Futures NG contracts and 20,000 Natural
Gas Futures LD1 H Contracts traded on the ICE Futures US. UNG exceeded accountability levels of the NYMEX during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, when it held a maximum of 25,828 Natural Gas Futures NG contracts. UNG exceeded accountability levels
of ICE Futures during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, when it held a maximum of 20,000 Natural Gas Futures LD1 H Contracts,
exceeding the  any  month limit. No action was taken by the NYMEX or ICE Futures and UNG did not reduce the number
of Natural Gas Futures Contracts held as a result. 

Position limits differ from accountability
levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow
such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that
may apply at any time, the NYMEX and the ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading
in the near month contract to expire. It is unlikely that UNG will run up against such position limits because UNG s investment
strategy is to close out its positions and  roll  from the near month contract to expire to the next month contract
during a four-day period beginning two weeks from expiration of the contract. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNG
did not exceed position limits imposed by the NYMEX and ICE Futures. 

The regulation of commodity interest trading
in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. The various statements made in this summary are subject
to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
( FINRA ), CFTC, the National Futures Association (the  NFA ), the futures exchanges, clearing organizations
and other regulatory bodies. 

Futures Contracts and Position Limits   

The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute
from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the
marketing of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges
to be offered and sold in the United States. 

The CFTC has proposed to adopt limits
on speculative positions in 28 physical commodity futures and option contracts and as swaps that are economically equivalent to
such contracts in the agriculture, energy and metals markets and rules addressing the circumstances under which market participants
would be required to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Position Limit
Rules ). The Position Limit Rules would, among other things: identify which contracts are subject to speculative position
limits; set thresholds that restrict the number of speculative positions that a person may hold in a spot month, individual month,
and all months combined; create an exemption for positions that constitute bona fide hedging transactions; impose responsibilities
on designated contract markets ( DCMs ) and swap execution facilities ( SEFs ) to establish position limits
or, in some cases, position accountability rules; and apply to both futures and swaps across four relevant venues: OTC, DCMs,
SEFs as well as non-U.S. located platforms. The CFTC s first attempt at finalizing the Position Limit Rules, in 2011, was
successfully challenged by market participants in 2012 and, since then, the CFTC has re-proposed them and solicited comments from
market participants multiple times.  

Until such time as the Position Limit
Rules are adopted, the regulatory architecture in effect prior to the adoption of the Position Limit Rules will govern transactions
in commodities and related derivatives (collectively,  Referenced Contracts ). Under that system, the CFTC enforces
federal limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges enforce position limits
and accountability levels for agricultural and certain energy products (e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, UNG may be limited
with respect to the size of its investments in any commodities subject to these limits. Finally, subject to certain narrow exceptions,
the Position Limit Rules require the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in the 28 Referenced Contracts
held by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such position existed on U.S. futures exchanges, non-U.S. futures
exchanges, in cleared swaps or in OTC swaps. Under the CFTC s existing position limits requirements and the Position Limit
Rules, a market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which that participant controls the trading decisions
with all positions for which that participant has a 10 percent or greater ownership interest in an account or position, as well
as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding. At this time, it
is unclear how the Position Limit Rules may affect UNG, but the effect may be substantial and adverse. By way of example, the
Position Limit Rules may negatively impact the ability of UNG to meet its investment objectives through limits that may inhibit
USCF s ability to sell additional Creation Baskets of UNG. 

Swap  Transactions   

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) imposes regulatory requirements on certain  swap  transactions
that UNG is authorized to engage in that may ultimately impact the ability of UNG to meet its investment objective. The term  swap 
is broadly defined to include various types of OTC derivatives, including swaps and options. 

CFTC regulations require that certain
transactions ultimately falling within the definition of  swap  be executed on organized exchanges or  swap
execution facilities  and cleared through regulated clearing organizations ( CCPs ).  Clearing 
refers to the process by which a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a CCP, via a clearing member
( i.e. , an  FCM ), and replaced by two mirror swaps, with the CCP becoming the counterparty to both of the initial
parties to the swap. CCPs have several layers of protection against default including margin, member capital contributions and
FCM guarantees of their customers  transactions with the CCP. FCMs also pre-qualify the counterparties to all swaps that
are sent to the CCP from a credit perspective, setting limits for each counterparty and collecting initial and variation margin
daily from each counterparty for changes in the value of cleared swaps. The margin collected from both parties to the swap protects
against credit risk in the event a counterparty defaults. The initial and variation margin requirements are set by and held for
the benefit of the CCP. Additional initial margin may be required and held by the FCM. 

Current rules and regulations require
enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer
disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants
that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks
of futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust
manner, the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination
programs of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Certain index-based credit default swaps
and interest rate swaps are subject to mandatory clearing. If UNG enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate
swaps that are subject to mandatory clearing, UNG will be required to centrally clear those swaps. 

To the extent that a swap is required
to be cleared, it must also be executed on a SEF or DCM if it is designated as  made available to trade  by a SEF
or DCM.  Made available to trade  refers to the regulatory process by which the SEF or DCM execution requirement is
implemented by the CFTC. To date, only certain of the index-based credit default swaps and interest rate swaps that are required
to be cleared are made available to trade on a SEF. If UNG enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps
that are subject to mandatory clearing, UNG will be required to execute those swaps on a SEF if they are designated as made available
to trade. In order to execute swaps on a SEF, UNG will have to be a member of a SEF or it may access the SEF through an intermediary.
Members of a SEF are subject to additional requirements under CFTC regulations and are subject to the rules and jurisdiction of
the relevant SEF.  

Swaps that are not required to be cleared
and executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations,
including, among others, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading
documentation requirements and dispute resolution requirements. In addition, U.S. regulators are in the process of adopting rules
to impose initial and variation margin requirements that will apply to swap dealers and major swap participants and their counterparties.
If UNG engages in non-cleared swap transactions it may be subject to some or all of these requirements. 

In addition to the rules and regulations
imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act, swap dealers that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure Regulation
( EMIR ). EMIR imposes requirements on non-cleared derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the CFTC and other
regulators in the United States and which are described above. UNG may be indirectly impacted by EMIR to the extent that it engages
in derivatives transactions with entities that are subject to EMIR. 

On August 12, 2013, the CFTC issued final
rules establishing compliance obligations for commodity pool operators ( CPOs ) of investment companies registered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ) that are required to register
due to recent changes to CFTC Regulation 4.5. The final rules were issued in a CFTC release entitled  Harmonization of Compliance
Obligations for Registered Investment Companies Required to Register as Commodity Pool Operators.  Although UNG is not a
registered investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Harmonization Rules amended certain CFTC disclosure rules
to make the requirements for all CPOs to periodically update their disclosure documents consistent with those of the SEC. This
change decreased the burden on UNG and USCF of having to comply with certain inconsistent regulatory requirements. 

Money Market Reform   

The SEC adopted Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 on July 23, 2014, which goes effective on October 14, 2016, to reform money market funds ( MMFs ).
While the new rule applies only to MMFs, it may indirectly affect institutional investors such as UNG. The new rule requires institutional
prime MMFs to price their shares using market-based values instead of the amortized cost method (i.e., to use a  floating
net asset value per share  or  floating NAV ). Government and retail funds can continue to use the amortized
cost method to value their portfolio securities. Additionally, liquidity fees and gates allowing an MMF s board of directors
to directly address runs on a fund. MMFs  boards of directors are required to implement rules to discourage and prevent
runs by investors through the use of redemption fees and gates (temporary suspension of redemptions). The fees and gates could
be imposed on a fund whose portfolios fail to meet certain liquidity thresholds although they are optional for government MMFs.
UNG currently invests in government MMFs, as well as Treasuries with a maturity date of two years or less, as an investment for
assets not used for margin or collateral in the Futures Contracts. UNG does not hold any non-government MMFs and, currently, does
not anticipate investing in any non-government MMFs. The new rule further decreases the likelihood that UNG would invest in any
non-governmental MMFs. However, if UNG were to make investments in non-government MMFs in the future, such investments could negatively
impact UNG because of the changes to MMFs resulting from the new rule. 

Price Movements  

Natural gas futures prices were volatile
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The price of the Benchmark Futures Contract started the period at $2.337 per
million British thermal shares ( MMBtu ). The high of the period was on September 21, 2016, when the price reached
$3.132 per MMBtu. The low of the period was March 3, 2016, when the price dropped to $1.639 per MMBtu. The period ended with the
Benchmark Futures Contract at $2.906 per MMBtu, an increase of approximately 24.35% over the period. UNG s per share NAV
began the period at $8.69 and ended the period at $8.33 on September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately (4.14)% over the period.
UNG s per share NAV reached its high for the period on January 8, 2016 at $9.19 and reached its low for the period on March
3, 2016 at $5.81. The Benchmark Futures Contract prices listed above began with the February 2016 contracts and ended with the
November 2016 Contracts. The increase of approximately 24.35% on the Benchmark Futures Contract listed above is a hypothetical
return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor holding Natural Gas Futures Contracts. An investment in Natural
Gas Futures Contracts would need to be rolled forward during the time period described in order to simulate such a result. Furthermore,
the change in the nominal price of these differing Natural Gas Futures Contracts, measured from the start of the period to the
end of the period, does not represent the actual benchmark results that UNG seeks to track, which are more fully described below
in the section titled   Tracking UNG s Benchmark.   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the natural gas futures market was primarily in a state of contango. During periods of contango, the price of the near
month natural gas Futures Contract was typically lower than the price of the next month natural gas Futures Contract, or contracts
further away from expiration. On days when the market was in backwardation, the price of the near month natural gas Futures Contract
was typically higher than the price of the next month natural gas Futures Contract, or contracts further away from expiration.
For a discussion of the impact of contango and backwardation on total returns, see   Term Structure of Natural Gas Futures
Prices and the Impact on Total Returns   below. 

Valuation of Futures Contracts and
the Computation of the Per Share NAV  

The per share NAV of UNG s shares
is calculated once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m.
New York time. Trading during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. UNG s
administrator uses the NYMEX closing price (determined at the earlier of the close of the NYMEX or 2:30 p.m. New York time)
for the contracts held on the NYMEX, but calculates or determines the value of all other UNG investments, including, if any, cleared
swaps or other futures contracts, as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca or 4:00 p.m. New York time. 

Results of Operations and the Natural
Gas Market  

Results of Operations . On
April 18, 2007, UNG listed its shares on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX ) under the ticker symbol  UNG. 
On that day, UNG established its initial offering price at $50.00 per share and issued 200,000 shares to the initial authorized
purchaser in exchange for $10,000,000 in cash. As a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, UNG s shares
ceased trading on the AMEX and commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. 

Since its initial offering of 30,000,000
shares, UNG has registered six subsequent offerings of its shares: 50,000,000 shares which were registered with the SEC on
November 21, 2007, 100,000,000 shares which were registered with the SEC on August 28, 2008, 300,000,000 shares which
were registered with the SEC on May 6, 2009, 1,000,000,000 shares were registered with the SEC on August 12, 2009, 200,000,000
shares were registered on March 12, 2014 and 200,000,000 shares were registered on April 28, 2015. Shares offered by UNG in the
subsequent offerings were sold by it for cash at the shares  per share NAV as described in the applicable prospectus. On
March 8, 2011, after the close of trading on the NYSE Arca, UNG effected a 2-for-1 reverse share split and post-split shares
of UNG began trading on March 9, 2011. As a result of the reverse share split, every two pre-split shares of UNG were automatically
exchanged for one post-split share. Immediately prior to the reverse share split, there were 447,200,000 shares of UNG issued
and outstanding, representing a per share NAV of $5.16. Immediately after the reverse share split, the number of issued and outstanding
shares of UNG decreased to 223,600,000, not accounting for fractional shares, and the per share NAV increased to $10.31. On February 21,
2012, after the close of trading on the NYSE Arca, UNG effected a 4-for-1 reverse share split and post-split shares of UNG began
trading on February 22, 2012. As a result of the reverse share split, every four pre-split shares of UNG were automatically
exchanged for one post-split share. Immediately prior to the reverse share split, there were 174,297,828 shares of UNG issued
and outstanding, representing a per share NAV of $5.51. Immediately after the reverse share split, the number of issued and outstanding
shares of UNG decreased to 43,574,457, not accounting for fractional shares, and the per share NAV increased to $22.04. As of
September 30, 2016, UNG had issued 1,657,700,000 shares, 68,866,476 of which were outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, there
were 222,300,000 shares registered but not yet issued. 

More shares may have been issued by UNG
than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. Unlike funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, shares that have been redeemed by UNG cannot be resold by UNG. As a result, UNG contemplates that additional
offerings of its shares will be registered with the SEC in the future in anticipation of additional issuances and redemptions. 

As of September 30, 2016, UNG had the
following authorized purchasers: ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citadel Securities
LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs   Company,
Goldman Sachs Execution   Clearing LP, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley
  Company LLC., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial
BD LLC. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 Compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses . UNG s
expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the
fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The
management fee that UNG pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of UNG. The fee is accrued daily
and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by UNG, including cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by UNG as a percentage of average
total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The decrease in total fees and expenses
excluding management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
was primarily due to a decrease in tax and reporting costs. 

The decrease in the total commissions
accrued to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was
a result of UNG s smaller size in terms of average net assets. 

For the Three Months ended September
30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses . UNG s
expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the
fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The
management fee that UNG pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of UNG. The fee is accrued daily
and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by UNG, including cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by UNG as a percentage of average
total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30,
2015. 

The decrease in total fees and expenses
excluding management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015,
was primarily due to a decrease in tax and reporting costs. 

The decrease in the total commissions
accrued to brokers for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, was
a result of UNG s smaller size in terms of average net assets. 

Tracking UNG s Benchmark  

USCF seeks to manage UNG s portfolio
such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the daily changes in the average price
of the Benchmark Futures Contract, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio such that over
any rolling period of 30-valuation days, the average daily change in UNG s per share NAV is within a range of 90% to 110%
(0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. As an example, if the average daily movement
of the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract for a particular 30-valuation day time period was 0.50% per day, USCF would
attempt to manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the per share NAV during that same time period fell between
0.45% and 0.55% (i.e .,  between 0.9 and 1.1 of the benchmark s results). UNG s portfolio management goals do
not include trying to make the nominal price of UNG s per share NAV equal to the nominal price of the current Benchmark
Futures Contract or the spot price for natural gas. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve
such an investment goal when investing in Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments. 

For the 30-valuation days ended September
30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Futures Contract was 0.170%, while the simple average daily change
in the per share NAV of UNG over the same time period was 0.167%. The average daily difference was (0.003)% (or (0.3) basis
points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the Benchmark Futures Contract, the
average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (0.269)%, meaning that over this time period UNG s tracking error
was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. 

Since the commencement of the offering
of UNG s shares to the public on April 18, 2007 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Futures
Contract was (0.120)%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of UNG over the same time period was (0.123)%.
The average daily difference was (0.003)% (or (0.3) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of
the daily movement of the Benchmark Futures Contract, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (0.462)%
meaning that over this time period UNG s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark
tracking goal. The following two graphs demonstrate the correlation between the changes in UNG s NAV and the changes in
the Benchmark Futures Contract. The first graph exhibits the daily changes for the last 30 valuation days ended September 30,
2016. The second graph measures monthly changes since June 30, 2011 through September 30, 2016. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

*PAST PERFORMANCE
IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of
the return performance of UNG versus the return of its Benchmark Futures Contract can be calculated by comparing the actual return
of UNG, measured by changes in its NAV, versus the expected changes in its per share NAV under the assumption that UNG s
returns had been exactly the same as the daily changes in its Benchmark Futures Contract. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the actual total return of UNG as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (4.14)%. This is based on an initial per
share NAV of $8.69 as of December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $8.33. During this time
period, UNG made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if UNG s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead
exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contract, UNG would have had an estimated per share
NAV of $8.39 as of September 30, 2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of (3.45)%. The difference between the
actual per share NAV total return of UNG of (4.14)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Futures Contract of (3.45)%
was an error over the time period of (0.69)%, which is to say that UNG s actual total return underperformed the benchmark
result by that percentage. UNG incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying
and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share
NAV of UNG to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

By comparison, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the actual total return of UNG as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (20.71)% This was based on
an initial per share NAV of $14.63 as of December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $11.60.
During this time period, UNG made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if UNG s daily changes in its per share
NAV had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contract, UNG would have had an
estimated per share NAV of $11.72 as of September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (19.89)%. The
difference between the actual per share NAV total return of UNG of (20.71)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark
Futures Contract of (19.89)% was an error over the time period of (0.82)%, which is to say that UNG s actual total return
underperformed the benchmark result by that percentage. UNG incurred expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage
commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tended to cause
daily changes in the per share NAV of UNG to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract.  

There are currently three factors that
have impacted or are most likely to impact UNG s ability to accurately track its Benchmark Futures Contract. 

First, UNG may buy or sell its holdings
in the then current Benchmark Futures Contract at a price other than the closing settlement price of that contract on the day
during which UNG executes the trade. In that case, UNG may pay a price that is higher, or lower, than that of the Benchmark Futures
Contract, which could cause the changes in the daily per share NAV of UNG to either be too high or too low relative to the
daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF attempted to minimize the
effect of these transactions by seeking to execute its purchase or sale of the Benchmark Futures Contract at, or as close as possible
to, the end of the day settlement price. However, it may not always be possible for UNG to obtain the closing settlement price
and there is no assurance that failure to obtain the closing settlement price in the future will not adversely impact UNG s
attempt to track the Benchmark Futures Contract over time. 

Second, UNG incurs expenses primarily
composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The
impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of UNG to track slightly lower than daily changes in
the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. At the same time, UNG earns dividend and interest income on its cash, cash equivalents
and Treasuries. UNG is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and did not make any distributions
to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest payments, and any other income, were retained within
the portfolio and added to UNG s NAV. When this income exceeds the level of UNG s expenses for its management fee,
brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees, licensing fees and the fees and expenses of
the independent directors of USCF), UNG will realize a net yield that will tend to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of
UNG to track slightly higher than daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. If short-term interest rates rise above the
current levels, the level of deviation created by the yield would decrease. Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline,
the amount of error created by the yield would increase. When short-term yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses
of the management fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause
the daily returns of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns of the Benchmark Futures Contract. USCF anticipates that
interest rates will continue to remain at historical lows and, therefore, it is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by UNG
will continue to be higher than interest earned by UNG. As such, USCF anticipates that UNG will continue to underperform its benchmark
until such a time when interest earned at least equals or exceeds the fees and expenses paid by UNG. 

Third, UNG may hold Other Natural
Gas-Related Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Benchmark Futures Contract s total return movements.
In that case, the error in tracking the Benchmark Futures Contract could result in daily changes in the per share NAV of
UNG that are either too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. During the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016, UNG did not hold any Other Natural Gas-Related Investments. UNG also held investments in natural
gas futures contracts traded on the ICE Futures US whose settlement price also tracks the settlement price of the Benchmark Futures
Contract. 

Finally, due to potential regulatory limitations,
UNG may determine to hold greater amounts of cash and cash equivalents and lesser amounts of Natural Gas Interests, if it determines
that will most appropriately satisfy UNG s investment objective. Holding more cash and cash equivalents and less Natural
Gas Interests for some period of time may result in increased tracking error. There are additional Other Natural Gas-Related Investments
that UNG is permitted to invest in whose price movements may not track the settlement price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

Term Structure of Natural Gas Futures
Prices and the Impact on Total Returns . Several factors determine the total return from investing in a futures contract position.
One factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month futures contracts and  rolling 
those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract and the next month contract.
For example, if the price of the near month contract is higher than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  backwardation 
in the futures market), then absent any other change there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to rise in value
as it becomes the near month contract and approaches expiration. Conversely, if the price of a near month contract is lower than
the next month contract (a situation referred to as  contango  in the futures market), then absent any other change
there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to decline in value as it becomes the near month contract and approaches
expiration. 

As an example, assume that the price of
natural gas for immediate delivery (the  spot  price), was $7 per MMBtu, and the value of a position in the near month
futures contract was also $7. Over time, the price of 10,000 MMBtu of natural gas will fluctuate based on a number of market
factors, including demand for natural gas relative to its supply. The value of the near month contract will likewise fluctuate in
reaction to a number of market factors. If investors seek to maintain their position in a near month contract and not take delivery
of the natural gas, every month they must sell their current near month contract as it approaches expiration and invest in the
next month contract. 

If the futures market is in backwardation,
 e.g. , when the expected price of natural gas in the future would be less, the investor would be buying a next month contract
for a lower price than the current near month contract. Using the $7 per MMBtu price above to represent the front month price,
the price of the next month contract could be $6.86 per barrel, that is, 2% cheaper than the front month contract. Hypothetically,
and assuming no other changes to either prevailing natural gas prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near
month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash
equivalents), the value of the $6.86 next month contract would rise as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month
contract with a price of $7. In this example, the value of an investment in the second month contract would tend to rise faster
than the spot price of natural gas, or fall slower. As a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the
spot price of natural gas to have risen 10% after some period of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures
contract would have risen 12%, assuming backwardation is large enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price
of natural gas could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the futures contract could have fallen only 8%. Over
time, if backwardation remained constant, the difference would continue to increase. 

If the futures market is in contango,
the investor would be buying a next month contract for a higher price than the current near month contract. Using again the
$7 per MMBtu price above to represent the front month price, the price of the next month contract could be $7.14 per barrel, that
is, 2% more expensive than the front month contract. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to either prevailing natural
gas prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring
the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents), the value of the next month contract would
fall as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract with a price of $7. In this example, it would mean that
the value of an investment in the second month would tend to rise slower than the spot price of natural gas, or fall faster. As
a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of natural gas to have risen 10% after some
period of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract will have risen only 8%, assuming contango
is large enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of natural gas could have fallen 10% while the value
of an investment in the second month futures contract could have fallen 12%. Over time, if contango remained constant, the difference
would continue to increase. 

The chart below compares the price of
the near month contract to the average price of the near 12 month contracts over the last 10 years for natural gas. When the price
of the near month contract is higher than the average price of the near 12 month contracts, the market would be described as being
in backwardation. When the price of the near month contract is lower than the average price of the near 12 month contracts, the
market would be described as being in contango. Although the prices of the near month contract and the average price of the near
12 month contracts do tend to move up or down together, it can be seen that at times the near month prices are clearly higher
than the average price of the near 12 month contracts (backwardation), and other times they are below the average price of the
near 12 month contracts (contango). In addition, investors can observe that natural gas prices, both front month and the average
of the near 12 months, often display a seasonal pattern in which the price of natural gas tends to rise in the early winter months
and decline in the summer months. This mirrors the physical demand for natural gas, which typically peaks in the winter. 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative way to view backwardation
and contango data over time is to subtract the dollar price of the near month natural gas Futures Contract from the dollar
price of the near 12 month Natural Gas Futures Contracts. If the resulting number is a positive number, then the near month price
is higher than the average price of the near 12 months and the market could be described as being in backwardation. If the
resulting number is a negative number, then the near month price is lower than the average price of the near 12 months and the
market could be described as being in contango. The chart below shows the results from subtracting the average dollar price of
the near 12 month contracts from the near month price for the 10 year period between September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016.
Investors will note that the natural gas market spent time in both backwardation and contango. Investors will further note
that the markets display a seasonal pattern that corresponds to the seasonal demand patterns for natural gas above. That is, in
many, but not all, cases the average price of the near 12 month contracts is higher than the near month during the approach to
the winter months as the price of natural gas for delivery in those winter months rises on expectations of demand. At the same
time, the price of the near month, when that month is just before the onset of winter, does not rise as far or as fast as the
average price of the near 12 month contracts whose delivery falls during the winter season. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE
IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS    

An investment in a portfolio that involved
owning only the near month contract would likely produce a different result than an investment in a portfolio that owned an equal
number of each of the near 12 months  worth of contracts. Generally speaking, when the natural gas futures market is in
backwardation, the near month only portfolio would tend to have a higher total return than the 12 month contract portfolio. Conversely,
if the natural gas futures market was in contango, the portfolio containing 12 months  worth of contracts would tend to
outperform the near month only portfolio. The chart below shows the annual results of owning a portfolio consisting of the near
month contract and a portfolio containing the near 12 months  worth of contracts. In addition, the chart shows the annual
change in the spot price of natural gas. In this example, each month, the near month only portfolio would sell the near month
contract at expiration and buy the next month out contract. The portfolio holding an equal number of the near 12 months 
worth of contracts would sell the near month contract at expiration and replace it with the contract that becomes the new twelfth
month contract. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE
MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT UNG WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE
PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.  

ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL
PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES
NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL
TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES
ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS
IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF
HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.  

As seen in the chart above, there have
been periods of both positive and negative annual total returns for both hypothetical portfolios over the last 10 years. In addition,
there have been periods during which the near month only approach had higher returns, and periods where the 12 month approach
had higher total returns. The above chart does not represent the performance history of UNG or any Related Public Fund. 

Historically, the natural gas futures markets
have experienced periods of contango and backwardation. Because natural gas demand is seasonal, it is possible for the price of Natural
Gas Futures Contracts for delivery within one or two months to rapidly move from backwardation into contango and back again within
a relatively short period of time of less than one year. While the investment objective of UNG is not to have the market price
of its shares match, dollar for dollar, changes in the spot price of natural gas, mild contango impacted the total return on an
investment in UNG shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 relative to a hypothetical direct investment in
natural gas. For example, an investment in UNG shares made on December 31, 2015 and held to September 30, 2016 decreased, based
upon the changes in the per share NAV for UNG shares on those days, by approximately (4.14)%, while the spot price of natural
gas for immediate delivery during the same period increased by approximately 24.35% (note: this comparison ignores the potential
costs associated with physically owning and storing natural gas, which could be substantial). By comparison, during the period
from December 31, 2014 to September 30, 2015, contango impacted the total return on an investment in UNG shares relative to a
hypothetical direct investment in natural gas. For example, an investment in UNG shares made on December 31, 2014 and held to
September 30, 2015 decreased, based upon the changes in the per share NAV for UNG shares on those days, by approximately 7.11
%, while the spot price of natural gas for immediate delivery during the same period decreased by approximately 1.97 % (note:
this comparison ignores the potential costs associated with physically owning and storing natural gas, which could be substantial).  

Periods of contango or backwardation do
not materially impact UNG s investment objective of having the daily percentage changes in its per share NAV track the daily
percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract since the impact of backwardation and contango tend to
equally impact the daily percentage changes in price of both UNG s shares and the Benchmark Futures Contract. It is
impossible to predict with any degree of certainty whether backwardation or contango will occur in the future. It is likely that
both conditions will occur during different periods and, because of the seasonal nature of natural gas demand, both may occur
within a single year s time. 

Natural Gas Market.  During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, natural gas prices in the United States were volatile and finished the period higher than
the beginning of the year. Prices were impacted by several factors. During the third quarter, seasonal demand was somewhat reduced
by warmer than normal weather in some parts of the country. Storage levels fell persistently in the first quarter before rising
in the second quarter according to normal season demand patterns, but remained elevated over prior year and 5-year average levels.
As of September 30, 2016, the amount of natural gas in storage stood at 3,680 billion cubic feet, which was approximately 5.9%
above the five-year average and 1.3% above 2015 levels. 

Natural Gas Price Movements in Comparison
to Other Energy Commodities and Investment Categories.  USCF believes that investors frequently measure the degree to which
prices or total returns of one investment or asset class move up or down in value in concert with another investment or asset
class. Statistically, such a measure is usually done by measuring the correlation of the price movements of the two different
investments or asset classes over some period of time. The correlation is scaled between 1 and -1, where 1 indicates that the
two investment options move up or down in price or value together, known as  positive correlation,  and -1 indicates
that they move in completely opposite directions, known as  negative correlation.  A correlation of 0 would mean that
the movements of the two are neither positively nor negatively correlated, known as  non-correlation.  That is, the
investment options sometimes move up and down together and other times move in opposite directions. 

For the ten-year time period between September
30, 2006 and September 30, 2016, the table below compares the monthly movements of natural gas prices versus the monthly movements
of the prices of several other energy commodities, such as crude oil, diesel-heating oil, and unleaded gasoline, as well as several
major non-commodity investment asset classes, such as large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds and global equities. It can
be seen that over this particular time period, the movement of natural gas on a monthly basis was neither strongly correlated
nor inversely correlated with the movements of large cap U.S. equities, global equities, crude oil, diesel-heating oil, or unleaded
gasoline, and uncorrelated with U.S. Government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

The table below covers a more recent,
but much shorter, range of dates than the above table. Over the one year period ended September 30, 2016, the movement of natural
gas remained neither strongly correlated nor inversely correlated with large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds, global
equities, crude oil, diesel-heating oil, and unleaded gasoline. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

Investors are cautioned that the historical
price relationships between natural gas and various other energy commodities, as well as other investment asset classes, as measured
by correlation may not be reliable predictors of future price movements and correlation results. The results pictured above would
have been different if a different range of dates had been selected. USCF believes that natural gas has historically not demonstrated
a strong correlation with equities or bonds over long periods of time. However, USCF also believes that in the future it is possible
that natural gas could have long-term correlation results that indicate prices of natural gas more closely track the movements
of equities or bonds. In addition, USCF believes that, when measured over time periods shorter than ten years, there will always
be some periods where the correlation of natural gas to equities and bonds will be either more strongly positively correlated
or more strongly negatively correlated than the long term historical results suggest. 

The correlations between natural gas,
crude oil, diesel-heating oil and gasoline are relevant because USCF endeavors to invest UNG s assets in Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments so that daily changes in percentage terms in UNG s per share NAV correlate
as closely as possible with daily changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. If certain other
fuel-based commodity futures contracts do not closely correlate with the natural gas Futures Contract, then their use could lead
to greater tracking error. As noted above, USCF also believes that the changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark
Futures Contract will closely correlate with changes in percentage terms in the spot price of natural gas. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Preparation of the condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. UNG s application
of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

USCF has evaluated the nature and types
of estimates that it makes in preparing UNG s condensed financial statements and related disclosures and has determined
that the valuation of its investments, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange
(such as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by UNG for its Natural
Gas Futures Contracts are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued based
on the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of these
derivative contracts prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, UNG estimates interest and dividend
income on a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to the actual
amount received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

UNG has not made, and does not anticipate
making, use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. UNG has met, and it is anticipated that UNG will continue
to meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds of the sale of its investments, or from the investments
in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. UNG s liquidity needs include: redeeming
shares, providing margin deposits for its existing Natural Gas Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and to the extent it invests in OTC swaps, posting collateral for its OTC swaps and payment of its expenses, summarized
below under  Contractual Obligations.   

UNG currently generates cash primarily
from: (i) the sale of baskets consisting of 100,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) and (ii) income earned on investments
in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents. UNG has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading in Natural Gas Interests.
UNG invests in Natural Gas Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged or unable to satisfy its current or
potential margin or collateral obligations with respect to its investments in Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural
Gas-Related Investments. A significant portion of UNG s NAV is held in cash and cash equivalents that are used as margin
and as collateral for its trading in Natural Gas Interests. The balance of the assets is held in UNG s account at its custodian
bank and in investments in Treasuries at the FCM. Income received from UNG s investments in money market funds and Treasuries
is paid to UNG. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNG s expenses exceeded the income UNG earned and the cash
earned from the sale of Creation Baskets and the redemption of Redemption Baskets. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, UNG used other assets to pay expenses, which could cause a decrease in UNG s NAV over time. To the extent expenses
exceed income, UNG s NAV will be negatively impacted. 

UNG s investments in Natural Gas
Interests may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons.
For example, most commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations
referred to as  daily limits.  During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once
the price of a futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can
neither be taken nor liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. In
addition, when UNG is invested in OTC swaps, those OTC swaps have very limited liquidity since they are negotiated agreements
that are not transferable by UNG except with the consent of its counterparty, and even if consent were granted, there may not
be an available transferee. If UNG invests in OTC swaps in the future, such market conditions or contractual limits could prevent
UNG from promptly liquidating its positions in Natural Gas Interests. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNG
did not own any OTC swaps. In addition during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UNG did not purchase or liquidate any
of its positions in futures contracts while daily limits were in effect; however, UNG cannot predict whether it may have
to purchase or liquidate positions in the future. 

Since the initial offering of shares,
UNG has been responsible for expenses relating to: (i) management fees, (ii) brokerage fees and commissions and
fees associated with its OTC swaps, (iii) licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, (iv) ongoing registration
expenses in connection with offers and sales of its shares subsequent to the initial offering, (v) other expenses, including
tax reporting costs, (vi) fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and (vii) other extraordinary expenses
not in the ordinary course of business, while USCF has been responsible for expenses relating to the fees of UNG s Marketing
Agent, Administrator and Custodian and registration expenses relating to the initial offering of shares. If USCF and UNG
are unsuccessful in raising sufficient funds to cover these respective expenses or in locating any other source of funding, UNG
will terminate and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Natural Gas Futures Contracts
and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments, such as forwards, involves UNG entering into contractual commitments to purchase
or sell natural gas at a specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed
UNG s future cash requirements since UNG intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, UNG is
generally only subject to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. UNG considers the  fair
value  of its derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with
UNG s commitments to purchase natural gas is limited to the aggregate market value of the contracts held. However, should
UNG enter into a contractual commitment to sell natural gas, it would be required to make delivery of the natural gas at the contract
price, repurchase the contract at prevailing prices or settle in cash. Since there are no limits on the future price of natural
gas, the market risk to UNG could be unlimited. 

UNG s exposure to market risk depends
on a number of factors, including the markets for natural gas, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates, the
liquidity of the Natural Gas Futures Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments markets and the relationships among the
contracts held by UNG. Drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to the loss of all or substantially all of an investor s
capital. 

Credit Risk  

When UNG enters into Natural Gas Futures
Contracts and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to
meet its obligations. The counterparty for the Natural Gas Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and on most other futures exchanges
is the clearinghouse associated with the particular exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted by the clearinghouse
in connection with cleared trades, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden
resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members and, therefore, this additional member support should significantly
reduce credit risk. UNG is not currently a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse
members but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty,
clearinghouse, or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to UNG in such circumstances.  

In the future, UNG may purchase OTC swaps,
see   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for a discussion of OTC swaps. 

USCF attempts to manage the credit
risk of UNG by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, UNG generally posts margin and/or holds liquid
assets that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Natural Gas Futures Contracts
and Other Natural Gas-Related Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing
and clearing trades only with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral or margin by such parties for the
benefit of UNG to limit its credit exposure. An FCM, when acting on behalf of UNG in accepting orders to purchase or sell Natural
Gas Futures Contracts on United States exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate
as belonging to UNG, all assets of UNG relating to domestic Natural Gas Futures Contracts trading. These FCMs are not allowed
to commingle UNG s assets with their other assets. In addition, the CFTC requires commodity brokers to hold in a secure
account UNG s assets related to foreign Natural Gas Futures Contracts trading and, in some cases, to cleared swaps executed
through the FCM. Similarly, under its current OTC agreements, UNG requires that collateral it posts or receives be posted with
its custodian and, under agreements among the custodian, UNG and its counterparties, such collateral is segregated. 

As of September 30, 2016, UNG held cash
deposits and investments in Treasuries and money market funds in the amount of $582,165,995 with the custodian and FCM. Some or
all of these amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should UNG s custodian or FCM,
as applicable, cease operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, UNG had no
loan guarantee, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal
course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service providers undertake in
performing services which are in the best interests of UNG. While UNG s exposure under these indemnification provisions
cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on UNG s financial position. 

European Sovereign Debt  

UNG had no direct exposure to European
sovereign debt as of September 30, 2016 and has no direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of the filing of this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

In order to meet its investment objective
and pay its contractual obligations described below, UNG requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must be in
blocks of 100,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  UNG has to date satisfied this obligation by paying from the
cash or cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number of shares being
redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations  

UNG s primary contractual obligations
are with USCF. In return for its services, USCF is entitled to a management fee calculated daily and paid monthly as a fixed percentage
of UNG s NAV, currently 0.60% for a NAV of $1 billion or less, and thereafter 0.50% for a NAV above $1 billion. 

USCF agreed to pay the start-up costs
associated with the formation of UNG, primarily its legal, accounting and other costs in connection with USCF s registration
with the CFTC as a CPO and the registration and listing of UNG and its shares with the SEC, FINRA and NYSE Arca (formerly,
AMEX), respectively. However, since UNG s initial offering of shares, offering costs incurred in connection with registering
and listing additional shares of UNG have been directly borne on an ongoing basis by UNG, and not by USCF. 

USCF pays the fees of the marketing
agent and the fees of BBH Co., as well as BBH Co. s fees for performing administrative services, including those
in connection with the preparation of UNG s condensed financial statements and its SEC, NFA and CFTC reports. USCF and UNG
have also entered into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX pursuant to which UNG and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO,
USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee to the NYMEX. UNG also pays the fees and expenses associated with its tax accounting
and reporting requirements.  

In addition to USCF s management
fee, UNG pays its brokerage fees (including fees to an FCM), OTC dealer spreads and up-front fees if it holds OTC swaps, any licensing
fees for the use of intellectual property, and, subsequent to the initial offering, registration and other fees paid to the SEC,
FINRA, or other regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, as well as legal, printing, accounting and
other expenses associated therewith, and extraordinary expenses. The latter are expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of
UNG s business, including expenses relating to the indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to
the extent permitted by law and under the LP Agreement, the bringing or defending of actions in law or in equity or otherwise
conducting litigation and incurring legal expenses and the settlement of claims and litigation. Commission payments to an FCM
are on a contract-by-contract, or round turn, basis. UNG also pays a portion of the fees and expenses of the independent directors
of USCF. See  Note 3  to the  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  in  Item 1  of this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount
of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as UNG s per share NAVs and trading levels
to meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed
upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of UNG s existence. Either
party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. 

As of September 30, 2016, UNG s
portfolio consisted of 14,731 Natural Gas Futures NG November 2016 Contracts traded on the NYMEX and 20,000 Natural Gas Futures
LD1 H November 2016 Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. For a list of UNG s current holdings, please see UNG s website
at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

OTC Contract Risk   

Currently, OTC transactions are subject to changing regulation.

UNG may purchase OTC contracts, such as
forward contracts or swap or spot contracts. Unlike most exchange-traded futures contracts, cleared swaps or exchange-traded options
on such futures, each party to an OTC swap bears the credit risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations
under its contract. 

UNG may enter into certain transactions
where an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract ( Exchange for Related Position  or  EFRP 
transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by UNG, the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one
or more baskets of UNG shares. These EFRP transactions may expose UNG to counterparty risk during the interim period between the
execution of the OTC component and the exchange for a corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the
EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. 

Swap transactions, like other financial
transactions, involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily
depend upon the terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination
of market risk, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 

Highly customized swap transactions in
particular may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience
substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related
market factor. 

In evaluating the risks and contractual
obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified
or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore,
it may not be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset UNG s obligations or its exposure to the risks associated
with a transaction prior to its scheduled termination date. 

To reduce the credit risk that arises
in connection with such contracts, UNG will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its
counterparty, if the counterparty is unable to meet its obligations to UNG due to the occurrence of a specified event, such as
the insolvency of the counterparty.  

USCF assesses or reviews, as appropriate,
the creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC swap pursuant to guidelines approved by USCF s
board of directors (the  Board ). Furthermore, USCF on behalf of UNG only enters into OTC swaps with counterparties
who are, or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated
by the SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether
or not regulated by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United
Kingdom unless otherwise approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed
periodically by USCF. UNG will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other credit support.
Even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions may leave a party
open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party s exposure on the transaction
in such situations. 

In general, valuing OTC derivatives is
less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared
swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated,
and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers
and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically are not contractually
obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent
value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. 

During the nine month reporting period
ended September 30, 2016, UNG limited its OTC activities to EFRP transactions. UNG did not engage in any OTC derivative transactions
on September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

UNG maintains, in conjunction with its
counterparties, collateral in the form of both cash and investments in Treasuries, depending on the specific arrangements with
each counterparty. UNG is required to post an independent amount based on a percentage of the initial notional amount of each
position at the inception of each OTC swap. In addition, between reset periods, UNG posts collateral for the benefit of its counterparties
that approximately corresponds to any unrealized loss that would be realized by UNG if the OTC swap were closed on any given valuation
date (i.e .,  variation margin). Likewise, UNG s counterparties post variation margin to UNG that approximately corresponds
to any unrealized gain that would be realized by UNG if the OTC swap were to be closed on any given valuation date. At each reset
date, UNG will make or receive settlement payments to or from its counterparties, and collateral posted by or for UNG will be
returned to the appropriate party to offset the settlement payment made. Collateral is held by an independent third party and
governed by tri-party agreements between UNG, its custodian, BBH Co, and each counterparty. 

UNG anticipates that the use of Other
Natural Gas-Related Investments together with its investments in Natural Gas Futures Contracts will produce price and total return
results that closely track the investment goals of UNG. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result in higher
transaction-related expenses than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Natural Gas Futures Contracts,
which may impact UNG s ability to successfully track the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

UNG maintains disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in UNG s periodic reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of USCF, including
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of UNG if UNG had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of UNG s disclosure controls
and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of UNG have been effective as of the end of
the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in UNG s internal
control over financial reporting during UNG s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, UNG s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part
II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
                          1.      Legal
                                         Proceedings.   

Not applicable.  

Item
                          1A.      Risk
                                         Factors.   

There have been no material changes to
the risk factors previously disclosed in UNG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed
on February 26, 2016. 

Item
                          2.      Unregistered
                                         Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

Not applicable. 

Item
                          3.      Defaults
                                         Upon Senior Securities.   

Not applicable. 

Item
                          4.      Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures.   

Not applicable. 

Item
                          5.      Other
                                         Information.   

Monthly Account Statements  

Pursuant to the requirement under Rule
4.22 under the Commodity Exchange Act, each month UNG publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement
of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current
report on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on UNG s website
at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item
                          6.      Exhibits.   

Listed below are the exhibits, which are
filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

(1)    Filed
                                         herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP
(Registrant)  

 By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its general partner 

By:  
     /s/ John P. Love 

John P. Love  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

Date:
    November 7, 2016  

By:   
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal financial and accounting officer)  

Date:
    November 7, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450966_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John P. Love, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Natural Gas Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:  
     /s/ John P. Love  

Name:  
      John P. Love   

Title:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Natural
        Gas Fund, LP   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450966_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Natural Gas Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:    
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Name:  
      Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Natural
        Gas Fund, LP   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450966_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Natural
Gas Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John P.
Love, the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby
certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:  
     /s/ John P. Love  

Name:  
      John P. Love   

Title:  
     
         President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Natural Gas Fund,
        LP   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450966_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Natural
Gas Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Stuart
P. Crumbaugh, the Chief Financial Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:  
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Name:  
      Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Natural
        Gas Fund, LP   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ung-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ung-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ung-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ung-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ung-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ung-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

