<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1368757_0001564590-16-029195_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5680968</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107486</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>272367</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1165175</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2048886</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1304388</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029195.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114140133
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029195
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GTJ REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368757
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-136110
		FILM NUMBER:		161993489

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 HEMPSTEAD AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST HEMPSTEAD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11552
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(516) 693-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 HEMPSTEAD AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST HEMPSTEAD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11552

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029195.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 ck0001368757-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

ck0001368757-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                        to                          
 Commission file number: 333-136110  
   
 GTJ REIT, INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

MARYLAND  
 
 20-5188065  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

60 Hempstead Avenue  
 West Hempstead, New York  
 11552  
 (Address of principal executive offices)  
 (Zip Code)  
 (516) 693-5500  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
 N/A  
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No       
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No       
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
     (Do not check if smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No        
   
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the last practicable date: 13,881,901 shares of common stock as of November 8, 2016.  

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
 Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 201  5  
 
 2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 201  5  
 
 5  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    
 
 6  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 20  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 26  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 26  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 27  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 27  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 27  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 27  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 27  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    
 
 27  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 30  

Signatures       
 
 32  

1 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (amounts in thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

2 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
   
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   
 4 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   
 5 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 September 30, 2016 
 (Unaudited)  
   
 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS:  
 GTJ REIT, Inc. (the  Company  or  GTJ REIT ) was incorporated on June 23, 2006, under Maryland General Corporation Law. The Company is focused on the acquisition, ownership, management, and operation of commercial real estate located in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware.  
 The Company elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under the REIT operating structure, the Company is permitted to deduct the dividends paid to its stockholders when determining its taxable income. Assuming dividends equal or exceed the Company s taxable income, the Company generally will not be required to pay federal corporate income taxes on such income.  
 On January 17, 2013, the Company closed on a transaction with Wu/Lighthouse Portfolio, LLC, in which a limited partnership (the  Operating Partnership ) owned and controlled by the Company, acquired all outstanding ownership interests of a portfolio consisting of 25 commercial properties located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, in exchange for 33.29% of the outstanding limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership. The outstanding limited partnership interest was increased to 33.78% due to post-closing adjustments. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination and accordingly the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. At September 30, 2016, subject to certain anti-dilutive and other provisions contained in the governing agreements, the limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership may be convertible in the aggregate, into approximately 2.0 million shares of the Company s common stock and approximately 5.1 million shares of Series B preferred stock.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Operating Partnership owned 47 properties consisting of approximately 5.6 million square feet of industrial and office space on 349 acres of land in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Delaware.  
 Prior to 2013, the Company operated a group of outdoor maintenance, shelter cleaning, and electrical contracting businesses, as well as a parking garage facility. During 2011, the Board voted to divest these operations which were sold in 2012 and 2013. Accordingly, the operations of these entities, including any impact of insurance claims associated with those entities, are reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:  
 Basis of Presentation:  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and include the financial statements of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries, and the Operating Partnership, as the Company makes all operating and financial decisions for (i.e., exercises control over) the Operating Partnership. All material intercompany transactions have been eliminated. The ownership interests of the other investors in the Operating Partnership are presented as non-controlling interests.  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information has been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted in accordance with such rules and regulations. The Company s management believes that the disclosures presented in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. In management s opinion, all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the reported periods have been included. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the Company s December 31, 2015, audited consolidated financial statements, as previously filed with the SEC on Form 10-K on March 29, 2016, and other public information.  
   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined that certain transactions involving the issuance of limited partnership interests of the Operating Partnership, should have resulted in a reallocation between the Operating Partnership s non-controlling interest ( OP NCI   )  and Additional Paid-in-Capital ( APIC") to reflect the difference between the fair  
 6 

value of the consideration received and the book value of the OP NCI attributable to limited partnership interests at the time of issuance ( the "Re  allocation   .)  During the three months en  ded September 30, 2016, the Company increased its APIC with an offsetting reduction to the OP NCI of approximately $24.8 million.  The Company concluded that the Re  allocation   adjustment is not meaningful to the Company's financial position for any of the p  rior years, and the quarterly periods in 2016, and as such this cumulative change was recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statement of Stockholders  Equity in the third quarter of 2016. The Re  allocation   had no impact on the previously-reported   Consolidated Balance Sheets, Statement of Operations, Stockholders  Equity or Cash Flows.   
 Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made in the financial statements in order to conform to the 2016 presentation.  
   
 Use of Estimates:  
 The preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. All of these estimates reflect management s best judgment about current economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these condensed consolidated financial statements. If such conditions persist longer or deteriorate further than expected, it is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates could change, which may result in impairments of certain assets. Significant estimates include the useful lives of long lived assets including property, equipment and intangible assets, impairment of assets, collectability of receivables, contingencies, and stock-based compensation.  
 Real Estate:  
 Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. All costs related to the improvement or replacement of real estate properties are capitalized. Additions, renovations, and improvements that enhance and/or extend the useful life of a property are also capitalized. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance, repairs, and improvements that do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred.  
 Upon the acquisition of real estate properties, the fair value of the real estate purchased is allocated to the acquired tangible assets (generally consisting of land, buildings and building improvements, and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (generally consisting of above-market and below-market leases and the origination value of in-place leases) in accordance with GAAP. We utilize methods similar to those used by independent appraisers in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities.  The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property  as-if-vacant.  In allocating purchase price to identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, the value of above-market and below-market leases is estimated based on the differences between contractual rentals and estimated market rents over the applicable lease term discounted back to the date of acquisition utilizing a discount rate adjusted for the credit risk associated with the respective tenants. Fixed-rate-renewal options have been included in the calculation of the fair value of acquired leases where applicable.  The aggregate value of in-place leases is measured based on the avoided costs associated with lack of revenue over a market oriented lease-up period, the avoided leasing commissions, and other avoided costs common in similar leasing transactions.  
 Mortgage notes payable assumed in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their fair value using current market interest rates for similar debt at the time of acquisitions. Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred. The capitalized above-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of rental revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to rental revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases. The value of in-place leases is based on the Company s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during expected lease-up periods, current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. The values of in-place leases are amortized over the remaining term of the respective leases. If a tenant terminates its lease prior to its contractual expiration date, any unamortized balance of the related intangible assets or liabilities is recorded as income or expense in the period. The total net impact to rental revenues due to the amortization of above and below-market leases was a net increase of approximately $0.4 million and $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 7 

As of Septem  ber 30, 2016, above-market and in-place leases of approximately $2.0 million and $13.1 million (net of accumulated amortization), respectively, are included in acquired lease intangible assets, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.   As of December 31, 2015, above-market and in-place leases of approximately $2.4 million and $13.6 million (net of accumulated amortization), respectively, are included in the acquired lease intangible assets, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated   balance sheets. As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, approximately $7.0 million and $6.8 million, respectively, (net of accumulated amortization) relating to below-market leases are included in acquired lease intangible liabilities, net in the   accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.   
 The following table presents the projected impact for the remainder of 2016, the next five years and thereafter related to the net increase to rental revenue from the amortization of the acquired above-market and below-market lease intangibles and the increase to amortization expense of the in-place lease intangibles for properties owned at September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

Depreciation and Amortization:  
 The Company uses the straight-line method for depreciation and amortization. Properties and property improvements are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, which range from 5 to 40 years. Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated over estimated useful lives that range from 5 to 10 years. Tenant improvements are amortized over the shorter of the remaining non-cancellable term of the related leases or their useful lives.  
 Asset Impairment:  
 Management reviews each real estate investment for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a real estate investment may not be recoverable. The review of recoverability is based on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows that are expected to result from the real estate investment s use and eventual disposition. Such cash flow analyses consider factors such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If an impairment event exists due to the projected inability to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value. Management is required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of its real estate holdings. These assessments could have a direct impact on net income, because an impairment loss is recognized in the period the assessment is made. Management has determined that there were no indicators of impairment relating to its long-lived assets at September 30, 2016.  
 Deferred Charges:  
 Deferred charges consist principally of leasing commissions, which are amortized over the life of the related tenant leases, and financing costs, which are amortized over the terms of the respective debt agreements. Deferred financing costs relating to the secured revolving credit facility and deferred leasing charges are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred financing costs related to mortgage notes payable are included as a reduction of mortgage notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets.  
 Reportable Segments:  
 The Company operates in one reportable segment, commercial real estate.  
 8 

Revenue Recognition:   
 Rental income includes the base rent that each tenant is required to pay in accordance with the terms of their respective leases reported on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. In order for management to determine, in its judgment, that the unbilled rent receivable applicable to each specific tenant is collectible, management reviews billed and unbilled rent receivables on a quarterly basis and takes into consideration the tenant s payment history and financial condition. Some of the leases provide for additional contingent rental revenue in the form of percentage rents and increases based on the consumer price index, subject to certain maximums and minimums.  
 Substantially all of the Company s properties are subject to long-term net leases under which the tenant is typically responsible to pay for their pro rata share of real estate taxes, insurance, and ordinary maintenance and repairs.  
 Property operating expense recoveries from tenants of common area maintenance, real estate, and other recoverable costs are recognized as revenues in the period that the related expenses are incurred.  
 Earnings Per Share Information:  
 The Company presents both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock, where such exercise or conversion would result in a lower per share amount. Restricted stock was included in the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share and stock option awards were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share because the option awards would have been antidilutive for the periods presented.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents:  
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.  
 Restricted Cash:  
 Restricted cash represents reserves used to pay real estate taxes, insurance, repairs, leasing costs and capital improvements. Additionally, the Company has a $1.0 million certificate of deposit as collateral for a Letter of Credit in connection with a performance guarantee to complete certain site improvements at 20 East Halsey Road in Parsippany, New Jersey.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had restricted cash in the amount of approximately $3.0 million and $3.8 million, respectively, which was included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 Fair Value Measurement:  
 The Company determines fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurement.  This standard defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures.  
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation techniques involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or market and the instruments  complexity.  
 Assets and liabilities disclosed at fair values are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Hierarchical levels, which are defined by ASC 820-10-35, are directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities. Determining which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment and the Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures each quarter.  
 Level 1    Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.   
 Level 2    Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.   
 9 

Level 3     V  aluations based on unobservable inputs reflecting management s own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.   
 Income Taxes:  
 The Company is organized and conducts its operations to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Company is generally not subject to federal income taxation on the portion of its distributable income that qualifies as REIT taxable income, to the extent that it distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders and complies with certain other requirements as defined.  
 The Company also participates in certain activities conducted by entities which elected to be treated as taxable subsidiaries under the Code. As such, the Company is subject to federal, state, and local taxes on the income from these activities.  
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method as required by the provisions of ASC 740-10-30. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are established based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.  
 ASC 740-10-65 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740-10-65, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740-10-65 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the Company had determined that no liabilities are required in connection with uncertain tax positions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s tax returns for the prior three years are subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service. Any interest and penalties would be expensed as incurred.  
 Concentrations of Credit Risk:  
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, which from time-to-time exceed the federal depository insurance coverage. Beginning January 1, 2013, all noninterest bearing transaction accounts deposited at an insured depository institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to the standard maximum deposit amount of $250,000. Management believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk due to the credit worthiness of the financial institutions.  
 Annual contractual rent of $9.5 million derived from five leases with the City of New York, represents approximately 24% of the Company s total 2016 contractual rental income.  
 Stock-Based Compensation:  
 The Company has a stock-based compensation plan, which is described below in Note 6. The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation,  which establishes accounting for stock-based awards exchanged for employee services. Under the provisions of ASC 718, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is expensed at the grant date (for the portion that vests immediately) or ratably over the respective vesting periods.  
 10 

New Accounting Pronouncements:  
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments are intended to reduce diversity in practice. The ASU contains additional guidance clarifying when an entity should separate cash receipts and cash payments and classify them into more than one class of cash flows (including when reasonable judgment is required to estimate and allocate cash flows) versus when an entity should classify the aggregate amount into one class of cash flows on the basis of predominance. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2017 and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of ASU 2016-15 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity should also recognize excess tax benefits, and assess the need for a valuation allowance, regardless of whether the benefits reduces taxes payable in the current period. Off balance sheet accounting for net operating losses stemming from excess tax benefits would no longer be required and instead such net operating losses would be recognized when they arise. Existing net operating losses that are currently tracked off balance sheet would be recognized, net of a valuation allowance if required, through an adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption.  ASU 2016-09 also requires excess tax benefits to be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of ASU 2016-09 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.  ASU 2016-07 requires an investor to initially apply the equity method of accounting from the date it qualifies for that method, such as the date the investor obtains significant influence over the operating and financial policies of an investee. It eliminates the previous requirement to retroactively adjust the investment and record a cumulative catch up for the periods that the investment had been held, but did not qualify for the equity method of accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the application of the equity method. The adoption of ASU 2016-07 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize at the commencement date, a lease liability, which is the lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease and measure it on a discounted basis. A lessee must recognize an asset when it represents a lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurements of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  ASU 2016-01 is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments, except for those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. ASU 2016-01 requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or accompanying notes to the financial statements.  The new guidance eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. Under ASU 2016-01, a reporting company will be required to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those fiscal periods beginning December 15, 2017.  The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.   
 11 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments.  ASU 2015-16 requires adjustments to pr  ovisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effe  cts as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the curre  nt period, including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.   ASU 2015-16 i  s effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.   
 In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements.  ASU 2015-15 clarifies that an entity can defer and present debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset that can subsequently be amortized ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. ASU 2015-15 is effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-15 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  ASU 2015-03 is intended to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by ASU 2015-03.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company s unamortized loan costs were netted against mortgage notes payable on its consolidated balance sheets.    
 In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  ASU 2015-02 amends the consolidation requirements in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810  Consolidation  and changes the required consolidation analysis.  The amendments in ASU No. 2015-02 affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. The amendments impact limited partnerships and legal entities, the evaluation of fees paid to a decision maker or service provider of a variable interest, the effect of fee arrangements on the primary beneficiary determination, the effect of related parties on the primary beneficiary determination, and certain investment funds.  ASU No. 2015-02 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    
 In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,  Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items.  ASU 2015-01 eliminates the concept of extraordinary items.  However, the presentation and disclosure requirements for items that are either unusual in nature of infrequent in occurrence remain and will be expanded to include items that are both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence. ASU 2015-01 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  The adoption of ASU 2015-01 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 During June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,  Accounting for Share-Based Payments when the Terms of an Award Profile That a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.  ASU 2014-12 provides explicit guidance on how to account for share-based payments that require a specific performance target to be achieved which may be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. ASU 2014-12 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. ASU 2014-12 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 During May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transaction methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements and has not yet determined the method by which the standard will be adopted in 2017.  
 12 

In April 20  14, the FASB issued 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  The amendments in ASU 2014-08 change   the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation and require new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. Only disposals representing a strategic shift in operat  ions should be presented as discontinued operations. This accounting standards update is effective for annual filings beginning on or after December 15, 2014. The Company has restated certain prior period s results of operations to be in compliance with AS  U 2014-08.  The adoption of ASU 2014-08 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.   

3. REAL ESTATE:  
 On May 10, 2016, the Company acquired a 57,786 square foot warehouse/garage building in East New York, Brooklyn, New York for $10.0 million. The property is leased to The City of New York (DCAS) for the benefit of the Department of Sanitation for a term that expires December 31, 2025.  The purchase was financed from the Company s secured revolving credit facility.   
 On  June 1, 2016, the Company acquired a 208,656 square foot warehouse/distribution facility in Newark, Delaware for $17.0 million.  The property is leased to Valassis Communications, Inc. for a term that expires April 30, 2025.  The purchase was financed from the Company s secured revolving credit facility.  
 The acquired assets and liabilities associated with the East New York and Newark properties are based upon management s best available information at the time of the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements. However, the business acquisition accounting for these properties are not complete and accordingly, such estimates of the value of acquired assets and liabilities are provisional until the valuations are finalized. Therefore, the provisional measurements of fair value reflected are subject to change and such changes could be significant. The Company expects to finalize the valuations and complete the purchase price allocations as soon as practical, but no later than one year from the respective acquisition dates.  
 The following table presents the Company s allocation of the purchase prices of assets acquired and liabilities assumed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 :  

4. MORTGAGE NOTES PAYABLE:  
 The following table sets forth a summary of the Company s mortgage notes payable (in thousands):  

13 

Mortgage notes payable includes $0.1 million of premium on the debt assumed in connection with the acquisition of the Windsor Locks, CT property in April 2014. The premium is being amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the life of the underlying debt. 
 AIG Loan Agreement: 
 On February 20, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), the Company refinanced the current outstanding debt on certain properties and placed new financing on others by entering into a Loan Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with American General Life Insurance Company, the Variable Life Insurance Company, the United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York, American Home Assurance Company and Commerce and Industry Insurance Company.   
 The Loan Agreement provides a secured loan in the principal amount of $233.1 million (the  AIG Loan ). The AIG Loan is a 10-year term loan that requires interest only payments at the rate of 4.05% per annum. During the period from April 1, 2015, to February 1, 2025, payments of interest only will be payable in arrears with the entire principal balance plus any accrued and unpaid interest due and payable on March 1, 2025. The Company s obligation to pay the interest, principal and other amounts under the Loan Agreement are evidenced by the secured promissory notes executed on the Closing Date (the  Notes ). The Notes are secured by certain mortgages encumbering 28 properties in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Using the proceeds available under the AIG Loan, the Company repaid approximately $199.9 million of its outstanding indebtedness and fees including (i) $68.6 million to John Hancock Life Insurance Company, (ii) $56.0 million to Capital One, N.A., (iii) $50.2 million to Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, and (iv) $25.1 million to United States Life Insurance Company thereby paying off and terminating those obligations. The loss on the extinguishment of debt of $14.9 million includes approximately $15.7 million in prepayment premiums and other fees, less the write-off of prior loan costs.    
   
 Allstate Loan Agreement: 
   
 On March 13, 2015, in connection with the acquisition of six properties in Piscataway, NJ, the Company closed on a $39.1 million cross-collateralized mortgage (the  Allstate Loan ) from Allstate Life Insurance Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York and American Heritage Life Insurance Company. The Allstate Loan agreement provided a secured facility with a 10-year term loan. During the first three years of the term of the loan, it requires interest only payments at the rate of 4% per annum. Following this period until the loan matures on April 1, 2025, payments will be based on a 30-year amortization schedule.  
       
 The mortgage notes payable are collateralized by certain of the properties and require monthly interest payments until maturity and are generally non-recourse. Some of the loans also require amortization of principal. Scheduled principal repayments for the remainder of 2016, the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):  

5. SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY:  
 On December 2, 2015, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Keybank National Association and Keybanc Capital Markets Inc., as lead arranger (collectively,  Key Bank ). The Credit Agreement contemplated a $50.0 million revolving line of credit facility, with an initial term of two years, with a one-year extension option, subject to certain other customary conditions.  
 14 

Loans drawn down by the Company under the facility will need to specify, at the Company s option, whether they are Base Rate loans or LIBOR Rate loans. The Base Rate loans will bear a base rate of interest calc  ulated as the greater of: (a) the fluctuating annual rate of interest announced from time to time by the Lenders as their  prime rate,  (b) 0.5% above the rate announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland (or Federal Funds Effective Rate), or (c) LIB  OR plus 100 basis points (bps). The LIBOR Rate loans will bear at a rate of LIBOR rate plus 300 to 350 bps, depending upon the overall leverage of the properties. Each revolving credit loan under the facility will be evidenced by separate promissory note(s  ). The Company agreed to pay to Key Bank a facility unused fee in the amount calculated as 0.30% for usage less than 50% and 0.20% for usage 50% or greater, calculated as a per diem rate, multiplied by the excess of the total commitment over the outstandin  g principal amount of the loans under the facility at the time of the calculation. Key Bank has the right to reduce the amount of loan commitments under the facility provided, among other things, they give an advance written notice of such reductions and t  hat in no event the total commitment under the facility is less than $25.0 million. The Company may at its option convert any of the revolving credit loans into a revolving credit loan of another type which loan will then bear interest as a base rate loan   or a LIBOR rate loan, subject to certain conversion conditions. In addition, Key Bank also agreed to extend, from time to time, as the Company may request, upon an advance written notice, swing loans in the total amount not to exceed $5.0 million. Such loa  ns, if and when extended, will also be evidenced by separate promissory note(s).   
 Due to the revolving nature of the facility, amounts prepaid under the facility may be borrowed again. The Credit Agreement contemplates (i) mandatory prepayments by the Company of any borrowings under the facility in excess of the total allowable commitment, among other events, and (ii) optional prepayments, without any penalty or premium, in whole or in part, subject to payments of any amounts due associated with the prepayment of LIBOR rate contracts. 
 The Company s obligations under the facility are secured by a first priority lien and security interest to be held by the agents for Key Bank, in certain of the property, rights and interests of the Company, the Guarantors (as defined below)  their subsidiaries now existing and as may be acquired (collectively, the  Collateral ). GTJ REIT, Inc., GTJ GP, LLC, and each party to the Guaranty are collectively referred to as the  Guarantors.  The parties to the Credit Agreement also entered into several side agreements, including, the Joinder Agreements, the Assignment of Interests, the Acknowledgments, the Mortgages, the Guaranty, and other agreements and instruments to facilitate the transactions contemplated under the Credit Agreement. Such agreements contain terms and provisions that are customary for instruments of this nature. 
 The Company s continuing ability to borrow under the facility will be subject to its ongoing compliance with various affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, with respect to liquidity, minimum occupancy, total indebtedness and minimum net worth. The Credit Agreement contains events of default and remedies customary for loan transactions of this sort including, among others, those related to a default in the payment of principal or interest, a material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty, and a default with regard to performance of certain covenants. The Credit Agreement includes customary representations and warranties of the Company which must continue to be true and correct in all material respects as a condition to future draws. In addition, the Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default (in certain cases subject to customary cure), in the event of which, amounts outstanding under the facility may be accelerated. 
 The contemplated uses of proceeds under the Credit Agreement include, among others, repayment of indebtedness, funding of acquisitions, development and capital improvements, as well as working capital expenditures. Outstanding borrowings under the secured revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $27.8 million and $0, respectively.   

6. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY:  
 Common Stock:  
 The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $.0001 par value per share. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a total of 13,881,901 and 13,820,434 shares issued and outstanding, respectively.  
 Preferred Stock:  
 The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, $.0001 par value per share. Voting and other rights and preferences may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. In addition, the Company is authorized to issue 6,500,000 shares of Series B preferred stock, $.0001 par value per share. There are no voting rights associated with the Series B preferred stock. There was no preferred stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016, or December 31, 2015.  
 15 

Dividend Distributions:   
 The following table presents dividends declared by the Company on its common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

The total distributions paid in 2016 were the result of cash flows from operations.  
 Purchase of Securities: 
 The Company did not have a plan for the purchase of shares of its common stock. On February 8, 2016, the Operating Partnership purchased 227,043 shares of GTJ REIT, Inc. stock for approximately $1.2 million in connection with a settlement agreement with certain parties resolving litigation.     
 Stock Based Compensation:  
 The Company has a 2007 Incentive Award Plan (the  Plan ) that has intended purposes to further the growth, development, and financial success of the Company and to obtain and retain the services of those individuals considered essential to the long-term success of the Company. The Plan may provide for awards in the form of restricted shares, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded under the Plan is 1,000,000 shares. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 325,380 shares available for future issuance of awards under the Plan.  
 On March 21, 2013, the Company issued an aggregate of 50,002 restricted shares of common stock, with a value of approximately $320,000, under the Plan. A total of 3,126 of these shares, with a value of approximately $20,000 ($6.40 per share), were granted to non-management members of the Board of Directors, and vested immediately. The remaining 46,876 shares, with a value of approximately $300,000 ($6.40 per share), were granted to certain executives of the Company, and vest ratably over a four year period. One fourth of the shares vested on the grant date and the remaining shares vest in equal installments on the next three anniversary dates of the grant.  
 On June 6, 2013, the Company issued an aggregate of 9,378 restricted shares of common stock, with a value of approximately $60,000 ($6.40 per share), under the Plan. These shares were granted to non-management members of the Board of Directors and vested immediately.  
 On June 4, 2014, 44,704 restricted shares of common stock, with a value of approximately $304,000 (based upon an estimated value of $6.80) were granted to certain executives of the Company. One sixth of the shares vest immediately upon issuance and the remaining shares vest in equal installments on the next five anniversary dates of the grant.  
 On June 19, 2014, the Company issued an aggregate of 8,820 restricted shares of common stock with a value of approximately $60,000 (based upon an estimated value of $6.80 per share) under the Plan to non-managing members of the Board of Directors. The shares vested immediately upon issuance.  
 On March 26, 2015, the Company issued 43,010 restricted shares of common stock, with a value of approximately $400,000 (based upon an estimated value of $9.30) were granted to certain executives of the Company.  One sixth of the shares vest immediately upon issuance and the remaining shares vest in equal installments on the next five anniversary dates of the grant.  
 On June 19, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 16,436 restricted shares of common stock with a value of approximately $175,000 (based upon an estimated value of $10.65 per share) under the Plan to non-managing members of the Board of Directors. The shares vested immediately upon issuance.  
 On March 24, 2016, the Company issued 47,043 restricted shares of common stock, with a value of approximately $489,000 (based upon an estimated value of $10.40) were granted to certain executives of the Company.  One sixth of the shares vest immediately upon issuance and the remaining shares vest in equal installments on the next five anniversary dates of the grant. 
 16 

On Jun  e 9, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 14,424 restricted shares of common stock with a value of approximately $150,000 (based upon an estimated value of $10.40 per share) under the Plan to non-managing members of the Board of Directors. The shares v  ested immediately upon issuance.     
 Management has determined the value of a share of common stock to be $10.40 based on a valuation completed March 16, 2016 with the assistance of an independent third-party for the purpose of valuing shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to The Plan.  This value is not necessarily indicative of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s total stock compensation expense was approximately $457,000 and $464,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $527,000 of unamortized stock compensation related to restricted stock. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.8 years.  
 The following is a summary of restricted stock activity:  

The following is an amortization schedule of the total unamortized shares of restricted stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016:  

7. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE:  
 In accordance with ASC Topic 260  Earnings Per Share,  basic earnings per common share ( Basic EPS ) is computed by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share ( Diluted EPS ) is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents and convertible securities then outstanding. There were no common share equivalents for any of the periods presented in dilutive earnings per share.  
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except share and per share data):  

17 

8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:  
 Paul Cooper, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Louis Sheinker, the President, Secretary and Chief Operating Officer, each hold passive, minority interests in a real estate brokerage firm, The Rochlin Organization. The firm acted as the exclusive broker for one of the Company s properties.  In 2013, the firm introduced a new tenant to the property, resulting in the execution of a lease agreement and subsequent lease modification. The firm earned aggregate brokerage cash commissions of approximately $60,000 based on a total lease value of $1,015,000.  In January 2014, the new tenant expanded further which resulted in approximately $95,000 of brokerage commissions on the additional lease modification value of $2,100,000. In November 2015, the tenant concluded negotiations to expand an additional 35,000 square feet which resulted in approximately $12,000 of brokerage commissions on the additional lease modification value of $200,000.  
 The Company s executive and administrative offices, located at 60 Hempstead Avenue, West Hempstead, NY, are being leased from Lighthouse Sixty, L.P., a partnership of which Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker are managing members of the general partner. This lease agreement expires in 2020 and has a current annual base rent of $282,000 with aggregate lease payments totaling $1.8 million.  
 On December 11, 2013, the Company and Jerome Cooper, the former Chairman Emeritus, entered into a separation agreement. The agreement provides for the payment to Mr. Cooper of an aggregate of $360,000; payable in three equal annual installments of $120,000, commencing January 1, 2014. Mr. Cooper passed away on May 20, 2015. Under the terms of the separation agreement, Mr. Cooper s heirs received the balance of the payments on January 1, 2016.  
 On November 4, 2014, the Company invested $1.8 million for a limited partnership interest in Garden 1101 Stewart, L.P. ( Garden 1101 ). Garden 1101 was formed for the purpose of acquiring a 90,000 square foot office building in Garden City, NY that will be converted to a medical office building. The general partners of Garden 1101 include the members of Green Holland Ventures; Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker. The investment is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:  
 Legal Matters:  
 The Company is involved in lawsuits and other disputes which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, management believes that these matters will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  
 Letter of Credit:  
 On November 4, 2015, the Company posted a $957,708 Letter of Credit with Bank of America, N.A. in connection with a performance guarantee to complete certain site improvements at 20 East Halsey Road in Parsippany, New Jersey.  The Township of Parsippany-Troy Hills was the beneficiary. The term was for one year plus applicable extensions. On October 18, 2016, the beneficiary issued a resolution releasing the Letter of Credit as the site improvements were satisfactorily completed. The Letter of Credit was cancelled on October 31, 2016. 
 Divestiture:  
 The Company has a pension withdrawal liability relating to a previous divestiture. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the remaining liability was approximately $1.2 million and $1.3 million, respectively, and is included in other liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The liability is payable in monthly installments of approximately $8,100, including interest, over a twenty-year term ending in 2032.  
 Environmental Matters:   
 As of September 30, 2016, three of the Company s six former bus depot sites received final regulatory closure, satisfying outstanding clean-up obligations related to legacy site contamination issues. Three sites continue with on-going cleanup, monitoring and reporting activities. Each of the six sites remain in compliance with existing local, state and federal obligations.  

18 

10. FAIR VALUE:   
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  
 The fair value of the Company s financial instruments is determined based upon applicable accounting guidance. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The guidance requires disclosure of the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall, including measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active (Level 2), and significant valuation assumptions that are not readily observable in the market (Level 3).  
 The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, available-for-sale securities and secured revolving credit facility approximated their carrying value because of the short-term nature based on Level 1 inputs. The fair values of mortgage notes payable and pension withdrawal liability are based on borrowing rates available to the Company, which are Level 2 inputs. The following table summarizes the carrying values and the estimated fair values of the financial        instruments (in thousands):  

19 

I  tem 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 This report contains statements that we believe to be  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   expect,   intend,   estimate,   anticipate,   believe,   project,  or  continue,  or similar words or the negative thereof. From time to time, we also may provide oral or written forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report and in any public statements we make could be materially different from actual results. They can be affected by assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, we cannot provide any assurance with respect to these or any other forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Investors should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the potential risks and uncertainties set forth herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (and our subsequently filed public reports) as being exhaustive, and new factors may emerge that could affect our business. We assume no obligation, and disclaim any duty, to update the forward-looking statements in this report. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes appearing elsewhere in this filing and our previously filed annual audited financial statements .   
 Executive Summary:  
 GTJ REIT, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ( REIT ) which, as of September 30, 2016, owns and operates a total of 47 properties consisting of approximately 5.6 million square feet of primarily industrial properties on approximately 349 acres of land in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware. As of September 30, 2016, our properties were 96% leased to 64 tenants, with certain tenants having lease agreements in place at multiple locations.  
 We focus primarily on the acquisition, ownership, management and operation of commercial real estate. To the extent it is in the interests of our stockholders, we will seek to invest in a diversified portfolio of properties that will satisfy our primary investment objectives of providing our stockholders with stable cash flow, preservation of capital, income growth, and enhancing shareholder value without taking undue risk. We anticipate that the majority of properties we acquire will have both the potential for growth in value and the ability to provide cash distributions to stockholders.  
 Critical Accounting Policies:  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Please refer to the section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, entitled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  for a discussion of our critical accounting policies. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to these policies.  
 Recent Acquisitions: 
 East New York, Brooklyn, New York 
 On May 10, 2016, the Company acquired a 57,786 square foot warehouse/garage building in East New York, Brooklyn, New York for $10.0 million. The property is currently leased to The City of New York (DCAS) for the benefit of the Department of Sanitation for a term that expires December 31, 2025.  The purchase was financed from the Company s secured revolving credit facility with Key Bank.  
 Newark, Delaware 
 On June 1, 2016, the Company acquired a 208,656 square foot warehouse/distribution facility in Newark, Delaware for $17.0 million.  The property is currently leased to Valassis Communications, Inc. for a term that expires April 30, 2025. The purchase was financed from the Company s secured revolving credit facility with Key Bank.  
   
 20 

Financial Condition and Results of Operations:   
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands):  

Revenues  
 Revenues increased $0.4 million, or 3%, to $12.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $12.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of two income producing properties during the second quarter of 2016.  
 Operating Expenses  
 Operating expenses of $7.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.4 million, or 5%, from $6.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is mainly attributable to an increase in general and administrative expenses during the three month period.     
 Interest Expense  
 Interest expense increased $0.3 million or 9%, to $3.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of two properties during the second quarter of 2016 financed from the Company s secured revolving credit facility.     
 21 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands):  

Revenues  
 Revenues increased $1.4 million, or 4%, to $37.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $35.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to the full year ownership in 2016 of seven income producing properties acquired during the first quarter of 2015, as well as the acquisition of two income producing properties during the second quarter of 2016.    
 Operating Expenses  
 Operating expenses increased $0.1 million, or 1%, to $22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $22.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase in general and administrative expenses partially offset by lower acquisition costs in 2016 and a reduction to our property operating expenses.    
 Interest Expense  
 Interest expense increased $1.0 million or 10%, to $11.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to the debt service associated with seven property acquisitions during the first quarter of 2015, the AIG Loan financing, and the financing of two acquisitions in 2016 from the Company s secured revolving credit facility.    
 Loss from Extinguishment of Debt  
 Loss from extinguishment of debt of $14.9 million represents prepayment fees and the write-off of loan costs associated with the retirement of $127.6 million of the then outstanding principal balances of various loans in connection with the AIG Loan financing which closed in February 2015.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under existing leases on each of our properties. These revenues include fixed  base  rents and recoveries of certain property operating expenses that we have incurred and that we pass through to the individual tenants. 
 22 

Our primary cash expenses consist of property operating   expenses, which include real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, insurance, utilities, general and administrative expenses, which include compensation costs, office expenses, professional fees and other administrative expenses, leasing and acquisition   costs, which include third-party costs paid to brokers and consultants, and interest expense on our mortgage loans.  
 Our sources of liquidity and capital include cash flow from operations, cash and cash equivalents, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, refinancing existing mortgage loans, obtaining loans secured by our unencumbered properties, and property sales. 
 On December 2, 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Key Bank for a $50.0 million revolving credit facility with an initial term of two years, with a one-year extension option. Our available liquidity at September 30, 2016 was approximately $33.0 million, consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $10.8 million and $22.2 million from our Key Bank secured revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $27.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the secured revolving credit facility.    
 Net Cash Flows:  
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 Operating Activities  
 Net cash provided by operating activities was $12.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the 2016 period, cash provided by operating activities includes (i) income before depreciation, amortization, stock compensation and a loss from the Company s investment in a limited liability partnership of $13.6 million and (ii) an increase in other liabilities of $0.8 million partially offset by (iii) an increase of other assets of $1.1 million, (iv) a decrease to accounts payable and accrued expenses of $0.3 million and (v) an increase in rental income in excess of amounts billed of $0.4 million. Net cash provided by operating activities was $12.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  For the 2015 period, cash provided by operating activities included (i) a loss from continuing operations before depreciation, amortization and stock compensation of $1.8 million, (ii) an increase in rental income in excess of amount billed of $1.0 million and (iii) a decrease in other liabilities of $0.5 million offset by (iv) the loss from the early extinguishment of debt of $14.9 million, (v) a decrease in other assets of $0.8 million and (v) an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $0.3 million.  
 Investing Activities  
 Net cash used in investing activities was $35.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the 2016 period, cash used in investing activities resulted from (i) the acquisition of two properties for $27.0 million, (ii) property improvements of $5.1 million, and (iii) net contract deposits of $3.5 million, offset by (iv) the net release of leasing and capital reserves in connection with the AIG Loan of $0.5 million.  Net cash used in investing activities was $79.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and was attributable to (i) the acquisition of seven properties during the first quarter of 2015 totaling $76.2 million, (ii) property improvements of $1.6 million, and (iii) the funding of leasing and capital reserves in connection with the AIG Loan of $1.5 million.    
 Financing Activities  
 Net cash provided by financing activities was $18.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the 2016 period, cash provided by financing activities included proceeds from the Company s revolving credit line facility with Key Bank of $27.8 million offset by (ii) the payment of the Company s quarterly and 2015 supplemental dividends totaling $5.0 million, (ii) distributions to non-controlling interests of $2.7 million, (iii) the repurchase of shares of GTJ REIT, Inc. stock in connection with a settlement agreement for $1.2 million and (iv) the payment of mortgage principal of $0.7 million. Net cash provided by financing activities was $73.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  For the 2015 period, cash provided by financing activities included (i) $272.2 million in proceeds from mortgage notes payable, (ii) proceeds of $12.1 million from our then revolving credit facility with Capital One, N.A., and (iii) the return of our good faith deposit of $3.1 million in connection with the closing of our AIG Loan in February 2015, partially offset by (iv) the repayment of the outstanding principal balance and fees associated with the early extinguishment of debt of $143.4 million, (v) the repayment of our revolving credit facility with Capital One, N.A, of $55.9 million, (vi) loan costs of $6.6 million in connection with the Company s AIG and Allstate Loans, (vii) the payment of the Company s quarterly and 2014 supplemental dividends of $4.8 million, (viii) distributions to non-controlling interests of $2.6 million and (ix) the payment of mortgage principal of $0.9 million.  
 23 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)  
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Our EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA computation may not be comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reported by other companies that interpret the definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. Management believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to be meaningful measures of a REIT s performance because they are widely followed by industry analysts, lenders and investors and are used by management as measures of performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income as measures of our operating performance.  
 Adjusted EBITDA allows investors to measure our operating performance independent of our capital structure and indebtedness. Additionally, costs related to the extinguishment of debt and acquisition costs have been excluded from Adjusted EBITDA in order to assist with measuring core real estate operating performance.  
 The reconciliation of net income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA attributable to our stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, is as follows (in thousands). All amounts are net of noncontrolling interest.  

Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations  
 We consider Funds from Operations ( FFO ) and Adjusted Funds from Operations ( AFFO ), each of which are non-GAAP measures, to be additional measures of an equity REIT s operating performance. We report FFO in addition to our net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities. Management has adopted the definition suggested by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ) and defines FFO to mean net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of property, excluding asset impairments, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization. We believe these measurements provide a more complete understanding of our performance when compared year over year and better reflect the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and general and administrative expense which may not be immediately apparent from net income.  
 Management considers FFO a meaningful additional measure of operating performance because it primarily excludes the assumption that the value of our real estate assets diminishes predictably over time and industry analysts have accepted it as a performance measure. FFO is presented to assist investors in analyzing our performance. It is helpful because it excludes various items included in net income that are not indicative of operating performance, such as gains or losses from the sales of property and depreciation and amortization. Management believes Core FFO to be a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance because it provides information consistent with the Company s analysis of the operating performance of its portfolio by excluding items such as the extinguishment of debt and acquisition costs which affect the comparability of the Company s period over period performance and are not indicative of the results provided by our operating portfolio. Management believes AFFO to be a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance because it provides information consistent with the Company s analysis of its operating performance by excluding certain income and expense items such as straight-lined rent, amortization of lease intangibles, mark to market debt adjustments and financing costs which are not indicative of the results of our operating portfolio.   
 24 

However, FFO and Core FFO:   

do not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. Unlike FFO, Core FFO and AFFO generally reflect all cash effects of transactions and other events in the determination of net income;      

are non-GAAP financial measures and do not represent net income as defined by U.S. GAAP; and      

should not be considered alternatives to net income as indications of our performance.      

 FFO, Core FFO and AFFO may not be comparable to similarly titled items reported by other real estate investment trusts due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs.  
 The net income (loss) in accordance with GAAP to FFO, Core FFO and AFFO attributable to our stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (in thousands, except share data). All amounts are net of noncontrolling interest. 

Cash Payments for Financing  
 Payments of interest under our mortgage notes payable will consume a portion of our cash flow, reducing net income and consequently, the distributions to be made to our stockholders.  
 Trend in Financial Resources  
 We expect to receive additional rent payments over time due to scheduled increases in rent set forth in the leases on our properties. It should be noted, however, that the additional rent payments are expected to result in an approximately equal obligation to make additional distributions to stockholders, and will therefore not result in a material increase in working capital.  
 Divestiture  
 On February 16, 2012, we received a notice from the Joint Industry Board of the Electrical Industry claiming a pension withdrawal liability in the amount of $1.5 million in connection with the divestiture of Shelter Electric Maintenance Corp. The Company determined the liability was probable and the Company agreed to pay the obligation in monthly installments of approximately $8,100 over a twenty-year term. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining liability of this obligation was approximately $1.2 million and is included in other liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 Inflation  
 Low to moderate levels of inflation during the past several years have favorably impacted our operations by stabilizing operating expenses and borrowing costs. At the same time, low inflation has had the indirect effect of reducing our ability to increase tenant rents. However, our properties have tenants whose leases include expense reimbursements and other provisions to minimize the effect of inflation.  
 25 

I  tem 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 Market risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business strategies, the primary market risk which we are exposed to is interest rate risk. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a variable rate line of credit facility with Key Bank for $50.0 million that bears interest at (i) LIBOR plus 300 basis points to 350 basis points, depending upon the Company s leverage ratio as defined or, (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin as defined.  Interest expense on our variable rate line of credit facility would increase by as much as $500,000 annually if LIBOR increased by 100 basis points.  
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, management, under the direction of our Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. During our review we determined that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

26 

P  art II   Other Information   
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
 From time to time, the Company is involved in lawsuits and other disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. Our management is currently not aware of any legal matters or pending litigation that would have a significant effect, individually or in the aggregate, on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  
     Item 1A. Risk Factors  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to the risk factors that were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent public reports.  
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
 Except as previously reported in the Company's filings, the Company did not engage in any unregistered sales of equity securities during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 or repurchases of shares of its common stock. 
     Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
 None.  
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
 Not applicable.  
     Item 5. Other Information  
 Paul Cooper Employment Agreement 
  On November 8, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ), following review and recommendation of the Board s Compensation Committee, approved the Company s execution of the amended and restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Paul Cooper, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, which agreement was executed by the parties on the same date (the  CEO Employment Agreement ). The CEO Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of five years, from January 1, 2016 through and including December 31, 2020, and two successive automatic one year renewal terms, unless either party gives written notice to the other party of its desire to terminate the agreement. It also provides for the payment of an annual base salary to Mr. Cooper at the rate of $650,000, subject to annual increases at the discretion of the Company. Additionally, Mr. Cooper may earn a cash bonus of $450,000 per year and an equity bonus payable in shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at $200,000 per year, upon the achievement of certain benchmarks set forth in an annual budget approved by the Board, which amounts are subject to adjustments in the Board s review and discretion, as set forth in the agreement; such equity bonus vesting at a rate equal to 10% on each of the first ten anniversaries of the date of grant while Mr. Cooper is employed by the Company. Upon execution of the CEO Employment Agreement, the Company agreed to grant Mr. Cooper a stock option under the Company s 2007 Incentive Stock Option Plan or a successor plan (the  Equity Plan ), to acquire 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock as defined in the Equity Plan and will vest in its entirety on the 3 rd  anniversary of the grant date. Mr. Cooper will also be entitled to receive, for each fiscal year of his employment period with the Company, long term equity incentive awards in the form of restricted stock under the Equity Plan (provided that each such award is conditioned on the determination by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion that the attainment of the particular Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) target is sustainable) which award value will be equal to $2 million for each AFFO values of $1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50 per share, respectively. In addition, the CEO Employment Agreement provides that the Company will provide Mr. Cooper with certain usual and customary benefits commensurate with his position including without limitation, medical insurance, $5 million term life insurance, disability insurance, and participation in 401(k) plan. The CEO Employment Agreement also contains the following termination terms and provisions:  
     In the event that (i) Mr. Cooper terminates his employment with the Company without good reason or (ii) the Company terminates Mr. Cooper s employment for cause, the Company s obligations under the agreement will be reduced to paying his unpaid salary and reimbursable expenses owing to him prior to such termination (the  Accrued Obligations ), and  
     In the event that (i) Mr. Cooper terminates his employment with the Company for good reason, or (ii) Mr. Cooper terminates his employment with the Company during the 90-day period following a change of control of the Company, or (iii) the Company elects not to renew the CEO Employment Agreement after the expiration of the initial or renewal term and Mr. Cooper s employment   
 27 

is terminated by the Company wit  hout cause, then in each case the Company s termination obligations will include the payment of the Accrued Obligations, severance payments the amount of which depends on the circumstances of his departure, accelerated vesting of unvested equity bonus and   COBRA payments the lesser of the remainder of the term or three (3) years.   
 The severance payments referenced above will be calculated as follows: (a) if Mr. Cooper terminates his employment for good reason, the Company will pay him the lesser of (x) the salary he would have earned during the remainder of this term or three years of his then current salary,  plus  the lesser of (y) his bonus that he would have earned during the remainder of the term, assuming he met the bonus criteria. Further, if Mr. Cooper s employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iii) above at the end of his initial employment term and provided the Company achieves the Bonus Criteria, on an annual basis for each specified criteria during the Initial Term, as of the end of the 2020 Fiscal Year, then his severance payment would be equal to his then base salary and bonus (assuming achievement of the bonus criteria for such renewal term) he could have earned during the remainder of such renewal term. To the extent his employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iii) above at the end of his renewal employment term, then his severance payment would be equal to his then base salary he would have earned during the renewal term and bonus (assuming achievement of the bonus criteria for such renewal term) he could have earned during the remainder of such renewal term. The CEO Employment Agreement also contains certain confidentiality, non-solicitation/non-competition and other provisions customary for agreements of this nature. 
   
 Louis Sheinker Employment Agreement 
  On November 8, 2016, the Board also, following review and recommendation of the Board s Compensation Committee, approved the Company s execution of the amended and restated Employment Agreement with Louis Sheinker, the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer, also effective as of the same date (the  COO Employment Agreement ). This COO Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of five years, from January 1, 2016 through and including December 31, 2020, and two successive automatic one year renewal terms, unless either party gives written notice to the other party of its desire to terminate the agreement. It also provides for the payment to Mr. Sheinker of a base salary at the annual rate of $600,000, subject to annual increases at the discretion of the Company. Additionally, Mr. Sheinker may earn a cash bonus of $450,000 per year and an equity bonus payable in shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at $200,000 per year, upon the achievement of certain benchmarks set forth in an annual budget approved by the Board, which amounts are subject to adjustments in the Board s review and discretion, as set forth in the agreement; such equity bonus vesting at a rate equal to 10% on each of the first ten anniversaries of the date of grant while Mr. Sheinker is employed by the Company. Upon execution of the employment agreement, the Company agreed to grant Mr. Sheinker a stock option under the Equity Plan to acquire 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock as defined in the Equity Plan and will vest in its entirety on the 3 rd  anniversary of the grant date. Mr. Sheinker will also be entitled to receive, for each fiscal year of his employment period with the Company, long term equity incentive awards in the form of restricted stock under the Equity Plan (provided that each such award is conditioned on the determination by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion that the attainment of the particular Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) target is sustainable) which award value will be equal to $2 million for each AFFO values of $1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50 per share, respectively. In addition, the COO Employment Agreement provides that the Company will provide Mr. Sheinker with certain usual and customary benefits commensurate with his position including without limitation, medical insurance, $5 million term life insurance, disability insurance, and participation in 401(k) plan. The COO Employment Agreement also contains the following termination terms and provisions:  
     In the event that (i) Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment with the Company without good reason or (ii) the Company terminates Mr. Sheinker s employment for cause, the Company s obligations under the agreement will be reduced to paying his unpaid salary and reimbursable expenses owing to him prior to such termination (the  Accrued Obligations ),  
     In the event that (i) Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment with the Company for good reason, or (ii) Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment with the Company during the 90-day period following a change of control of the Company, or (iii) the Company elects not to renew his employment agreement after the expiration of the initial or renewal term and Mr. Sheinker s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, then in each case the Company s termination obligations will include the payment of the Accrued Obligations, severance payments the amount of which depends on the circumstances of his departure, accelerated vesting of unvested equity bonus and COBRA payments the lesser of the remainder of the term or three (3) years.   
 The severance payments referenced above will be calculated as follows: (a) if Mr. Sheinker s terminates his employment for good reason, the Company will pay him the lesser of (x) the salary he would have earned during the remainder of this term or three years of his then current salary,  plus  the lesser of (y) his bonus that he would have earned during the remainder of the term, assuming he met the bonus criteria. Further, if Mr. Sheinker s employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iii) above at the end of his initial employment term and provided the Company achieves the Bonus Criteria, on an annual basis for each specified criteria during the Initial Term, as of the end of the 2020 Fiscal Year, then his severance payment would be equal to his then base salary and bonus (assuming achievement of the bonus criteria for such renewal term) he could have earned during the remainder of such renewal term. To the extent his employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iii) above at the end of his renewal employment term, then his  
 28 

severance payment would be equal to his then base salary he would have earned during the renewal term and bonus (assuming achievement of the bonus criteria for such renewal term) he could have earned during the remain  der of such renewal term. The COO Employment Agreement also contains certain confidentiality, non-solicitation/non-competition and other provisions customary for agreements of this nature.  
   
 29 

I  tem 6. Exhibits   

30 

31 

S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

GTJ REIT, INC.  

Dated: November 14, 2016  
 
 /s/ Paul Cooper  

Paul Cooper  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated: November 14, 2016  
 
 /s/ Ben Zimmerman  

Ben Zimmerman 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

32  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ck0001368757-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

ck0001368757-ex311_8.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Paul Cooper, certify that:  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 /s/ Paul Cooper   

Paul Cooper  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ck0001368757-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

ck0001368757-ex312_7.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Ben Zimmerman, certify that:  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 /s/ Ben Zimmerman   

Ben Zimmerman 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ck0001368757-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

ck0001368757-ex321_9.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of GTJ REIT, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Periodic Report ), I, Paul Cooper, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.   
 
 the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

2.   
 
 the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

Dated: November 14, 2016  
 
 /s/ Paul Cooper  

Paul Cooper  

Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ck0001368757-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

ck0001368757-ex322_6.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2  
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of GTJ REIT, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Periodic Report ), I, Ben Zimmerman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.   
 
 the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

2.   
 
 the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

Dated: November 14, 2016  
 
 /s/ Ben Zimmerman   

Ben Zimmerman  

Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0001368757-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001368757-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0001368757-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001368757-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001368757-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001368757-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

