<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_106535_0000106535-16-000094_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17877215</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>199942</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>6792593</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5280011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3950924</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1309381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>101</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000106535-16-000094.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028161159
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000106535-16-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEYERHAEUSER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				910470860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04825
		FILM NUMBER:		161958717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 OCCIDENTAL AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-539-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 OCCIDENTAL AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000106535-16-000094.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 wy930201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
      __________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q    
      __________________________________________________ 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  
  or 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                      TO                
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-4825 
      __________________________________________________  
  WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 
      __________________________________________________  

(206) 539-3000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   __________________________________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      x    Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
  Large accelerated filer    x      Accelerated filer    o      Non-accelerated filer    o      Smaller reporting company    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    o    Yes      x    No 
  As of   October 21, 2016  ,   748,058,329   shares of the registrant s common stock ($1.25 par value) were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                   PART I 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
     1 
        
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
     2 
        
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  
     3 
        
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
     4 
        
     INDEX FOR NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     5 
        
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     6 
      ITEM 2. 
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ( MD A )  
     30 
      ITEM 3. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
     52 
      ITEM 4. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     53 

PART II 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
      
      ITEM 1. 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     53 
      ITEM 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS  
     53 
      ITEM 2. 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
     54 
      ITEM 3. 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    NA 
      ITEM 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    NA 
      ITEM 5. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
    NA 
      ITEM 6. 
     EXHIBITS  
     55 
        
     SIGNATURE  
     56 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

1 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    3 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  (UNAUDITED)    

  See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    4 

INDEX FOR NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
                   NOTE 1: 
     BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
     6 

NOTE 2: 
     BUSINESS SEGMENTS  
     8 

NOTE 3: 
     DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  
     10 

NOTE 4: 
     MERGER WITH PLUM CREEK  
     12 

NOTE 5: 
     NET EARNINGS PER SHARE AND SHARE REPURCHASES  
     14 

NOTE 6: 
     INVENTORIES  
     16 

NOTE 7: 
     RELATED PARTIES  
     16 

NOTE 8: 
     PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS  
     19 

NOTE 9: 
     ACCRUED LIABILITIES  
     20 

NOTE 10: 
     LONG-TERM DEBT AND LINES OF CREDIT  
     21 

NOTE 11: 
     FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
     22 

NOTE 12: 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
     23 

NOTE 13: 
     CUMULATIVE OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
     24 

NOTE 14: 
     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION  
     24 

NOTE 15: 
     CHARGES FOR INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING, CLOSURES AND ASSET IMPAIRMENTS  
     27 

NOTE 16: 
     OTHER OPERATING COSTS (INCOME), NET  
     28 

NOTE 17: 
     INCOME TAXES  
     28 

5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE QUARTERS AND YEAR-TO-DATE ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

NOTE 1:     BASIS OF PRESENTATION    
    
  We are a corporation that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT). We expect to derive most of our REIT income from investments in timberlands, including the sale of standing timber. As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal corporate level income taxes on REIT taxable income that is distributed to shareholders. We are required to pay corporate income taxes on earnings of our Taxable REIT Subsidiary (TRS), which includes our manufacturing businesses and the portion of our Timberlands and Real Estate and Energy   Natural Resources (Real Estate   ENR) segments' income included in the TRS. 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements provide an overall view of our results and financial condition. They include our accounts and the accounts of entities we control, including: 
             
    majority-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries,  
                
    the results of Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc. (Plum Creek), for the period from February 19, 2016 (the merger date), to   September 30, 2016   (see    Note 4: Merger with Plum Creek   ), and 
                
    variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary. 
       
  They do not include our intercompany transactions and accounts, which are eliminated. 
    
  We account for investments in and advances to unconsolidated equity affiliates using the equity method, with taxes provided on undistributed earnings. This means that we record earnings and accrue taxes in the period earnings are recognized by our unconsolidated equity affiliates. 
    
  Throughout these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, unless specified otherwise, references to  Weyerhaeuser,   we,   the company  and  our  refer to the consolidated company. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. Except as otherwise disclosed in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to interim financial statements; certain disclosures normally provided in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States have been omitted. These Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Results of operations for interim periods should not be regarded as necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. 
    
  RECLASSIFICATIONS 
    
  We have reclassified certain balances and results from the prior year to be consistent with our   2016   reporting. This makes year-to-year comparisons easier. Our reclassifications had no effect on consolidated net earnings or equity.  
    
  Our reclassifications present 1) our adoption of new accounting pronouncements and 2) the results of discontinued operations separately from results of continuing operations on our    Consolidated Statement of Operations   ,    Consolidated Balance Sheet    and in the related footnotes.    Note 3: Discontinued Operations    provides information about our discontinued operations. 
    
  As a result of the merger, we have revised our business segments. Results for fiscal periods prior to 2016 have been revised to conform to the new segments and to exclude discontinued operations.    Note 2: Business Segments    provides information about our revised business segments. 

6 

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which deferred the effective date for an additional year. In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-08, which does not change the core principle of the guidance; however, it does clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-10, which clarifies two aspects of ASU 2014-09: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. In May 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-12, which amends ASU 2014-09 to provide improvements and practical expedients to the new revenue recognition model. We plan to adopt these accounting standard updates on January 1, 2018, and have not yet determined whether we will use the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We anticipate that this standard will increase the volume of disclosures about our revenue transactions, but will not materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In April 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-03, which amends the presentation of debt issuance costs on the consolidated balance sheet. Under the new guidance, debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability rather than as an asset. The new guidance is effective retrospectively for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted on January 1, 2016, and have reclassified balances of debt issuance costs accordingly in our consolidated balance sheet and in related disclosures for all periods presented. 
    
  In May 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-07, which clarifies the presentation within the fair value hierarchy of certain investments held within our pension plan. The new guidance is effective retrospectively for fiscal periods starting after December 15, 2015. This new guidance removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share as a practical expedient and, instead, permits separate disclosure. Upon adoption these investments are presented separately from the fair value hierarchy and reconciled to total investments in our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We adopted on January 1, 2016. 
    
  In July 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-11, which simplifies the measurement of inventories valued under most methods, including our inventories valued under FIFO   the first-in, first-out   and moving average cost methods. Inventories valued under LIFO   the last-in, first-out method   are excluded. Under this new guidance, inventories valued under these methods would be valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with net realizable value defined as the estimated selling price less reasonable costs to sell the inventory. The new guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal periods starting after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We expect to adopt on January 1, 2017, and do not expect adoption to materially impact our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In September 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-16, which results in the ability to recognize, in current period earnings, any changes in provisional amounts during the measurement period after the closing of an acquisition, instead of restating prior periods for these changes. We adopted on January 1, 2016. Measurement period adjustments related to our merger with Plum Creek did not have a material impact to earnings or cash flows for the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 30, 2016.  
    
  In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases and requires both capital and operating leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. We expect to adopt on January 1, 2019, and are evaluating the impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09, which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, award classification, cash flows reporting, and forfeiture rate application. Specifically, the update requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement with a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The update allows excess tax benefits to be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows. When accruing compensation cost, an entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards expected to vest or to account for forfeitures as they occur with a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period  
  
    7 

of adoption. The update requires cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes to be classified as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows, applied retrospectively. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. As permitted, we elected to adopt early, and applied the different aspects as prescribed by the standard effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance represents a change in accounting policy and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Shares withheld by the employer for tax-withholding purposes for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , of   $11 million   were retrospectively reclassified from an operating activity to a financing activity in the    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   . 
    
  In August 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-15, which reduces diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. These transactions include: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investments, beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. We have adopted this update effective July 1, 2016, and our adoption did not materially impact our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
    
  In October 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-16, which requires immediate recognition of the income tax consequences upon intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. We expect to adopt this accounting standard update on January 1, 2017, and do not expect adoption to materially impact our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

NOTE 2:     BUSINESS SEGMENTS    
    
  Reportable business segments are determined based on the company s management approach. The management approach, as defined by FASB ASC 280,  Segment Reporting,  is based on the way the chief operating decision maker organizes the segments within a company for making decisions about resources to be allocated and assessing their performance.  
    
  During fiscal year 2016, the company s chief operating decision maker changed the information regularly reviewed for making decisions to allocate resources and assess performance. As a result, the company will report its financial performance based on three business segments: Timberlands, Real Estate   ENR, and Wood Products. Prior to revising our segment structure, activities related to the Real Estate   ENR business segment were reported as part of the Timberlands business segment. 
    
  Amounts for all periods presented have been reclassified throughout the consolidated financial statements and disclosures to conform to the new segment structure. 
    
  We are principally engaged in growing and harvesting timber, manufacturing, distributing, and selling products made from trees, as well as maximizing the value of every acre we own through the sale of higher and better use (HBU) properties and monetizing reserves of minerals, oil, gas, coal, and other natural resources on our timberlands. The following is a brief description of each of our reportable business segments and activities: 
             
    Timberlands   which includes logs, timber, and our Uruguay operations; 
                
    Real Estate   ENR   which includes sales of HBU and non-core timberlands, minerals, oil, gas, coal and other natural resources, and equity interests in our Real Estate Development Ventures (as defined and described in    Note 7: Related Parties   ); and 
                
    Wood Products   which includes softwood lumber, engineered wood products, oriented strand board, plywood, medium density fiberboard and building materials distribution. 
     Discontinued operations as presented herein consist of the operations of our former Cellulose Fibers segment, and relate to assets and liabilities that have been reclassified as discontinued operations on our balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . All periods presented have been revised to separate the results of discontinued operations  
  
    8 

from the results of our continuing operations  .   Refer to    Note 3: Discontinued Operations      for more information regarding our discontinued operations. 
    
  On October 12, 2016, we announced the exploration of strategic alternatives for our timberlands and manufacturing operations in Uruguay. We intend to consider a broad range of alternatives, including continuing to hold and operate the business, or a sale. 
  An analysis and reconciliation of our business segment information to the respective information in the    Consolidated Statements of Operations    is as follows: 

(1) 
    The Real Estate   ENR segment includes the equity earnings from and investments in and advances to our Real Estate Development Ventures (as defined and described in    Note 7: Related Parties   ), which are accounted for under the equity method. 
              (2) 
    Unallocated items are gains or charges not related to or allocated to an individual operating segment. They include a portion of items such as: share-based compensation, pension and postretirement costs, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses associated with financing, equity earnings from our Timberland Venture, (as defined and described in    Note 7: Related Parties   ), the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and the LIFO reserve.  
              (3) 
    As a result of reclassifying our former Cellulose Fibers segment as discontinued operations, Unallocated items also includes retained indirect corporate overhead costs previously allocated to the former segment. 

9 

A reconciliation of our business segment total assets to total assets in the    Consolidated Balance Sheet    is as follows: 

(1) 
    Assets attributable to the Real Estate   ENR business segment are combined with total assets for the Timberlands segment because we do not produce separate balance sheets internally. 

NOTE 3:     DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS    
    
  On November 8, 2015, Weyerhaeuser announced that the board authorized the exploration of strategic alternatives for its Cellulose Fibers business segment.  
    
  On May 1, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our Cellulose Fibers pulp business to International Paper for   $2.2 billion   in cash. The pulp business consists of five pulp mills located in Columbus, Mississippi; Flint River, Georgia; New Bern, North Carolina; Port Wentworth, Georgia and Grande Prairie, Alberta, and two modified fiber mills located in Columbus, Mississippi and Gdansk, Poland. This transaction is expected to close in fourth quarter 2016 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory review. We will continue to operate separately from International Paper until the transaction closes. 
    
  On June 15, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our Cellulose Fibers liquid packaging board business to Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd., for   $285 million   in cash. Our liquid packaging board business consisted of one mill located in Longview, Washington. On August 31, 2016, we completed the sale and recognized a pre-tax gain of   $60 million  , which is included in "Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes" on the    Consolidated Statement of Operations   . 
    
  On October 4, 2016, we entered an agreement to sell our interest in our printing papers joint venture to One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. The transaction includes the printing papers mill located in Longview, Washington. This transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016 and is subject to customary closing conditions. The printing papers joint venture will continue to operate separately from One Rock until the transaction closes. 
    
  The assets and liabilities of the pulp business, along with our investment in our printing papers joint venture, met the criteria necessary to be classified as held-for-sale during second quarter 2016 and continue to meet those criteria as of September 30, 2016. It is our expectation that the sales of these assets are probable and will be completed within one year. 
    
  Results of operations for our pulp and liquid packaging board businesses, along with our interest in our printing papers joint venture, have been reclassified to discontinued operations. These operations were previously reported as the Cellulose Fibers segment. These results have been summarized in "Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes" on our    Consolidated Statement of Operations    for each period presented. The related assets and liabilities of these operations met the criteria for classification as "held for sale" and have been reclassified as discontinued operations on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet      for each date presented. We did not reclassify our    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows    to reflect discontinued operations. 
    
  We expect to use after-tax proceeds from our sales of our discontinued operations for repayment of long-term debt. 
  
    10 

The following table presents net earnings from discontinued operations. 

(1) 
    Charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments consist of costs related to our strategic evaluation of the Cellulose Fibers businesses and transaction-related costs.  
       
  The following table shows carrying values for assets and liabilities classified as discontinued operations as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

11 

Cash flows from discontinued operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   are as follows: 

NOTE 4:     MERGER WITH PLUM CREEK 
    
  On February 19, 2016, we merged with Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc. (Plum Creek). Plum Creek was a REIT that primarily owned and managed timberlands in the United States. Plum Creek also produced wood products, developed opportunities for mineral and other natural resource extraction, and sold real estate properties. The merger combined two industry leaders. The breadth and diversity of our combined timberlands, real estate, energy and natural resources assets, and wood products operations position Weyerhaeuser to capitalize on the improving housing market and to continue to capture HBU land values across the combined portfolio.  
    
  Under the merger agreement, each issued and outstanding share of Plum Creek common stock was exchanged for   1.60   Weyerhaeuser common shares, with cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. Upon consummation of the merger, all outstanding Plum Creek stock options (all fully vested as of the merger date) and restricted stock units were converted into Weyerhaeuser stock options and restricted stock units, after giving effect to the   1.60   exchange ratio. Because the Plum Creek stock options were fully vested and relate to services rendered to Plum Creek prior to the merger, the replacement stock options were also fully vested and their fair value is included in the consideration transferred. Replacement restricted stock units relate to services to be performed post-merger and therefore were not included in consideration transferred. See additional details about replacement share-based payment awards in    Note 14: Share-based Compensation   . 
    
  The acquisition of total assets of   $10.0 billion   was a noncash investing and financing activity comprised of   $6.4 billion   in equity consideration transferred and   $3.6 billion   of liabilities assumed. See    Note 10: Long-term Debt and Lines of Credit    for additional details of indebtedness assumed. 
    
  The following table summarizes the equity consideration transferred in the merger: 

(1) 
    The number of shares of Plum Creek common stock issued and outstanding as of February 19, 2016. 
              (2) 
    Total shares issued net of partial shares settled in cash. 
               (4) 
    The estimated fair value of Plum Creek stock options for pre-merger services rendered. 
       
  We recognized   $14 million   and   $132 million   of merger-related costs that were expensed during the quarter and year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. We also recognized   $14 million   of merger-related costs that were expensed during the fourth quarter of 2015. See    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures, and Asset Impairments    for descriptions of the components of merger-related costs. These costs are included in "Charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments" in our    Consolidated Statement of Operations   .    
  
    12 

As a result of progress made to integrate financial systems since the merger date, the amount of revenue and loss before income taxes from acquired Plum Creek operations is no longer practicable to disclose for the quarter and and year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  Summarized unaudited pro forma information that presents combined amounts as if this merger occurred at the beginning of 2015 is as follows: 

Pro forma net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders exclude   $10 million   and   $144 million   non-recurring merger-related costs (net of tax) incurred in the quarter and year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.   No   non-recurring merger-related costs were incurred during the quarter or year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2015  . Pro forma data may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results. 
    
  Weyerhaeuser has accounted for the merger transaction as the acquirer and has applied the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by Weyerhaeuser from Plum Creek were recorded as of the date of the acquisition at their respective estimated fair values.  
    
  The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were preliminarily determined using the income, cost or market approaches. The fair value measurements were generally based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements as defined in ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurement  , with the exception of certain long-term debt instruments assumed in the acquisition that can be valued using observable market inputs and are therefore Level 2 measurements. The income approach was primarily used to value acquired timberlands, minerals and mineral rights, equity investments in the Timberland Venture (as defined and described in    Note 7: Related Parties   ) and Real Estate Development Ventures (as defined and described in    Note 7: Related Parties   ), and the Note Payable to Timberland Venture (as defined and described in    Note 7: Related Parties   ). The income approach estimates fair value for an asset based on the present value of cash flow projected to be generated by the asset. Projected cash flows are discounted at rates of return that reflect the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. The cost approach, which estimates value by determining the current cost of replacing an asset with another of equivalent economic utility, was used, as appropriate, for property and equipment. The cost to replace a given asset reflects the estimated reproduction or replacement cost for the property, less an allowance for loss in value due to depreciation. The market approach was primarily used to value higher and better use real estate tracts included within acquired timberlands, certain land and building assets included within acquired property and equipment, and long-term debt instruments. The market approach estimates fair value for an asset based on values of recent comparable transactions. 
    
  The initial allocation of purchase price was recorded using preliminary estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the best information available to management at the time. The purchase price allocation was updated in the third quarter 2016. The measurement period adjustments reflect additional information obtained to record the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on facts and circumstances existing as of the acquisition date. Measurement period adjustments reflected below did not have a material impact to earnings and had no impact to cash flows for the quarter or year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

13 

Initial and updated preliminary estimated fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the merger date are as follows: 

These estimated fair values are preliminary in nature and subject to further adjustments, which could be material. We have not identified any material unrecorded pre-merger contingencies where the related asset, liability or impairment is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We are in the process of finalizing our valuations related to the following: 
             
    timber and timberlands,  
                
    minerals and mineral rights, and 
                
    other contractual rights and obligations. 
     Our valuations will be finalized when certain information arranged to be obtained has been received and our review of that information has been completed. Prior to the finalization of the purchase price allocation, if information becomes available that would indicate it is probable that such events had occurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, such items will be included in the final purchase price allocation. 

NOTE 5:     NET EARNINGS PER SHARE AND SHARE REPURCHASES    
    
  NET EARNINGS PER SHARE 
    
  Our basic earnings per share attributable to Weyerhaeuser shareholders were: 
      
  Our diluted earnings per share attributable to Weyerhaeuser shareholders were: 
      
  Basic earnings per share is net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of our outstanding common shares, including stock equivalent units where there is no circumstance under which those shares would not be issued. 
  
    14 

Diluted earnings per share is net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the sum of the weighted average number of our outstanding common shares and the effect of our outstanding dilutive potential common shares:   

  We use the treasury stock method to calculate the effect of our outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units. Share-based payment awards that are contingently issuable upon the achievement of specified performance or market conditions are included in our diluted earnings per share calculation in the period in which the conditions are satisfied. 
    
  As described below, on July 1, 2016, all outstanding Preference Shares were converted into common shares. For all periods presented the Preference Shares were antidilutive as determined using the if-converted method. 
    
  Potential Shares Not Included in the Computation of Diluted Earnings per Share 
    
  The following shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were either antidilutive or the required performance or market conditions were not met. Some or all of these shares may be dilutive potential common shares in future periods. 

STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM 
    
  We repurchased   9,775,873   shares of common stock for   $306 million   (including transaction fees) during   third   quarter   2016   and   67,816,810   shares of common stock for   $2.0 billion   (including transaction fees) year-to-date   2016   under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. The 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization was approved in November 2015 by our Board of Directors and authorized management to repurchase up to   $2.5 billion   of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with Plum Creek. This new authorization replaced the August 2015 share repurchase authorization. Transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchases under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. All common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had remaining authorization of   $500 million   for future stock repurchases. 
    
  We record share repurchases upon trade date as opposed to the settlement date when cash is disbursed. We record a liability to account for repurchases that have not been cash settled. There were   no   unsettled repurchases as of   September 30, 2016     or   December 31, 2015  . 

15 

MANDATORY CONVERTIBLE PREFERENCE SHARES 
    
  On July 1, 2016, all outstanding 6.375% Mandatory Convertible Preference Shares, Series A (Preference Shares) converted into Weyerhaeuser common shares at a rate of   1.6929   Weyerhaeuser common shares per Preference Share. The company issued a total of   23.2 million   Weyerhaeuser common shares in conjunction with the conversion, based on   13.7 million   Preference Shares outstanding as of the conversion date.   
    
  In accordance with the terms of the Preference Shares, the number of Weyerhaeuser common shares issuable on conversion was determined based on the average volume weighted average price of   $29.54   for Weyerhaeuser common shares over the 20-trading-day period beginning June 1, 2016, and ending on June 28, 2016. 

NOTE 6:     INVENTORIES 
    
  Inventories include raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. 

LIFO   the last-in, first-out method   applies to major inventory products held at our U.S. domestic locations. The FIFO   the first-in, first-out method   or moving average cost methods apply to the balance of our domestic raw material and product inventories as well as for all material and supply inventories and all foreign inventories. If we used FIFO for all LIFO inventories, our stated inventories would have been higher by   $69 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , and   $67 million     as of     December 31, 2015  . 

NOTE 7:     RELATED PARTIES 
    
  We use the equity method to account for our investments in various joint ventures. The following tables summarize the current period equity earnings or loss from our respective balances of our investments in and advances to each of our joint ventures: 

16 

Through our merger with Plum Creek on February 19, 2016, we acquired equity interests in the Real Estate Development Ventures and the Timberland Venture. Additionally, through the merger Weyerhaeuser assumed the benefits and obligations associated with the formation of Twin Creeks Timber, LLC, a timberland venture (Twin Creeks Venture). The Twin Creeks Venture was funded with initial capital contributions on April 1, 2016. 
    
  Real Estate Development Ventures 
    
  WestRock-Charleston Land Partners, LLC (WR-CLP) is a limited liability company which holds residential and commercial real estate development properties, currently under development (Class A Properties) and higher-value timber and development lands (Class B Properties) (referred to collectively as the Real Estate Development Ventures). We have a   3 percent   interest in Class A Properties and a   50 percent   interest in Class B Properties. WestRock Company is the other member of WR-CLP and owns   97 percent   of the Class A Properties and   50 percent   of the Class B Properties. The Company uses the equity method for both its Class A and Class B interests. Our share of the equity earnings are included in the net contribution to earnings of our Real Estate   ENR segment. 
    
  WR-CLP is a variable interest entity and is financed by regular capital calls from the manager of WR-CLP in proportion to a member s ownership interest. If a member does not make a capital contribution, the member s ownership interest is diluted. We are committed to make additional capital contributions of up to   $26 million   during the remaining term of the venture which expires in   2020  . We do not intend to provide any additional sources of financing for WR-CLP. 
    
  We are not the primary beneficiary of WR-CLP. We consider the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of WR-CLP to be the day-to-day operating decisions along with the oversight responsibilities for the real estate development projects and properties. WestRock Company (the other equity member) has the power to direct the activities of WR-CLP that most significantly impact its economic performance through its ability to manage the day-to-day operations of WR-CLP. WestRock Company also has the ability to control all management decisions associated with all Class A and Class B Properties through its majority representation on the board of directors for the Class A Properties and due to its equal representation on the board of directors for the Class B Properties. 
    
  Our maximum exposure to loss is   $73 million  , the carrying amount of our investment in WR-CLP at   September 30, 2016  , plus any required future capital contributions.  
    
  Timberland Venture 
    
  Beginning on the date of our merger with Plum Creek until August 31, 2016, we held preferred and common interests in Southern Diversified Timber, LLC, a timberland joint venture (Timberland Venture), which included   100 percent   of the preferred interests and   9 percent   of the common interests. The Timberland Venture s other member, an affiliate of Campbell Global LLC (TCG Member), held   91 percent   of the Timberland Venture s common interests. The activities of the Timberland Venture consisted primarily of owning, growing, managing and sustaining its Southern timberlands, entering into cutting contracts with an affiliate of Campbell Global LLC for the sale and harvest of timber and owning a promissory note payable to the Timberland Venture (Note Payable to Timberland Venture) and collecting interest thereon. Our investment in and share of the equity earnings of the Timberland Venture was not attributed to one of our business segments, and was reported in Unallocated Items. 
    
  On August 31, 2016, the Timberland Venture redeemed TCG Member s interest. Upon the redemption, the Timberland Venture distributed all of the timberlands, a portion of the cash balance, and other net assets to TCG Member equal in total to the fair value of TCG Member's adjusted capital account. Following the redemption and distribution of assets to TCG Member, the Timberland Venture's remaining assets consisted of cash and a note receivable from Weyerhaeuser. 
    
  As we now hold all of the equity interests in the Timberland Venture, we have consolidated it as a wholly-owned subsidiary and eliminated our equity method investment in the Timberland Venture. As a result, the Note Payable to Timberland Venture is now eliminated for financial reporting purposes in consolidation as it is now intercompany indebtedness and therefore no longer appears on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet   . 
    
  In conjunction with the redemption of TCG Member, we remeasured our previously held equity interest to fair value at August 31, 2016, resulting in recognition of a gain of   $6 million   in "Interest income and other" on our    Consolidated Statement of Operations    during the third quarter of 2016.  

17 

Twin Creeks Venture 
    
  On April 1, 2016, we contributed approximately   260,000   acres of our southern timberlands with an agreed-upon value of approximately   $560 million   to Twin Creeks Timber, LLC (Twin Creeks Venture), in exchange for cash of approximately   $440 million   and a   21 percent   ownership interest. The other members contributed cash of approximately   $440 million   for a combined   79 percent   ownership interest. 
    
  The Twin Creeks Venture is expected to raise total committed capital of up to   $950 million   from its investors over the next several years.  We expect to maintain a   21 percent   ownership interest and to contribute additional capital of up to   $85 million   during the next several years. Unless extended by unanimous vote of all the investors, the term of the Twin Creeks Venture is 15 years. 
  In conjunction with contributing to the venture, we entered into a separate agreement to manage the timberlands owned by the Twin Creeks Venture, including harvesting activities, marketing and log sales activities, and replanting and silviculture activities. This management agreement guarantees an annual return to the venture in the form of minimum quarterly payments from us equal to   3 percent   of the fair value of the managed timberlands. We are also required to annually distribute   75 percent   of any profits earned by us in excess of the minimum quarterly payments.  The management agreement is cancellable at any time by Twin Creeks Timber, LLC, and otherwise will expire after three years.  
  The guaranteed return that the management agreement requires Weyerhaeuser to provide to the Twin Creeks Venture constitutes continuing involvement in the timberlands we contributed to the venture. This continuing involvement prohibits recognition of the contribution as a sale and requires application of the deposit method to account for the cash payment received. By applying the deposit method to the contribution of timberlands to the venture:  
             
    our receipt of   $440 million   proceeds from the contribution of timberlands to the venture was recorded as a noncurrent liability   "Deposit from contribution of timberlands to related party"   on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet   ;  
                
    the contributed timberlands will continue to be reported within the "Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion charged to disposals" on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet      with no change in value; 
                
    no gain or loss was recognized in our    Consolidated Statement of Operations   ; and 
                
    our balance sheet does not reflect our   21 percent   ownership interest in the Twin Creeks Venture.  
     The receipt of   $440 million   was classified as a cash flow from investing activities in our    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   .   The cash proceeds from our contribution of timberlands were used to fund our share repurchases described in    Note 5: Net Earnings per Share and Share Repurchases   .  
  The "Deposit from contributions of timberlands to related party" liability balance will subsequently increase for additional payments received from the venture (e.g., distributions) and decrease for any payments by us to the venture (e.g., the guaranteed return payments) with no corresponding impact to earnings. These cash flows are included in "Other" cash flows from investing activities in our    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   . 
  All revenues and expenses from our harvest and sale of standing timber from the contributed timberland will continue to be reported in our    Consolidated Statement of Operations    and attributed to our Timberlands business segment as though the contribution had not occurred. 

18 

NOTE 8:     PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  The components of net periodic benefit costs (credits) are: 

ASSUMED PLANS FROM MERGER WITH PLUM CREEK 
    
  Upon our merger with Plum Creek, we assumed one qualified pension plan and two nonqualified pension plans. All active participants in these plans became fully vested and the plans were frozen as of February 19, 2016. The cumulative funded status of the assumed plans as of February 19, 2016, was a net liability of   $62 million  . 
    
  The expected return on assets for the qualified plan assumed is   7 percent  . Assets of   $47 million   related to the nonqualified plans are held in a grantor trust and are subject to the claims of creditors in the event of bankruptcy. As a result, these are not considered plan assets and have not been netted against the nonqualified pension liability. These assets are included in "Other assets" in our      Consolidated Balance Sheet   . 
    
  During first quarter 2016, we recognized   $5 million   of pension benefit costs from change in control provisions for certain Plum Creek executives. These enhanced pension benefits were triggered by changes in control and retention decisions made after the completion of the merger (see    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures and Impairments   ).  We did not recognize any additional costs for change in control provisions during the second or third quarters of 2016. 
    
  During third quarter 2016, we made   $37 million   of nonqualified pension benefits payments, which included a portion of the enhanced benefits triggered by change in control provisions. These were paid using proceeds from sales of assets held in grantor trusts. 

19 

FAIR VALUE OF PENSION PLAN ASSETS AND OBLIGATION 
    
  We estimate the fair value of pension plan assets based upon the information available during the year-end reporting process. In some cases, primarily private equity funds, the information available consists of net asset values as of an interim date, cash flows between the interim date and the end of the year and market events. We updated the year-end estimated fair value of pension plan assets to incorporate year-end net asset values reflected in financial statements received after we have filed our Annual Report on Form 10-K. During second quarter   2016  , we recorded an increase in the fair value of the pension assets of   $7 million  , or   less than 1 percent  . We also updated our census data that is used to estimate our projected benefit obligation for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. As a result of that update, during second quarter   2016  , we recorded an increase to the projected benefit obligation of   $1 million  , or   less than 1 percent  . The net effect was a   $6 million   increase in the funded status.   
    
  Consistent with accounting for the merger as the acquirer in a business combination (see    Note 4: Merger with Plum Creek   ), pension assets and benefit obligations for plans assumed from Plum Creek were re-measured to reflect their fair value as of the merger date. This included updating asset values, updating discount rates to reflect market conditions as of the date of the merger, and freezing benefit accruals. The fair value of these items as of February 19, 2016, were as follows: 

$137 million   qualified pension plan assets; 
                
    $149 million   qualified pension plan projected benefit obligation; and 
                
    $50 million   nonqualified pension plan projected benefit obligation. 
       
  No adjustments were made to the fair value of assets or projected benefit obligations of plans assumed from Plum Creek during the second or third quarter. 
    
  EXPECTED CONTRIBUTIONS AND BENEFIT PAYMENTS 
    
  In   2016   we expect to: 
             
    be required to contribute approximately   $17 million   for our Canadian registered plan; 
                
    be required to contribute or make benefit payments for our Canadian nonregistered plans of   $3 million  ; 
                
    make benefit payments of   $57 million   for our U.S. nonqualified pension plans, including   $38 million   of benefit payments for plans assumed from Plum Creek to be paid out of assets held in grantor trusts; and 
                
    make benefit payments of   $22 million   for our U.S. and Canadian other postretirement plans. 
       
  We do not anticipate making a contribution to our U.S. qualified pension plans for   2016  . 

NOTE 9:     ACCRUED LIABILITIES    
    
  Accrued liabilities were comprised of the following: 

20 

NOTE 10:     LONG-TERM DEBT AND LINES OF CREDIT 
    
  This note provides details about our: 
             
    long-term debt assumed in the Plum Creek merger and 
                
    new term loans issued. 
       
  LONG-TERM DEBT ASSUMED IN THE PLUM CREEK MERGER 
    
  Through our merger with Plum Creek, we assumed long-term debt instruments consisting of:  
             
    two issuances of publicly traded Senior Notes;  
                
    an Installment Note (defined and described below); and  
                
    the Note Payable to Timberland Venture (defined and described below).  
       
  Concurrent with the merger, we repaid in full the outstanding balances of Plum Creek's Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan using   $720 million   of cash on hand. 
    
  Senior Notes 
    
  The assumed Senior Notes are publicly traded and were issued by Plum Creek Timberlands, L.P. (PC Timberlands) and were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Weyerhaeuser Company as of the acquisition date. During the third quarter 2016, PC Timberlands was merged into Weyerhaeuser Company and Weyerhaeuser Company assumed the obligations. There were two separate issuances of Senior Notes:   $569 million   (principal) of   4.70 percent   notes which mature in 2021 and   $325 million   (principal) of   3.25 percent   notes which mature in 2023. The Senior Notes are redeemable prior to maturity; however, they are subject to a premium on redemption, which is based upon interest rates of U.S. Treasury securities having similar average maturities. 
    
  Through preliminary acquisition accounting the Senior Notes were recognized at estimated fair values of   $614 million   for the   4.70 percent   notes and   $324 million   for the   3.25 percent   notes as of the acquisition date. The differences between cash interest payments and the amounts recorded as interest expense at the effective market rates will adjust the carrying values of the notes to the principal amounts at maturity. 
    
  Installment Note 
    
  We assumed an installment note (Installment Note) payable to WestRock Land and Development, LLC (WR LD) that was issued in connection with Plum Creek's acquisition of certain timberland assets. The principal balance of the Installment Note is   $860 million  . Following the issuance, WR LD pledged the installment note to certain banks. The annual interest rate on the Installment Note is fixed at   5.207 percent  . Interest is paid semi-annually with the principal due upon maturity in December 2023. The term may be extended at the request of the holder if the company at the time of the request intends to refinance all or a portion of the Installment Note for a term of five years or more. The Installment Note is generally not redeemable prior to maturity except in certain limited circumstances and could be subject to a premium on redemption.  
    
  We receive patronage refunds under the Installment Note. Patronage refunds are distributions of profits from banks in the farm credit system, which are cooperatives that are required to distribute profits to their members. Patronage distributions, which are made in either cash or stock, are received in the year after they were earned and are recorded as offsets to interest expense. 
    
  Through preliminary acquisition accounting, the Installment Note was recognized at an estimated fair value of   $893 million   as of the acquisition date. The difference between the cash interest payments and the amount being recorded as interest expense at the effective market rate will reduce the carrying value of the Installment Note to the principal amount at the maturity date. 
    
  Note Payable to Timberland Venture 
    
  We assumed the Note Payable to Timberland Venture, which has a principal balance of   $783 million  . The annual interest rate on the Note Payable to Timberland Venture is fixed at   7.375 percent  . Interest is paid quarterly with the  
  
    21 

principal due upon maturity. The note matures on October 1, 2018, but may be extended until October 1, 2020, at our election. The note is not redeemable prior to maturity. 
    
  Through preliminary acquisition accounting, the Note Payable to Timberland Venture was recognized at an estimated fair value of   $838 million   as of the acquisition date. The difference between the cash interest payments and the amount being recorded as interest expense at the effective market rate will reduce the carrying value of the note to the principal amount at the maturity date. 
    
  On August 31, 2016, the Timberland Venture redeemed TCG Member's interest and Weyerhaeuser obtained full ownership of the Timberland Venture's equity. As a result, we consolidated the Timberland Venture as a wholly-owned subsidiary and the Note Payable to Timberland Venture is therefore eliminated for financial reporting purposes upon consolidation as it is now intercompany indebtedness. The redemption transaction and consolidation is described in    Note 7: Related Parties   .  
    
  NEW TERM LOANS ISSUED 
    
  During February 2016 and subsequent to completion of the Plum Creek merger, we entered into a   $600 million   18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in August 2017. Borrowings are currently at   LIBOR plus 1.05 percent  . At   September 30, 2016  , we had   $600 million   outstanding under this facility. 
    
  During March 2016, we entered into a   $1.9 billion   18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in September 2017. Borrowings are currently at   LIBOR plus 1.05 percent  . At   September 30, 2016  , we had   $1,100 million   outstanding under this facility. 

NOTE 11:     FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    
    
  The estimated fair values and carrying values of our long-term debt consisted of the following: 

To estimate the fair value of fixed rate long-term debt, we used the following valuation approaches: 
             
    market approach   based on quoted market prices we received for the same types and issues of our debt; or 
                
    income approach   based on the discounted value of the future cash flows using market yields for the same type and comparable issues of debt. 
       
  We believe that our variable rate long-term debt instruments have net carrying values that approximate their fair values with only insignificant differences. 
    
  The inputs to these valuations are based on market data obtained from independent sources or information derived principally from observable market data. The difference between the fair value and the carrying value represents the theoretical net premium or discount we would pay or receive to retire all debt at the measurement date.  
    
  FAIR VALUE OF OTHER FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
    
  We believe that our other financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, mutual fund investments held in grantor trusts, receivables, and payables, have net carrying values that approximate their fair values with only insignificant differences. This is primarily due to the short-term nature of these instruments and the allowance for doubtful accounts. 

22 

NOTE 12:     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  This note provides details about our: 
             
    legal proceedings and 
                
    environmental matters. 
       
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceeding that management believes could have a material adverse effect on our long-term consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See    Note 17: Income Taxes    for a discussion of a tax proceeding involving Plum Creek REIT's 2008 U.S. federal income tax return. 
    
  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
    
  Our environmental matters include: 
             
    site remediation and 
                
    asset retirement obligations. 
       
  Site Remediation 
    
  Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act   commonly known as the Superfund   and similar state laws, we: 
             
    are a party to various proceedings related to the cleanup of hazardous waste sites and 
                
    have been notified that we may be a potentially responsible party related to the cleanup of other hazardous waste sites for which proceedings have not yet been initiated. 
       
  We have received notification from the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA) and have acknowledged that we are a potentially responsible party in a portion of the Kalamazoo River Superfund site in southwest Michigan. Our involvement in the remediation site is based on our former ownership of the Plainwell, Michigan mill located within the remediation site. In 2015, we received invitations from the EPA to negotiate an administrative order on consent for a contaminant removal action for a portion of the site comprising a stretch of the river approximately 1.7 miles long that the EPA refers to as the Otsego Township Dam Area. Several other companies also operated upstream pulp mills, and two other parties received the same invitations. On April 14, 2016, the EPA issued an administrative order to the company and the other parties, the terms and scope of which are generally consistent with the company s and the other parties  discussions with the EPA. The company and the other parties have begun to jointly implement the administrative order. At this time we do not expect to incur material losses related to the implementation of the administrative order. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our total accrual for future estimated remediation costs on the active Superfund sites and other sites for which we are responsible was approximately   $37 million  . These reserves are recorded in "Accrued liabilities" and "Other liabilities" on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet   . The accrual has not changed materially since the end of 2015. 
    
  Asset Retirement Obligations 
    
  We have obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets consisting primarily of reforestation obligations related to forest management licenses in Canada and obligations to close and cap landfills. As of   September 30, 2016  , our accrued balance for these obligations was   $28 million  . These obligations are recorded in "Accrued liabilities" and "Other liabilities" on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet   . The accruals have not changed materially for continuing operations since the end of 2015. 
    
  Some of our sites have materials containing asbestos. We have met our current legal obligation to identify and manage these materials. In situations where we cannot reasonably determine when materials containing asbestos might be removed from the sites, we have not recorded an accrual because the fair value of the obligation cannot be reasonably estimated. 
  
    23 

NOTE 13:     CUMULATIVE OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
    
  Changes in amounts included in our cumulative other comprehensive income (loss) by component are: 

NOTE 14:     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION    
    
  In year-to-date   2016  , we granted   6,121,835   stock options,   1,954,796   restricted stock units (RSUs),   495,079   performance share units (PSUs) and   106,752   stock appreciation rights. In addition,   1,166,591   outstanding RSUs and   288,780   outstanding PSUs vested during year-to-date   2016  . A total of   3,034,349   shares of common stock were issued as a result of RSU vesting, PSU vesting and stock option exercises. 
    
  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION RESULTING FROM OUR MERGER WITH PLUM CREEK 
    
  Included in the award activity above are replacement awards granted as a result of the merger with Plum Creek. Eligible outstanding Plum Creek stock options, restricted stock unit and deferred stock unit awards were converted into equivalent equity awards with respect to Weyerhaeuser Common Shares, after giving effect to the appropriate adjustments to reflect the consummation of the merger. In total, we issued replacement awards consisting of   1,953,128   stock options and   1,248,006   RSUs. We also assumed   289,910   value management awards (VMAs) through the merger with Plum Creek. 

24 

Replacement Stock Option Awards 
    
  The replacement stock option awards issued as a result of the merger with Plum Creek have similar exercise provisions as the terms of our current awards. All replacement stock option awards were fully vested prior to the date of the merger, so no expense will be recorded. The value of the replacement stock option awards was   $5 million  , which was included in the equity consideration issued in the merger as described in    Note 4: Merger with Plum Creek   . 
    
  Replacement Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
    
  The replacement RSUs issued as a result of the merger with Plum Creek have similar vesting provisions as the terms of existing Weyerhaeuser restricted stock unit awards. Expense for replacement RSUs will continue to be recognized over the remaining service period unless a qualifying termination occurs. A qualifying termination of an awardee will result in acceleration of vesting and expense recognition in the period that the qualifying termination occurs. Qualifying terminations during year-to-date   2016   resulted in accelerated vesting of   686,096   of the replacement RSUs and recognition of   $15 million   of expense. This accelerated expense is included in merger-related integration costs as described in    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures and Asset Impairments   .  
    
  Value Management Awards    
    
  Following the merger, the VMAs assumed were valued at target. All outstanding VMAs, if earned, will vest December 31, 2017, and be paid in the first quarter of 2018. The VMAs are classified and accounted for as liabilities, as they will be settled in cash upon vesting. The expense recognized over the remaining performance period will equal the cash value of an award as of the last day of the performance period multiplied by the number of awards that are earned. Expense for VMAs will continue to be recognized over the remaining service period unless a qualifying termination occurs. A qualifying termination of an awardee will result in acceleration of vesting and expense recognition in the period that the qualifying termination occurs. Qualifying terminations during year-to-date   2016   resulted in   $6 million   of expense recognized. This accelerated expense is included in merger-related integration costs as described in    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures and Asset Impairments   . 
    
  STOCK OPTIONS 
    
  Excluding replacement awards granted as a result of the merger, the weighted average exercise price of stock options granted to date in 2016 was   $23.09  . The vesting and post-termination vesting terms for stock options granted to date in 2016 were as follows: 
             
    vest ratably over four years, except for the replacement stock option awards granted as a result of the Plum Creek merger, which were fully vested as of the grant date; 
                
    vest or continue to vest in the event of death while employed, disability or retirement at an age of at least 62; 
                
    continue to vest upon retirement at an age of at least 62, but a portion of the grant forfeits if retirement occurs before the one year anniversary of the grant; 
                
    continue to vest for one year in the event of involuntary termination when the retirement criteria has not been met; and 
                
    stop vesting for all other situations including early retirement prior to age 62. 

25 

Weighted Average Assumptions Used in Estimating the Value of Stock Options Granted in   2016    

(1)  
    Weighted average assumptions presented do not include the replacement stock option awards issued as consideration for our merger with Plum Creek. 
       
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
    
  Excluding replacement awards granted as a result of the merger, the weighted average fair value of the RSUs granted in   2016   was   $23.09  . The vesting provisions for RSUs granted in   2016   were as follows: 
             
    vest ratably over four years; 
                
    immediately vest in the event of death while employed or disability; 
                
    continue to vest upon retirement at an age of at least 62, but a portion of the grant forfeits if retirement occurs before the one year anniversary of the grant; 
                
    continue vesting for one year in the event of involuntary termination when the retirement criteria has not been met; and 
                
    will forfeit upon termination of employment in all other situations including early retirement prior to age 62. 
       
  PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS 
    
  The weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs granted in 2016 was   $20.83  .  
    
  The final number of shares granted in   2016   will range from   0 percent   to   150 percent   of each grant's target, depending upon actual company performance. 
    
  The ultimate number of PSUs earned is based on three measures: 
             
    our relative total shareholder return (TSR) ranking measured against the S P 500 over a three year period; 
                
    our relative TSR ranking measured against an industry peer group of companies over a three year period; and 
                
    achievement of Plum Creek merger cost synergy targets. 
       
  The vesting provisions for PSUs granted in   2016   were as follows: 
             
    vest 100 percent on the third anniversary of the grant date as long as the individual remains employed by the company; 
                
    fully vest in the event the participant dies or becomes disabled while employed; 
                
    continue to vest upon retirement at an age of at least 62, but a portion of the grant forfeits if retirement occurs before the one year anniversary of the grant; 
                
    continue vesting for one year in the event of involuntary termination when the retirement criteria has not been met and the employee has met the second anniversary of the grant date; and 
                
    will forfeit upon termination of employment in all other situations including early retirement prior to age 62. 
     
    26 

Weighted Average Assumptions Used in Estimating the Value of Performance Share Units Granted in   2016    

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
    
  Stock appreciation rights are re-measured to reflect the fair value at each reporting period. The following table shows the weighted average assumptions applied to all outstanding stock appreciation rights as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Re-measure the Value of Stock Appreciation Rights as of   September 30, 2016    

The vesting and post-termination vesting terms for stock appreciation rights granted in   2016   are the same as for stock options described above. 

NOTE 15:     CHARGES FOR INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING, CLOSURES AND ASSET IMPAIRMENTS 

QUARTER ENDED 
      
    YEAR-TO-DATE ENDED 
      DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 
    SEPTEMBER 2016 
      
    SEPTEMBER 2015 
      
    SEPTEMBER 2016 
      
    SEPTEMBER 2015 
      Integration and restructuring charges related to our merger with Plum Creek: 

Termination benefits 
    $ 
    4 

$ 

$ 
    52 

$ 

Acceleration of share-based compensation related to qualifying terminations    (Note 14)  

21 

Acceleration of pension benefits related to qualifying terminations    (Note 8)  

5 

Professional services 
    6 

45 

Other integration and restructuring costs 
    4 

9 

Total integration and restructuring charges related to our merger with Plum Creek 
    14 

132 

Charges related to closures and other restructuring activities: 

Termination benefits 
    1 

4 

1 
      
      Other closures and restructuring costs 
    1 

1 

3 

1 
      
      Total charges related to closures and other restructuring activities 
    2 

1 

7 

2 
      
      Impairments of long-lived assets 

1 

2 

14 
      
      Total charges for integration and restructuring, closures and impairments 
    $ 
    16 

$ 
    2 

$ 
    141 

$ 
    16 

27 

During   2016  , we incurred and accrued for termination benefits (primarily severance), accelerated share-based payment costs, and accelerated pension benefits based upon actual and expected qualifying terminations of certain employees as a result of restructuring decisions made subsequent to the merger. We also incurred non-recurring professional services costs for investment banking, legal and consulting, and certain other fees directly attributable to our merger with Plum Creek. 
    
  During 2015, we recognized a noncash impairment charge of   $13 million   in first quarter 2015 related to a nonstrategic asset held in Unallocated Items that was sold in second quarter 2015. The fair value of the asset was determined using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) based on discounted cash flow model. 
    
  Changes in accrued severance related to restructuring during the year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  , were as follows: 

Accrued severance is recorded within the "Wages, salaries and severance pay" component of "Accrued liabilities" on our    Consolidated Balance Sheet    as detailed in    Note 9: Accrued Liabilities   . The majority of the accrued severance balance as of   September 30, 2016  , is expected to be paid within one year.  

NOTE 16:     OTHER OPERATING COSTS (INCOME), NET 
    
  Other operating costs (income), net: 
             
    includes both recurring and occasional income and expense items and 
                
    can fluctuate from year to year. 
       
  ITEMS INCLUDED IN OTHER OPERATING COSTS (INCOME), NET 

Gain on disposition of nonstrategic assets included a   $36 million   pretax gain recognized in the first quarter of 2016 on the sale of our Federal Way, Washington headquarters campus.  
  Foreign exchange losses (gains) result from changes in exchange rates, primarily related to our Canadian operations. 

NOTE 17:     INCOME TAXES    
  As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal corporate level income taxes on REIT taxable income that is distributed to shareholders. We are required to pay corporate income taxes on earnings of our TRS, which includes our manufacturing businesses and portions of our Timberlands and Real Estate   ENR segments' earnings. 
    
  The quarterly provision for income taxes is based on the current estimate of the annual effective tax rate. Our   2016   estimated annual effective tax rate for our TRS is approximately   33 percent  , which is lower than the U.S. domestic  
  
    28 

statutory federal tax rate primarily due to lower foreign tax rates applicable to foreign earnings, partially offset by state income taxes. 
    
  Following the merger with Plum Creek in first quarter 2016, our income tax receivables and deferred income tax balances for our TRS have been adjusted to include Plum Creek s TRS, which include   $4 million   in federal income tax receivables and   $65 million   in deferred income tax assets arising from temporary differences between the tax bases and book bases of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the merger. See    Note 4: Merger with Plum Creek      for additional details. 
    
  ONGOING IRS MATTER 
    
  We received a Notice of Final Partnership Administrative Adjustment (FPAA), dated July 20, 2016, from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in regard to Plum Creek REIT s 2008 U.S. federal income tax treatment of the transaction forming the Timberland Venture.  The IRS is asserting that the transfer of the timberlands to the Timberland Venture was a taxable transaction to the company at the time of the transfer rather than a nontaxable capital contribution.  We have filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court and will vigorously contest this adjustment.  
    
  In the event that we are unsuccessful in this tax litigation, we could be required to recognize and distribute gain to shareholders of approximately   $600 million   and pay built-in gains tax of approximately   $100 million  . We would also be required to pay interest on both of those amounts, which would be substantial. We expect that as much as   80   percent of any such distribution could be made with our common stock, and shareholders would be subject to tax on the distribution at the applicable capital gains tax rate. Alternatively, we could elect to retain the gain and pay corporate-level tax to minimize interest costs to the company. 
    
  Although the outcome of this process cannot be predicted with certainty, we are confident in our position based on U.S. tax law and believe we will be successful in defending it. Accordingly, no reserve has been recorded related to this matter. 

29 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD A) 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This report contains statements concerning our future results and performance that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements: 
             
    are based on various assumptions we make and 
                
    may not be accurate because of risks and uncertainties surrounding the assumptions that we make. 
       
  Factors listed in this section   as well as other factors not included   may cause our actual results to differ significantly from our forward-looking statements. There is no guarantee that any of the events anticipated by our forward-looking statements will occur. Or if any of the events occur, there is no guarantee what effect they will have on our operations or financial condition. 
    
  We will not update our forward-looking statements after the date of this report. 
    
  FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY 
    
  Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often use words such as expects, may, should, will, believes, anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, targets and approximately. They may use the positive or negative or other variation of those and similar words. 
    
  STATEMENTS 
    
  We make forward-looking statements in this report concerning our plans, strategies, intentions and expectations, including with respect to estimated taxes and tax rates, expectations relating to shares, share repurchases, share compensation, dilution and dividends, expected results of legal proceedings and the sufficiency of litigation reserves, expected uses of cash, expectations relating to pension contributions and benefit payments, and our expectations relating to the U.S. housing market, economic conditions, strength of the U.S. dollar and demand for our products. 
    
  We base our forward-looking statements on a number of factors, including the expected effect of: 
             
    the economy, 
                
    laws and regulations, 
                
    adverse litigation outcomes and the adequacy of reserves, 
                
    changes in accounting principles, 
                
    contributions to pension plans, 
                
    projected benefit payments, 
                
    projected tax treatment, rates and credits, and 
                
    other related matters. 
       
  You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and, consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Should other risks or uncertainties materialize, or should our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results as well as from our estimated or projected results  . 

30 

RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
    
  Major risks and uncertainties   and assumptions that we make   that affect our business and may cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
             
    the effect of general economic conditions, including employment rates, interest rate levels, housing starts, availability of financing for home mortgages and strength of the U.S. dollar; 
                
    market demand for our products, including market demand for our timberland properties with higher and better uses, which is related to, among other factors, the strength of the various U.S. business segments and U.S. and international economic conditions; 
                
    performance of our manufacturing operations, including maintenance and capital requirements; 
                
    potential disruptions in our manufacturing operations; 
                
    the level of competition from domestic and foreign producers; 
                
    raw material availability and prices; 
                
    the effect of weather; 
                
    the risk of loss from fires, floods, windstorms, hurricanes, pest infestation and other natural disasters; 
                
    energy prices; 
                
    the successful execution of our internal plans and strategic initiatives, including without limitation the realization of cost and operational synergies;  
                
    the successful and timely execution and integration of our strategic acquisitions, including our ability to realize expected benefits and synergies, and the successful and timely execution of our strategic divestitures, each of which is subject to a number of risks and conditions beyond our control including, but not limited to, timing and required regulatory approvals;  
                
    transportation and labor availability and costs; 
                
    federal tax policies, interpretations or rulings; 
                
    the effect of forestry, land use, environmental and other governmental regulations; 
                
    legal proceedings; 
                
    performance of pension fund investments and related derivatives; 
                
    the effect of timing of retirements and changes in the market price of our common stock on charges for share-based compensation; 
                
    changes in accounting principles; and 
        
  EXPORTING ISSUES 
    
  We are a large exporter, affected by: 
             
    economic activity in Europe and Asia, especially Japan and China; 
                
    currency exchange rates   particularly the relative value of the U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, euro and yen; and 
                
    restrictions on international trade or tariffs imposed on imports. 

31 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  In reviewing our results of operations, it is important to understand these terms: 

Sales realizations refer to net selling prices   this includes selling price plus freight, minus normal sales deductions. 
                
    Net contribution to earnings does not include interest expense and income taxes. 
       
  In the following discussion, unless otherwise noted, references to increases or decreases in income and expense items, sales realizations, shipment volumes, and net contributions to earnings are based on the quarter and year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the quarter and year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Our merger with Plum Creek during first quarter 2016 significantly impacted the comparability of our consolidated operating results between 2016 and 2015. As a result of progress made to integrate financial processes and systems since the merger date, the results beginning on February 19, 2016, from acquired Plum Creek operations and the respective impacts of these results on our current period results are impracticable to disclose in the quarter and year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  . Our prior period results do not include pre-merger results of Plum Creek operations.  
    
  When compared to historical Plum Creek results, the post-merger results of the acquired operations are significantly impacted by the following items:  

Increased depletion charges and increased basis of real estate sold as a result of applying acquisition accounting to Timber and timberlands assets acquired as described in    Note 4: Merger with Plum Creek      and 

Certain merger-related costs as described in    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures and Asset Impairments   . 

ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS AFFECTING OUR OPERATIONS 
    
  The strength of the U.S. housing market strongly affects our Wood Products and Timberlands segments. As published by the U.S. Census Bureau, total housing starts for 2015 were 1.11 million units. We continue to expect improving U.S. housing starts and anticipate a level of approximately 1.18 million units in 2016 as a result of employment growth, improving consumer confidence and continued historically low mortgage rates. In the first nine months of 2016, housing starts averaged 1.15 million total units on a seasonally adjusted annual basis according to the U.S. Census Bureau and single family units averaged 0.77 million as a seasonally adjusted annual rate. This is consistent with expectations for 7 percent to 8 percent year-over-year growth in housing starts. Repair and remodeling activity is also a driver of wood product demand. The Joint Center for Housing of Harvard University is projecting an increase in remodeling expenditures of 8.6 percent in 2016 over 2015. 
    
  Our Real Estate   ENR segment is affected by the health of the U.S. economy and especially the U.S. housing sector, which influences the real estate market. According to the Realtors Land Institute of the National Association of Realtors, land transaction prices and volumes are expected to be the same or stronger in 2016 compared to 2015. 
    
  Demand for logs from our Timberlands segment is affected by production levels of wood-based building products. U.S. wood product markets advanced in the first nine months of 2016, consistent with homebuilding and remodeling segments and helped by a rising single family share of total housing starts. Single family starts are up 10 percent year to date over the same period last year on a seasonally adjusted basis. Demand for logs increased with wood products production, and log supplies kept pace, leaving prices relatively flat year to date for western and southern sawlogs and southern pulpwood. Our western holdings are also affected by export demand. Log inventories in Chinese ports were lower in 2016 than for the same period in 2015 and demand was modestly improved over 2015. Japan housing starts for January through August 2016 are up 5 percent from the same period last year. Housing starts are a key driver of wood product and log demand in Japan. We expect demand from China and Japan in 2016 to be similar to 2015. 

32 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
    
  How We Did   Third   Quarter and Year-to-Date   2016    

Comparing   Third   Quarter   2016   with   Third   Quarter   2015    
    
  Net sales 
    
  Net sales increased   $354 million       26   percent   primarily attributable to the following factors: 
             
    Timberlands segment sales increased   $174 million     56 percent   due to higher delivered logs sales volumes primarily attributable to acquired Plum Creek operations. This increase was partially offset by lower average sales realizations. The decrease in average sales realizations is primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume for the South, which has lower average sales realizations compared to the West. The South comprised 33 percent of net sales for the quarter compared with 21 percent of net sales for third quarter 2015. 
                
    Real Estate   ENR segment sales increased   $26 million     118 percent   primarily due to increased volume of timberland acres sold and increased ENR sales volume attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek, partially offset by a decrease in average price realized per timberland acre. 
                
    Wood Products segment sales increased   $154 million     15 percent   primarily due to increased medium density fiberboard sales generated from our operations acquired from our merger with Plum Creek; increased oriented strand board, lumber, and plywood average sales realizations; and increased lumber and plywood sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek. 
       
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $241 million       22   percent   primarily attributable to the following: 
             
    Timberlands segment costs of products sold increased   $161 million  , primarily due to: 
                
    increased sales volumes as described above and higher depletion rates in the South and West for acquired Plum Creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date; and 
                
    increased silviculture and reforestation costs, which is attributable to the significant increase in our timberlands holdings resulting from the merger; 
                
    Real Estate   ENR segment costs of products sold increased   $23 million   primarily due to increased real estate and ENR sales volume as explained above, coupled with an increase in the average basis of real estate sold attributable to measuring acquired Plum Creek land at fair value in acquisition accounting; and 
                
    Wood Products segment costs of products sold increased   $66 million   primarily due to increased sales volume as described above. This increase is partially offset by lower resin and manufacturing costs per unit. 

33 

Operating income 
    
  Operating income increased   $108 million       65   percent   primarily attributable to increased net sales and costs of products sold explained above. 
  These increases were partially offset by a   $14 million   increase to charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments, which is attributable to integration costs related to our merger with Plum Creek. 
    
  Net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders 
    
  Our net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased   $47 million       26   percent. Excluding earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased $41 million   34 percent   primarily attributable to the variances in net sales, costs of products sold and operating income as explained above. The increase is partially offset by a   $66 million   increase in income taxes from continuing operations attributable to:  
             
    increased earnings for our TRS due primarily to the improved performance of our Wood Products segment and 
                
    exhaustion of our remaining federal tax credit and net operating loss carryforwards during 2016. 
     Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, decreased   $6 million       10   percent   primarily due to: 
             
    lower average sales realizations and sales volumes for pulp and liquid packaging board; and 
                
    increased charges for restructuring, closures and asset impairments, which consists of costs related to our strategic evaluation of the Cellulose Fibers businesses and transaction-related costs. 
     These were partially offset by: 
             
    lower costs of products sold, primarily due to lower sales and ceasing depreciation when Cellulose Fibers manufacturing assets were classified as held-for-sale in the second quarter 2016; 
                
    lower equity loss from our printing papers joint venture; and 
                
    the net gain on the divestiture of liquid packaging board recognized in third quarter 2016. 
       
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net sales 
    
  Net sales increased   $789 million       20   percent   attributable to: 
             
    Timberlands segment sales increased   $381 million     40 percent   primarily due to acquired Plum Creek operations. This increase was partially offset by lower average sales realizations. The decrease in average sales realizations is primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume for the South, which has lower average sales realizations compared to the West. The South comprised 31 percent of net sales for year-to-date 2016 compared with 19 percent of net sales for the 2015 year-to-date period. 
                
    Real Estate   ENR segment sales increased   $56 million     81 percent   attributable to increased volume of timberland acres sold and increased ENR sales volume attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek, and an increase in average price realized per acre sold. 
                
    Wood Products segment sales increased   $352 million     12 percent   primarily due to increased medium density fiberboard sales generated from our operations acquired from our merger with Plum Creek; increased oriented strand board and plywood average sales realizations; and increased lumber, oriented strand board, plywood, and engineered solid section sales volumes. 
       
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $538 million       17   percent   primarily attributable to the following: 
             
    Timberlands segment costs of products sold increased   $351 million  , primarily due to increased sales volumes, as explained above and to higher depletion rates in the South and West for acquired Plum Creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value; 
     
    34 

Real Estate   ENR segment costs of products sold increased   $50 million   attributable to increased real estate and ENR sales volumes as explained above; and 
                
    Wood Products segment costs of products sold increased   $153 million   primarily due to increased sales volume as explained above. This increase was partially offset by lower log, resin, and manufacturing costs per unit. 
       
  Operating income 
    
  Operating income increased   $169 million       33   percent   primarily due to the following: 
             
    increased gross margin as described above   $251 million, 
                
    noncash gain on foreign exchange debt held by our Canadian entity     $53 million  , and 
                
    a pretax gain related to the sale of our Federal Way headquarters campus   $36 million.  
     These increases were partially offset by: 
             
    a   $125 million     increase in charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments, primarily attributable to     2016 integration costs related to our merger with Plum Creek     $132 million  ; and 
                
    a $64 million increase in general and administrative expenses attributable primarily to acquired Plum Creek operations. 
     These increases are partially offset by a noncash impairment charge recognized in first quarter 2015 related to a nonstrategic asset that was sold in second quarter 2015     $13 million  .  
    
  Net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders 
    
  Our net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased   $51 million       13   percent. Excluding earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, net earnings attributable to Weyerhaeuser common shareholders increased $39 million   13 percent   primarily attributable to the variances in net sales, costs of products sold and operating income as explained above, partially offset by   $100 million   increase in income taxes from continuing operations resulting from increased taxable earnings generated by our TRS. 
  Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, increased   $12 million       11   percent   primarily due to: 
             
    lower costs of products sold, primarily due to lower sales and ceasing depreciation when Cellulose Fibers manufacturing assets were classified as held-for-sale in the second quarter 2016, 
                
    a decrease in the equity loss from our printing papers joint venture, and 
                
    the gain on the divestiture of the liquid packaging board business recognized in third quarter of 2016.  
     These were partially offset by: 
             
    lower average sales realizations for pulp and liquid packaging board and lower sales volumes for liquid packaging board,  
                
    increased income tax expense due to the gain on the divestiture of the liquid packaging board business, and 
                
    increased charges for integration and restructuring, closures and asset impairments, which consists of costs related to our strategic evaluation of the Cellulose Fibers businesses and transaction-related costs. 

TIMBERLANDS 
    
  Compared to 2015, the changes to the results of operations for our Timberlands segment are primarily attributable to the addition of approximately 6.3 million acres of Plum Creek timberlands, which produced over 18 million tons of harvest volumes in 2015. The merger results in expansion of our Southern timberlands from 4.0 million acres to 7.4 million acres   an 85 percent increase   and our Western timberlands from 2.6 million acres to 3.0 million acres   a 15 percent increase. The merger also added 2.5 million acres across West Virginia, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Michigan, Wisconsin and Montana, which we refer to as our Northern timberlands. Increases to our sales volumes are primarily attributable to the significant increases in the size of our timberlands holdings by region, particularly in the South and North regions.  

35 

The composition of our sales volume by region was also altered by the merger, as the South and North regions, which have lower average sales realizations compared to the West, now comprise a greater portion of our overall sales. Additionally, within the South the acquired timberlands alter the overall sales mix, as lower realization pulpwood sales have increased and higher realization grade logs have decreased as a percentage of total sales, resulting in lower average sales realizations overall for the region. 
    
  As a result of of applying acquisition accounting to Timber and timberlands assets acquired as described in    Note 4: Merger with Plum Creek   , depletion rates have increased significantly in 2016 compared to 2015. When combined with increased sales volumes, these higher depletion rates drive the significant increases in our costs of products sold in 2016 compared to 2015 for the periods presented. 
    
  How We Did   Third   Quarter and Year-to-Date   2016 

(1) 
    The Western region includes Washington and Oregon. The Southern region includes Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas and Oklahoma. The Northern region includes West Virginia, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Michigan, Wisconsin and Montana. Other includes our Canadian operations and the timberlands of the Twin Creeks Venture that we manage. 
              (2) 
    Includes logs, plywood and hardwood lumber harvested or produced by our international operations in Uruguay. 

36 

Comparing   Third   Quarter   2016   with   Third   Quarter   2015    
    
  Net sales   unaffiliated customers 
    
  Net sales to unaffiliated customers increased   $174 million     56 percent   primarily due to: 
             
    a   $96 million   increase in Southern log sales as a result of a 166 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes primarily attributable to acquired Plum Creek operations, partially offset by a 6 percent decrease in average sales realizations for delivered logs; 
                
    a   $29 million   increase in Northern log sales attributable to the operations added in our merger with Plum Creek; and 
                
    a   $21 million   increase in Western log sales as result of an 11 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes primarily attributable to acquired Plum Creek operations and to more favorable fire season harvest conditions compared to third quarter 2015. 
       
  Intersegment sales 
    
  Intersegment sales increased   $6 million     3 percent   primarily due to increased intersegment sales in the United States     $11 million  .  This is attributable to higher intersegment log sales volumes attributable to the Montana operations acquired from Plum Creek, as well as an increase in average sales realizations. The increase in the United States was partially offset by a decrease in Canada intersegment sales     $5 million     primarily attributable to lower log sales volumes. 
    
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $161 million     40 percent   due to a 90 percent increase in sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek and to higher depletion rates in the South and West for acquired Plum Creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date. Silviculture costs also increased as a result of the increased timberlands acreage. 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings increased   $15 million     14 percent   primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold as explained above. The increase in gross margin was partially offset by higher selling, general, and administrative expenses due to our integration with Plum Creek. 
    
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net sales   unaffiliated customers 
    
  Net sales to unaffiliated customers increased   $381 million     40 percent   primarily due to: 
             
    a   $235 million   increase in Southern log sales as a result of a 141 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes primarily attributable to adding acquired Plum Creek operations, partially offset by a 4 percent decrease in average sales realizations of delivered logs due to mix of sawlogs and pulp logs; 
                
    a   $61 million   increase in Northern log sales, which were acquired upon our merger with Plum Creek; and 
                
    a   $37 million   increase in Western log sales as a result of an 8 percent increase in delivered logs sales volumes primarily attributable to adding acquired Plum Creek operations, partially offset by a 2 percent decrease in average sales realizations for delivered logs. 
       
  Intersegment sales 
    
  Intersegment sales increased   $6 million     1 percent   primarily due to increased intersegment sales in the United States     $20 million  . This is attributable to higher intersegment log sales volumes attributable to the Montana operations acquired from Plum Creek, as well as an increase in average sales realizations. The increase in the United States was partially offset by a decrease in Canada intersegment sales     $14 million  . This decrease is  
  
    37 

attributable to lower log sales volumes and average log sales realizations, partially offset by higher chip sales volumes.   
    
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $351 million     30 percent   primarily due to a 69 percent increase in sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek and to higher depletion rates in the South and West for acquired Plum Creek timberlands, which were measured at fair value as of the merger date. 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings increased   $13 million     4 percent   primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold as explained above. 
    
  THIRD-PARTY LOG SALES VOLUMES AND FEE HARVEST VOLUMES  

(1) 
    The West region includes Washington and Oregon. The South region includes Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas and Oklahoma. The North region includes West Virginia, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Montana. Other includes our Canadian operations and the timberlands of the Twin Creeks Venture that we manage. 
              (2) 
    Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we report log sales and fee harvest volumes in tons. Prior period volumes have been converted from cubic meters to tons using annualized 2015 conversion factors as follows: 
     West: 1.056 m   3    = 1 ton 
  South: 0.818 m   3    = 1 ton 
  Canada: 1.244 m   3    = 1 ton 
  Uruguay: 0.907 m   3    = 1 ton 

38 

REAL ESTATE, ENERGY   NATURAL RESOURCES 
    
  How We Did   Third   Quarter and Year-to-Date   2016 

The timing of real estate sales is a function of many factors, including the general state of the economy, demand in local real estate markets, the ability to obtain entitlements, the ability of buyers to obtain financing, the number of competing properties listed for sale, the seasonal nature of sales (particularly in the northern states), the plans of adjacent landowners, our expectation of future price appreciation, the timing of harvesting activities, and the availability of government and not-for-profit funding (especially for conservation sales). In any period the average sales price per acre will vary based on the location and physical characteristics of parcels sold. 
    
  Land added as a result of our merger with Plum Creek generally carries a higher per acre cost basis compared to our other acreage as a result of measuring acquired land at fair value in acquisition accounting. As a result, our costs of products sold will vary period-to-period based on the sales mix of acquired Plum Creek acres versus acres owned by Weyerhaeuser prior to the merger. 
    
  Comparing   Third     Quarter   2016   with   Third   Quarter   2015    
    
  Net sales 
    
  Net sales increased   $26 million   attributable to: 
             
    Net real estate sales increased   $16 million  , attributable to increases in volume of timberlands acres sold. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in average price realized per acre due to mix of properties sold. 
                
    Net energy and natural resources sales increased   $10 million  , due primarily to increased sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek. 
       
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $23 million   primarily due to increased real estate and ENR sales volumes, as explained above. 
    
  Net contribution to earnings 
    
  Net contribution to earnings for the quarter decreased   $4 million     21 percent   as a result of increased general and administrative expenses.  The increase in general and administrative expenses is the result of allocating corporate overhead to the business segment in third quarter 2016, whereas in third quarter 2015 it did not receive a separate corporate allocation. 

39 

Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net sales 
    
  Net sales increased   $56 million     81 percent   attributable to: 

Net real estate sales increased   $37 million     74 percent   attributable to increases in volume of timberlands acres sold and an increase in average price realized per acre. 
                
    Net energy and natural resources sales increased   $19 million  , due primarily to increased sales volumes attributable to the operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek. 
     Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $50 million  , primarily due to increased real estate and ENR sales volumes, as explained above. 
    
  Net contribution to earnings 
    
  Net contribution to earnings decreased   $10 million     19 percent   primarily attributable to increased general and administrative expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses is the result of allocating corporate overhead to the business segment in 2016, whereas in 2015 it did not receive a separate corporate allocation. 
    
  REAL ESTATE SALES STATISTICS 

WOOD PRODUCTS 
    
  How We Did   Third   Quarter and Year-to-Date   2016 

Upon our merger with Plum Creek, we acquired five manufacturing facilities in Montana. The sales and net contribution to earnings of these facilities beginning on the merger date of February 19, 2016, are included in the  
  
    40 

results of our Wood Products segment. The results of the two acquired plywood facilities are reported in softwood plywood and the two acquired lumber facilities are reported in structural lumber. 
  The Medium Density Fiberboard (MDF) facility supplies high-quality MDF to a wide range of customers throughout North America. Some of the more common uses for our MDF include furniture and cabinet components, architectural moldings, doors, store fixtures, core material for hardwood plywood, face material for softwood plywood, commercial wall paneling and substrate for laminate flooring.  
    
  We permanently closed two of the five acquired Plum Creek mills, the lumber facility and softwood plywood facility in Columbia Falls, Montana, during the third quarter of 2016. The closure of these facilities will allow us to align the available log supply with our manufacturing capacity, including adding shifts at our Kalispell, Montana facilities, to position our Montana operations for long-term success. 
    
  Comparing   Third     Quarter   2016   with   Third   Quarter   2015    
    
  Net sales 
    
  Net sales increased   $154 million     15 percent, primarily due to: 
             
    a   $51 million   increase in medium density fiberboard sales generated from operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek; 
                
    a     $48 million   increase in oriented strand board sales, attributable to a 32 percent increase in average sales realizations; 
                
    a   $40 million   increase in lumber sales, attributable to a 8 percent increase in average realizations; and  
                
    a   $15 million   increase in plywood sales, attributable to a 15 percent increase in average sales realizations and a 27 percent increase in shipment volumes, with the volume increase due in part to acquired Plum Creek operations. 
       
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $66 million     7 percent   primarily due to increased sales volume in most product lines, mostly attributable to volumes produced and sold by operations acquired from our merger with Plum Creek.  This increase is partially offset by lower resin and manufacturing costs per unit. 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings increased   $85 million     100 percent   primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold as explained above. 
    
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net sales 
    
  Net sales increased   $352 million     12 percent, primarily attributable to: 
             
    a   $112 million   increase in medium density fiberboard sales generated from operations acquired in our merger with Plum Creek; 
                
    a   $109 million   increase in oriented strand board sales, attributable to a 22 percent increase in average sales realizations and a 2 percent increase in shipment volumes; 
                
    a   $73 million   increase in lumber sales, attributable to a 5 percent increase in shipment volumes; 
                
    a   $31 million   increase in plywood sales, attributable to a 27 percent increase in shipment volumes and 6 percent increase in average sales realizations; and 
     
    41 

a   $20 million   increase in engineered solid section, attributable to a 11 percent increase in shipment volumes, partially offset by a 4 percent decrease in average sales realizations. 
       
  Costs of products sold 
    
  Costs of products sold increased   $153 million     6 percent, primarily due to increased sales volume in most product lines, mostly attributable to volumes produced and sold by operations acquired from our merger with Plum Creek.  This increase was partially offset by lower log, resin, and manufacturing costs per unit. 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings 
    
  Operating income and Net contribution to earnings increased   $195 million     89 percent, primarily attributable to the changes in net sales and costs of products sold as explained above. 
    
  THIRD-PARTY SALES VOLUMES 

(1) 
    Sales volumes include sales of internally produced products and products purchased for resale primarily through our distribution business. 

42 

PRODUCTION AND OUTSIDE PURCHASE VOLUMES 
    
  Outside purchase volumes are primarily purchased for resale through our distribution business. Production volumes are produced for sale through our own sales organizations and through our distribution business. Production of oriented strand board and engineered solid section are also used to manufacture engineered I-joists. 

UNALLOCATED ITEMS 
    
  Unallocated items are gains or charges from continuing operations not related to or allocated to an individual operating segment. They include a portion of items such as: share-based compensation, pension and postretirement costs, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses associated with financing, equity earnings from our Timberland Venture, the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and the LIFO reserve. As a result of reclassifying our former Cellulose Fibers segment as discontinued operations, Unallocated items also includes retained indirect corporate overhead costs previously allocated to the former segment. 

43 

NET CONTRIBUTION TO EARNINGS   UNALLOCATED ITEMS 

Comparing   Third   Quarter   2016   with   Third   Quarter   2015 
    
  Changes in Unallocated Items were primarily related to: 
             
    charges recognized in third quarter 2016 related to our merger with Plum Creek (refer to    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures and Asset Impairments   )         $14 million  ; 
                
    a decrease in noncash foreign exchange losses on debt held by our Canadian entity     $19 million  ; and 
                
    equity earnings from our investment in the Timberland Venture     $8 million     which was acquired in our merger with Plum Creek.  
       
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015 
    
  Changes in Unallocated Items were primarily related to: 
             
    charges recognized year-to-date 2016 related to our merger with Plum Creek (refer to    Note 15: Charges for Integration and Restructuring, Closures and Asset Impairments   )         $132 million  ; 
                
    a pretax gain related to the sale of our Federal Way, Washington headquarters campus, which is recorded in "Other operating costs (income), net" in our    Consolidated Statement of Operations      $36 million; 
                
    noncash foreign exchange on debt held by our Canadian entity changed from a loss year-to-date 2015 to a gain year-to-date 2016     $53 million  ; 
                
    equity earnings from our investment in the Timberland Venture     $20 million     which was acquired in our merger with Plum Creek; and 
                
    a noncash impairment charge recognized in first quarter 2015 related to a nonstrategic asset that was sold in second quarter 2015     $13 million  .  

44 

INTEREST EXPENSE 
    
  Our interest expense, net of capitalized interest incurred was: 
      
  Interest expense increased $27 million compared to   third   quarter   2015   and $69 million compared to year-to-date   2015   primarily due to interest incurred on the long-term debt assumed in the Plum Creek merger and the term loans we entered into in first quarter 2016. See additional details in    Note 10: Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit   . 

INCOME TAXES 
    
  Our provision for income taxes for our continuing operations was: 
      
  The increase to our provision for income taxes, both in the   third   quarter and year-to-date 2016, is attributable to: 
             
    increased earnings for our TRS due primarily to the improved performance of our Wood Products segment and 
                
    exhaustion of our remaining federal tax credit and net operating loss carryforwards during 2016. 
       
  Refer to    Note 17: Income Taxes    for additional information. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  We are committed to maintaining an appropriate capital structure that enables us to: 
             
    protect the interests of our shareholders and lenders and 
                
    have access at all times to all major financial markets. 
       
  CASH FROM OPERATIONS 
    
  Consolidated net cash provided by our operations was: 
      
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net cash provided by our operations increased   $150 million  , primarily due to: 
             
    increased cash flows from our business segments of   $370 million  ; and 
                
    a decrease in cash paid for income taxes of   $30 million  . 
       
  These increases were partially offset by:  
             
    decreased operating cash flows from discontinued operations of   $56 million  ; 
                
    an increase in cash paid for interest of   $77 million   corresponding with our increased average indebtedness; and 
                
    cash payments made in 2016 related to the Plum Creek merger of   $85 million  . Cash payments for merger-related costs were comprised of: 
                
    investment banking and other professional services fees     $6 million  ; 
                
    termination benefits     $33 million  ; 
                
    settlement of Value Management Awards     $5 million  ; 
     
    45 

pension and postretirement benefits     $37 million  ; and 
                
    other merger-related costs     $4 million  .  
       
  See    Performance Measures    for our Adjusted EBITDA by segment. 
    
  CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
    
  Consolidated net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was: 
      
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net cash from investing activities increased   $915 million  , primarily due to: 
             
    $440 million   of proceeds from our contribution of timberlands to the Twin Creeks joint venture in second quarter 2016; 
                
    $287 million   of proceeds from the sale of our liquid packaging board business in third quarter 2016;  
                
    $92 million   of proceeds from the sale of nonstrategic assets, including our former corporate headquarters property; and  
                
    $34 million   of cash distributions constituting a return of our investment in our various joint ventures. 
       
  Summary of Capital Spending by Business Segment 

We anticipate that our net capital expenditures for   2016     excluding acquisitions   will be approximately   $540 million  . 
    
  Our agreement to sell our pulp manufacturing business to International Paper (see    Note 3: Discontinued Operations   ) provides for reimbursement of certain expenditures we incur to complete ongoing capital projects at our Port Wentworth pulp mill. According to the terms of the agreement, we anticipate that we will be reimbursed for approximately   $30 million   of our anticipated 2016 net capital expenditures following the close of the sale to International Paper, which is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
    
  Consolidated net cash used in financing activities was: 
      
  Comparing Year-to-Date   2016   with Year-to-Date   2015    
    
  Net cash used in financing activities increased   $766 million   primarily due to the following: 
             
    repayment of Plum Creek's line of credit and term loan outstanding at the merger date     $720 million  , 
     
    46 

increase in cash paid to repurchase common shares     $1.5 billion  , and 
                
    increase in cash dividends paid     $240 million  . 
       
  These outflows were offset by   $1.7 billion   of proceeds from issuance of new term loan credit facilities subsequent to the merger date. 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  Weyerhaeuser Company has a $1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in September 2018. There were no borrowings under our credit facility in year-to-date   2016   or   2015  , and as of   September 30, 2016  , the entire $1 billion remained available for borrowing. 
    
  Assumed Debt and Debt Repayments 
    
  In connection with the merger with Plum Creek, Weyerhaeuser Company either assumed or repaid Plum Creek's outstanding long-term debt instruments. The long-term debt instruments assumed consisted of:  
             
    two issuances of publicly traded Senior Notes,  
                
    an Installment Note and  
                
    the Note Payable to Timberland Venture. 
       
  For additional information on long-term debt instruments assumed, see    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 10: Long-Term Debt and Lines of Credit   . 
    
  Concurrent with the merger, Weyerhaeuser repaid in full the outstanding balances of Plum Creek's Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan using   $720 million   of cash on hand. There were no payments of debt in 2015. 
    
  In the next 12 months   $1,981 million   of long-term debt is scheduled to mature, including the Term Loan Credit Facilities discussed below. 
    
  Term Loan Credit Facilities 
    
  In February 2016, Weyerhaeuser Company entered into a   $600 million   18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in August 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $600 million   outstanding under this facility. 
    
  In March 2016, Weyerhaeuser Company entered into a   $1.9 billion   18-month senior unsecured term loan maturing in September 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $1.1 billion   outstanding under this facility. 
    
  Debt Covenants 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Weyerhaeuser Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. There have been no significant changes during   third   quarter 2016 to the debt covenants presented in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K for our existing long-term debt instruments. The debt covenants for the Senior Notes assumed through our merger with Plum Creek and the debt covenants for the new term loans issued in February 2016 and March 2016 do not differ materially from our debt covenants presented in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  On April 28, 2016, the Installment Note Payable was amended to align the agreement's debt covenants with our term loans' covenants.  
    
  When calculating compliance in accordance with financial debt covenants, we exclude the impact of our pension and other post-retirement plans recorded within cumulative other comprehensive income from adjusted shareholders' interest (equity). The excluded amounts are   $1,358 million   and   $1,425 million   and are equal to the cumulative actuarial losses and prior service costs for our pension and post-retirement plans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively (see    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 13: Cumulative Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   ). 

47 

Option Exercises 
    
  We received cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of: 
      
  Our average stock price was   $29.74   and   $32.18   in year-to-date   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Paying Dividends and Repurchasing Stock 
    
  We paid cash dividends on common shares of: 
      
  The increase in dividends paid is due in part to an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.29 to   $0.31   per share in the third quarter of 2015 and in part to an increase in total shares outstanding. 
    
  We repurchased   9,775,873   shares of common stock for   $306 million   (including transaction fees) during third quarter   2016   and   67,816,810   shares for   $2.0 billion   (including transaction fees) during year-to-date   2016   under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. The 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization was approved in November 2015 by our Board of Directors and authorized management to repurchase up to   $2.5 billion   of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with Plum Creek. This new authorization replaced the August 2015 share repurchase authorization. Transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchases under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. All common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had remaining authorization of   $500 million   for future stock repurchases. 
    
  We record share repurchases upon trade date as opposed to the settlement date when cash is disbursed. We record a liability to account for repurchases that have not been cash settled. There were   no   unsettled repurchases as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 

PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
    
  We use Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) as a key performance measure to evaluate the performance of the consolidated company and our business segments. This measure should not be considered in isolation from and is not intended to represent an alternative to our results reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). However, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides meaningful supplemental information for investors about our operating performance, better facilitates period to period comparisons, and is widely used by analysts, lenders, rating agencies and other interested parties. 
    
  Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Due to recent organizational changes and our February 19, 2016 merger with Plum Creek, effective for 2016, we have revised our definition of Adjusted EBITDA to add back the basis of real estate sold. We have revised our prior-period presentation to conform to our current reporting. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA, as we define it, is operating income from continuing operations adjusted for depreciation, depletion, amortization, basis of real estate sold, pension and postretirement costs not allocated to business segments (primarily interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial loss and amortization of prior service cost/credit), and special items. Adjusted EBITDA excludes results from joint ventures. 

48 

ADJUSTED EBITDA BY SEGMENT 

We reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to net earnings for the consolidated company and to operating income for the business segments, as those are the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures for each. The table below reconciles Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1)  
    Special items include:   $14 million     of Plum Creek merger-related costs. 

49 

The table below reconciles Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  : 

The table below reconciles Adjusted EBITDA for the year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1)  
    Special items include:   $132 million   of Plum Creek merger-related costs,   $36 million   gain on sale of non-strategic assets, and   $11 million   of legal expense. 

50 

The table below reconciles Adjusted EBITDA for the year-to-date period ended   September 30, 2015  : 

(1)    Special items include: a   $13 million   noncash impairment charge related to a nonstrategic asset. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Our critical accounting policies are discussed in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result of the impact to our financial statements from our merger with Plum Creek, we now consider the following accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The following are information updates, and should be read in conjunction with, the critical accounting policies disclosed in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Timber Depletion 
    
  We record depletion   the costs attributed to timber harvested   as trees are harvested. 
  To calculate our depletion rate, which is updated annually, we: 
             
    take the total carrying cost of the timber and 
                
    divide by the total timber volume estimated to be harvested during the harvest cycle. 
       
  Estimating the volume of timber available for harvest over the harvest cycle requires the consideration of the following factors: 
             
    effects of fertilizer and pesticide applications, 
                
    changes in environmental regulations and other regulatory restrictions, 
                
    limits on harvesting certain timberlands, 
                
    changes in harvest plans,  
                
    scientific advancement in seedling and growing technology; and 
                
    changes in weather patterns. 
       
  In addition, the duration of the harvest cycle varies by geographic region and species of timber.  

51 

Depletion rate calculations do not include estimates for: 
             
    future silviculture or sustainable forest management costs associated with existing stands, 
                
    future reforestation costs associated with a stand s final harvest; and  
                
    future volume in connection with the replanting of a stand subsequent to its final harvest. 
       
  A 5 percent decrease in our estimate of future harvest volumes would have: 
      
  Business Combinations 
    
  We recognize identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions for the purchase price allocation process to value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to any goodwill previously recorded (or to earnings in the event that no goodwill was previously recorded) to the extent that we identify adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation. Beginning January 1, 2016, we have adopted ASU 2015-16, which eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply measurement period adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation and revise comparative information on the income statement and balance sheet for any prior periods affected. We will recognize measurement period adjustments and any resulting effect on earnings during the period in which the adjustment is identified. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

LONG-TERM INDEBTEDNESS OBLIGATIONS 
    
  The following summary of our long-term indebtedness obligations includes: 
             
    all future cash obligations arising from our long-term indebtedness; 
                
    scheduled principal repayments for the next five years and after; 
                
    weighted average interest rates for debt maturing in each of the next five years and after; and 
                
    estimated fair values of outstanding obligations. 
       
  We estimate the fair value of our debt instruments using quoted market prices we received for the same types and issues of our debt or on the discounted value of the future cash flows using market yields for the same type and comparable issues of debt. Changes in market rates of interest affect the fair value of our fixed-rate debt. 
    
  SUMMARY OF LONG-TERM INDEBTEDNESS PRINCIPAL OBLIGATIONS AS OF   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

52 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  , based on an evaluation of the company s disclosure controls and procedures as of that date. 
    
  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS 
    
  As a result of our February 2016 merger with Plum Creek, the company is implementing internal controls over significant processes specific to the acquisition that management believes are appropriate in consideration of related integration of operations, systems, control activities, and accounting for the merger and merger-related transactions. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we are in the process of further integrating the acquired Plum Creek operations into our overall internal controls over financial reporting. 
    
  Except as described above, no changes occurred in the company s internal control over financial reporting during   third   quarter   2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  Refer to     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 12: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies.   

RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  
    53 

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  INFORMATION ABOUT COMMON SHARE REPURCHASES DURING THIRD QUARTER 2016 
    
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

During   third   quarter   2016  , we repurchased   9,775,873   shares of common stock for   $306 million   (including transaction fees) under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. We repurchased   67,816,810   shares of common stock for   $2.0 billion   (including transaction fees) during year-to-date   2016   under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. The 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization was approved in November 2015 by our Board of Directors and authorized management to repurchase up to   $2.5 billion   of outstanding shares subsequent to the closing of our merger with Plum Creek. This new authorization replaced the August 2015 share repurchase authorization. Transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchases under the 2016 Share Repurchase Authorization. All common stock purchases under the stock repurchase program were made in open-market transactions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had remaining authorization of   $500 million   for future stock repurchases. 
    
  We record share repurchases upon trade date as opposed to the settlement date when cash is disbursed. We record a liability to account for repurchases that have not been cash settled. There were no unsettled repurchases as of   September 30, 2016  , or   December 31, 2015  . 

54 

EXHIBITS   

*Exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The company will furnish a copy of any such omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request but may request confidential treatment for any exhibit or schedule so furnished.   

55 

Signature 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 
        
    Date: 
    October 28, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ Jeanne M. Hillman 

Jeanne M. Hillman 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

56 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 wy-93016xex101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1  
    
  REDEMPTION AGREEMENT 

This REDEMPTION AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the 30   th    day of August, 2016, by and among Southern Diversified Timber, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Company ), Plum Creek Timber Operations I, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ( PC Member ), TCG Member, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company     ( TCG Member ) and the other parties listed on the signature pages hereto.  Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein have the meaning specified in the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Southern Diversified Timber, LLC, effective October 1, 2008, as amended from time to time (the  LLC Agreement ). 

RECITALS 
    
  A.  TCG Member and PC Member entered into a Contribution Agreement dated August 22, 2008, which contemplated the formation of the Company, the contribution by TCG Member of $783,000,000 to the Company in exchange for a membership interest therein, and the contribution by PC Member of 100% of the equity interests in Plum Creek Contribution Partner, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (which owned and leased certain timberlands, real property and personal property), to the Company in exchange for an equity interest therein (the  Contribution Agreement ). 
    
  B.  The Company was formed as a limited liability company on September 24, 2008, pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6. Del. Code Sec. 18-101 et seq.). 
    
  C.  In accordance with the LLC Agreement, TCG Member made a capital contribution of $783,000,000 to the Company in exchange for a common interest therein (the  TCG Member Interest ), PC Member made an in-kind contribution of, and assigned, 100% of the equity interests in Plum Creek Contribution Partner, LLC, to the Company in exchange for a common interest and preferred interest therein, and Plum Creek Contribution Partner, LLC was merged with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving entity. 
    
  D.  The LLC Agreement provides that at any time after the seventh anniversary of the date when property and capital were contributed to the Company by PC Member and TCG Member, but before June 30, 2016, TCG Member has the right to cause the TCG Member Interest to be redeemed by the Company in exchange for a distribution with a Fair Market Value equal to TCG Member s Capital Account as adjusted to reflect the Fair Market Value of the Company s assets at such time in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) (the  TCG Member Capital Account Balance ). 
    
  E.  The Company has formed Southern Diversified, LLC (formerly Southern Diversified Timber Temporary, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, as a wholly-owned subsidiary (the  Subsidiary ) and commenced the assignment and contribution to the Subsidiary of the Company s right, title and interest in the real property specified on   Schedule A   hereto (the  Properties ), the long term timber leases specified on   Schedule B   hereto (the  Leases ), the contracts, leases and permits specified on   Schedule C   hereto (the  Contracts ), the timber sale agreements  
  
      sf-3683812 

specified on   Schedule D   hereto (the  Timber Sale Agreements ), and all personal property, intangible property and operating assets specified on   Schedule E   hereto the (collectively,  Operating Assets  and together with the Properties, the Leases, the Contracts, the Timber Sale Agreements and the Operating Assets, the  Subsidiary Property ). 
    
  F.  On June 27, 2016, pursuant to the LLC Agreement, TCG Member issued a redemption notice to the Company and PC Member which provides that TCG elected to exercise its right to have the TCG Member Interest redeemed by the Company in accordance with the LLC Agreement.  The Company and PC Member acknowledged such election and agreed to undertake the redemption of the TCG Member Interest in exchange for 100% of the equity interests in the Subsidiary (which shall own all of the Subsidiary Property at the Closing) plus cash in an amount equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of the TCG Member Capital Account Balance and the Subsidiary Property. 
    
  G.  Immediately prior to the Redemption (as defined below) Weyerhaeuser NR Company, a Washington corporation (the  WNR Member ) shall be admitted as a member of the Company with an interest of 1% of the Company s common interests in exchange for the contribution by it of $9,600,000 to the Company. 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
    
  1.  Redemption  . 
    
  (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (i) the TCG Member Interest shall be redeemed at the Closing (as defined below), (ii) the Company shall distribute, sell, assign, transfer and convey to TCG Member 100% of the equity interests in the Subsidiary (which shall own all of the Subsidiary Property at the Closing), and (iii) the Company shall pay        an amount in cash to TCG Member equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value (as determined in accordance with Section 2(c) below) of the TCG Member Capital Account Balance and the Subsidiary Property at the Closing (clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), being referred to herein, collectively, as the  Redemption ). 
    
  (b)  Immediately following Redemption, TCG Member shall become the sole member of, and have an undivided 100% interest in the Subsidiary, TCG Member shall no longer be a Member of the Company, and PC Member and the WNR Member shall continue as the Members of the Company (the  Remaining Members ). 
    
  (c)  To the extent that the cash received by TCG Member at the Closing is less than the difference between the Fair Market Value of the TCG Member Capital Account Balance and the Fair Market Value of the Subsidiary Property at the Closing (with the Fair Market Value determined, in each case, in accordance with Section 2(c) below), the Company shall pay an amount of cash equal to such shortfall to TCG Member no later than 30 calendar days following the Closing. 
    
  2.  Closing  .  The transaction contemplated by this Agreement, including the Redemption, shall occur at 5:00 p.m. (Pacific) on August 31, 2016 (the  Closing ) at the offices of the Company, One S.W. Columbia, Suite 1700, Portland, OR 97258, or at such other place as the TCG Member and the PC Member may mutually agree upon. 

2 

(a)  On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall deposit the following with the Subsidiary (with copies to TCG Member as TCG Member may reasonably request) upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent described in Section 8 below: 
    
  (i)  all deeds, assignments, and/or other conveyance instruments (or their local equivalent) as necessary or appropriate under applicable law ( Deeds ) to convey to the Subsidiary fee simple title or leasehold title of the Properties, in each case in recordable form and subject only to applicable Permitted Exceptions (as defined below);  
    
  (ii)  duly executed counterparts of the assignment and assumption agreements under which the Company assigned to the Subsidiary and the Subsidiary assumed all of the Company s right, title and interest in and to the Leases, Contracts, and Timber Sale Agreements;  
    
  (iii)  a bill of sale and assignment, duly executed by the Company conveying to the Subsidiary, to the extent assignable, any and all of the Company s interest in the Operating Assets; 
    
  (iv)  Copies of notices issued to the tenants of the Properties, duly executed by the Company, informing the tenants of the transfer of the Company s interest in the Properties to the Subsidiary and, if applicable, the Subsidiary s future liability for their security deposits under applicable leases; 
    
  (v)  A certificate, prepared in accordance with Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Code ), and the regulations thereunder, duly executed by the Company, certifying its non-foreign status; 
    
  (vi)  Each of the Deeds, Leases, Contracts, Timber Sale Agreements, in original form if available, or otherwise a copy thereof; 
    
  (vii)  Each tenant file, ledger card, rent roll and material correspondence relating to tenants or vendors to the Properties; 
    
  (viii)  All keys for any improvements and operating assets to the extent they are in the possession or control of the Company; 
    
  (ix)  All such other documents duly executed by the Company and the Subsidiary as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to consummate the transaction contemplated herein, including any certifications, statements or affidavits reasonably required in connection with (y) the assignment of any title insurance policies to the Subsidiary, and (z) the determination of state, county and local transfer taxes applicable to the transaction, including an owner s affidavit and gap indemnity in a form reasonably acceptable to the TCG Member; and 
    
  (x)  All funds reasonably necessary to close the transaction contemplated by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and necessary to pay the closing costs and expenses related to the transaction contemplated hereunder (other than those costs and expenses that are required to be paid by the Company), including title insurance, escrow fees, recording fees and any applicable transfer taxes. 
  
   3 

(b)  On or prior to the Closing, TCG Member shall deposit with the Company at the Closing upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent described in Section 8, all documents duly executed by TCG Member as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to consummate the transaction contemplated herein, including any certifications, statements or affidavits reasonably required in connection with (y) the assignment of title insurance policies, and (z) the determination of state, county and local transfer taxes applicable to the transaction including a certificate, prepared in accordance with Section 1445 of the Code and the regulations thereunder duly executed by TCG Member, certifying its non-foreign status and the Designation of Tax Matters Partner for Southern Diversified Timber, LLC, the form of which is set forth on   Exhibit A   hereto.  
    
  (c)  At least two business days prior to the Closing, the Company, PC Member and TCG Member shall confer with respect to the Fair Market Value of the TCG Member Capital Account, the Fair Market Value of the Subsidiary Property and other monies required to effectuate the Redemption and the Closing and execute a settlement statement based on the estimated August 31, 2016 balance sheet (the  Initial Settlement Statement ) to be mutually agreed upon prior to the Closing.  The Initial Settlement Statement and the Final Settlement Statement (as defined below) shall provide line items reflecting the mutually agreed upon (subject to Section 13(b) below) Fair Market Value of the TCG Member Capital Account Balance and Subsidiary Property at the Closing;   provided   that the Fair Market Value of the promissory note (the  Note ) with Plum Creek Ventures I, LLC, as borrower, and the Properties shall be as set forth on   Schedule F   hereto.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the parties are unable to reach mutual agreement on such items prior to the Closing, the TCG Member shall be entitled to redeem the TCG Member Interest at the scheduled Closing in exchange for the Subsidiary Property and invoke the appraisal process specified in Section 9.17 of the LLC Agreement in order to determine any additional amounts due pursuant to Section 1(c) above. 
    
  (d)  All closing costs and expenses related to the transaction contemplated hereunder, including title insurance, escrow fees, recording fees and any applicable transfer taxes shall be accounted for as costs incurred by the Company and allocated among TCG Member and the Company as set forth in the Final Settlement Statement. 
    
  3.  Title  . Upon distribution of 100% of the equity in the Subsidiary to the TCG Member at the Closing, the Subsidiary shall own all right, title and interest in the Subsidiary Property (with applicable interests recorded in the official records of each applicable state and county) subject to mutually agreed upon exceptions to title specified in   Schedule G   (the  Permitted Exceptions ). 
    
  4.  The Effect of the Redemption  . 
    
  (a)  The parties acknowledge that the value of the TCG Member Interest reflects TCG Member s Capital Account as adjusted to reflect the Fair Market Value of the Company s assets immediately prior to the Closing in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f).  
    
  (b)  Distributions and payments made to TCG Member in accordance with Section 1 shall be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as payments in liquidation of the TCG Member Interest, within the meaning of section 736(b) of the Code, and TCG Member shall accordingly cease to be a  partner  in the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  In connection with such  
  
   4 

liquidation, the Company shall apply the interim closing of the books method  under Code section 706 and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder using the calendar day convention.  
    
  (c)  Except for the pro-rations allowed or payable to TCG Member as set forth in the Initial Settlement Statement and other amounts due to TCG Member under this Agreement, TCG Member shall assign and transfer to the Company, effective upon the Closing, all of TCG Member s right, title and interest in the Company, and execute and deliver to the Company any additional documentation requested by the Company in order to confirm such redemption and the withdrawal of TCG Member as a Member in the Company.  
    
  (d)  To the extent that any liabilities directly attributable to the operations of the Company since the date of the Company s formation to the Closing were not previously allocated among PC Member and TCG Member and are not reflected in the Final Settlement Statement, such liabilities shall be allocated between the Company and the Subsidiary (and the successors of the Company and the Subsidiary, respectively) on the basis of the relative Capital Accounts of PC Member and TCG Member as calculated immediately prior to the initial Redemption payment (taking into account all Capital Account book-ups made in connection with the Redemption and assuming for this purpose that PC Member represents the interests of the Company and the TCG Member represents the interests of the Subsidiary);   provided  ,   however  , that 100% of (x) any tax liabilities, costs or expenses (including attorney fees, costs and expenses) relating to or arising from IRS adjustments to the Form 1065 of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2008, as set forth in the Notice of Final Partnership Adjustment dated July 20, 2016, any adjustments arising therefrom in a subsequent period, and any litigation of any such matters (but not any other tax liabilities attributable to the operations of the Company or transactions of the Company during the period extending from the Effective Date specified under the LLC Agreement to the Closing), without regard to the timing of actual payments or settlement of such adjustments shall be allocated for this purpose solely to the Company, PC Member and their respective Affiliates ( FPA Adjustments ), and (y) any liabilities directly attributable to any gross negligence or willful misconduct of the TCG / Southern Diversified Manager, LLC (the  Former Manager ) shall be allocated for this purpose solely to the TCG Member. 
    
  (e)  Immediately following the Closing:  
    
  (i)     The Limited Liability Company Agreement for Southern Diversified, LLC shall be amended and restated to reflect that TCG Member is the sole member of the Subsidiary and has full power and authority to manage the Subsidiary s business, property and affairs; 
    
  (ii)    The Former Manager shall resign and withdraw from the Company as Manager and shall be replaced as the Company s  tax matters partner   pursuant to the Designation of Tax Matters Partner for Southern Diversified Timber, LLC, the form of which is set forth in   Exhibit A   hereto; 
    
  (iii)     A replacement Manager shall have been appointed to manage the Company or the LLC Agreement shall have been modified to provide that the Company shall be member managed; 
    
  (iv)     a certificate of amendment to the Company s certificate of formation shall be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State within 15 days following the Closing to change the name of the Company to  Weyerhaeuser SDT, LLC  
  
   5 

(v)     the Timber Harvest Agreement entered into between the Southern Diversified LogCo LLC and the Company dated October 1, 2008, as amended, shall terminate and have no further effect;  
    
  (vi)     the Property Management Agreement entered into between Campbell Global, LLC (formerly The Campbell Group, LLC) and the Company shall terminate and have no further effect; and  
    
  (vii)     the LLC Agreement shall be amended and restated as necessary to reflect the matters set forth herein.  
    
  5.  Representations, Warranties and Covenants  .  The TCG Member represents and warrants to and covenants with the Company that as of the Closing: 
    
  (a)  The TCG Member Interest is free and clear of all liens, security interests, encumbrances, charges, pledges, claims of others, commitments, agreements or equitable interests of any kind whatsoever, the TCG Member is the sole owner of the TCG Member Interest, and the TCG Member has complete and unrestricted right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and redeem the TCG Member Interest, or any part thereof; 
    
  (b)  This Agreement and the documents and instruments to be executed and/or delivered by the TCG Member pursuant hereto or in connection herewith have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it; all consents and approvals required by it in connection herewith have been obtained; and it has all the necessary power and authority to perform its obligations under this Agreement; 
    
  (c)  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not conflict with or constitute a breach of or a default under any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or to which it is bound; 
    
  (d)  It is familiar with the business and operations of the Company, has made its own independent investigation and has obtained all information it considers necessary or appropriate in electing to redeem its TCG Member Interest; and 
    
  (e)  All financial statements provided to the Members prior to Closing pursuant to Section 11.2 of the LLC Agreement met the requirements of the LLC Agreement, no material default exists with respect to any material obligations of the Company, and no material litigation is pending against the Company or the Properties.     
    
  6.  Representations, Warranties and Covenants  .  The Company represents and warrants to and covenants with TCG Member and PC Member that as of the Closing: 
    
  (a)  Subject to Permitted Exceptions (i) all of the Subsidiary Property specified on   Schedules A  ,   B  ,   C  ,   D  , and   E   hereto have been unconditionally and irrevocably assigned, transferred, set over and contributed to Subsidiary, (ii) the Subsidiary Property shall be owned by the Subsidiary at the Closing, free and clear of all liens, security interests, encumbrances, charges, pledges, claims of others, commitments, agreements or equitable interests of any kind whatsoever, and (iii) the Company is the sole owner of the Subsidiary and has complete and unrestricted right, power and  
  
   6 

authority to enter into this Agreement and distribute 100% of the equity interests in the Subsidiary (and its indirect interest in all Subsidiary Property) to the TCG Member; 
    
  (b)  This Agreement and the documents and instruments to be executed and/or delivered by the Company pursuant hereto or in connection herewith have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company; all consents and approvals required by the Company in connection herewith have been obtained; and the Company has all necessary power and authority to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and  
    
  (c)  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not conflict with or constitute a breach of or a default under any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or to which it is bound. 
    
  7.  Indemnification  .  From and after the Closing: 
    
  (a)  The TCG Member, the Subsidiary, Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI, L.P. and Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI-A, L.P. will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its members, shareholders, officers, directors, principals, agents and representatives, from and against all losses, costs, liabilities, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and costs and court costs and the fees and costs of expert witnesses and consultants) arising from or incurred by reason of (i) all liabilities allocated to TCG Member pursuant to Section 4(d) above, and (ii) any breach of the TCG Member s representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement (except to the extent any such breach is due to any action or inaction of the PC Member or the Company which is not directly attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the TCG Member or its Affiliates). 
    
  (b)  The Company will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the TCG Member and its members, shareholders, officers, directors, principals, agents and representatives, from and against all losses, costs, liabilities, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and costs and court costs and the fees and costs of expert witnesses and consultants) arising from or incurred by reason of (i) all liabilities allocated to the Company and PC Member pursuant to Section 4(d) above, and (ii) any breach of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement (except to the extent any such breach is due to the action or inaction of the TCG Member or the Former Manager which is not directly attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the PC Member or its Affiliates).  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement to the contrary, each of the Company, PC Member and the WNR Member shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the TCG Member and its Affiliates from and against, and in no event shall TCG Member or its Affiliates bear, any liabilities, costs, or expenses relating to or arising out of the FPA Adjustments. 
    
  (c)  This Section 7 shall survive until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. 

7 

8.  Conditions Precedent  .  
    
  (a)  Conditions Precedent to the Company s Obligation to Close  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless otherwise waived by the Company and PC Member, the Company s obligation to consummate the transaction contemplated hereunder shall be contingent upon: 
    
  (i)    The representations and warranties of TCG Member contained herein being true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing; and 
    
  (ii)    The performance by TCG Member of every material obligation to be performed by TCG Member hereunder on or prior to the Closing, including the execution and delivery of all documents required to be delivered by TCG Member hereunder. 
    
  (b)  Conditions Precedent to TCG Member s Obligation to Close  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless otherwise waived by the TCG Member, TCG Member s obligation to consummate the transaction contemplated hereunder shall be contingent upon: 
    
  (i)    The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein being true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing; 
    
  (ii)    The performance by the Company of every material obligation to be performed by the Company hereunder on or prior to the Closing including the execution and delivery of all documents required to be delivered by the Company hereunder; and 
    
  (iii)    The performance by the Company of every material obligation to be performed by the Company under Section 9.8 of the LLC Agreement. 
    
  9.  WNR Member  .  Each party to this Agreement hereby confirms and consents to WNR Member being admitted as a member of the Company immediately prior to the Redemption with an interest of 1% of the Common Interests in exchange for the contribution of $9,600,000, pursuant to the LLC Agreement. 
    
  10.  Remedies  .  Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the failure of the Closing to occur in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the LLC Agreement shall render the Redemption ineffective and the LLC Agreement in full force and effect as it was on the date immediately prior to the Closing (except that TCG Member shall continue to have the right to redeem the TCG Member Interest in accordance with, and shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under, the terms of the LLC Agreement until such time as such redemption is complete).  In the event that the Closing fails to occur due to any failure by the parties to agree upon the Fair Market Value of the Company s assets on or before the Closing in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), any party hereto may pursue the valuation process reflected in Section 9.17 of the LLC Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge that there would be no adequate remedy at law if either party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, and accordingly agree that, in addition to any other remedy that either party may be entitled to at law or in equity, each shall be entitled to compel specific performance of the obligations of the other under this Agreement, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in any court having jurisdiction. 

8 

11.  Condemnation/Casualty  .  
    
  (a)      If at any time prior to the Closing:  
    
  (i)  any portion of the Properties have been damaged or destroyed by fire, natural disaster or other cause, the Company shall notify TCG Member of any such damage or destruction, and with respect to such damage and/or destruction and the repair thereof, keep TCG Member advised of all communications with any insurer, government officials, contractors or other consultants (All monies received by the Company after the Closing on account of said damage or destruction shall be paid over to TCG Member upon receipt if such damage or destruction was not taken into account in calculating the Fair Market Value of the Properties at the Closing); and 
    
  (ii)  any entity possessing the right of eminent domain shall give notice of an intention to take or acquire all or a portion of the Property, either permanently or as a temporary taking (a  Taking ), the Company shall promptly and without delay notify TCG Member of said potential Taking and any compensation received by the Company after the Closing as a result of any Taking shall be paid over to TCG Member upon receipt if such Taking was not taken into account in calculating the Fair Market Value of the Properties at the Closing.  
    
  (b)      The Company shall not agree to any settlement, payment and/or adjustment with any insurer or other party in connection with a claim relating to damage or destruction affecting the Properties prior to the Closing or with respect to a Taking, including any consideration to be paid with respect thereto, without TCG Member s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, and shall keep TCG Member advised in a prompt and timely manner with respect to any negotiations regarding the same.  The Company shall not initiate a lawsuit or other claims or administrative procedure with respect to any of the matters covered by this Section 11 without TCG Member s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.  
    
  12.  Notices  .  All written notices and demands of any kind that either party may be required or may desire to give to the other party in connection with this Agreement may be delivered by (i) personal service; (ii) registered or certified mail (postage pre-paid); (iii) by electronic transmission (followed by next day overnight delivery service), or (iv) by next day overnight delivery service.  Any such notice or demand shall be addressed to the parties as listed in this Section 12.  Service of any such notice or demand shall be deemed complete upon receipt in the event of personal service, on the third business day after deposit in the U.S. mail if sent via registered or certified mail, and on the next business day if sent via electronic transmission and/or overnight delivery service, if sent to each party at the address set forth below with the required proper postage: 
    
    If to the Company: 
    
  Plum Creek Timber Operations I, L.L.C. 
  c/o Weyerhaeuser Company 
  220 Occidental Ave S. 
  Seattle, WA 98104 
  Attn: Devin Stockfish, Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
  Facsimile: 253-924-2685 

9 

with a copy to: 
    
  Southern Diversified, LLC 
  One S.W. Columbia, Suite 1700  
  Portland, OR 97258 
  Attn: Kyle Stinchfield, Esq., General Counsel,  
  Facsimile: 503-275-9667 
    
  If to the Former Manager: 
    
  TCG / Southern Diversified Manager, LLC 
  One S.W. Columbia, Suite 1700  
  Portland, OR 97258 
  Attn: Kyle Stinchfield, Esq., General Counsel,  
  Facsimile: 503-275-9667 
    
  If to TCG Member: 
    
  TCG Member, LLC 
  One S.W. Columbia, Suite 1700  
  Portland, OR 97258 
  Attn: Kyle Stinchfield, Esq., General Counsel,  
  Facsimile: 503-275-9667 
    
    If to PC Member: 
    
  Plum Creek Timber Operations I, L.L.C. 
  c/o Weyerhaeuser Company 
  220 Occidental Avenue S. 
  Seattle, WA 98104 
  Attn: Devin Stockfish, Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
  Facsimile: 253-924-2685 
    
    If to WNR Member: 
    
  Weyerhaeuser NR Company 
  220 Occidental Avenue S. 
  Seattle, WA 98104 
  Attn: Devin Stockfish, Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
  Facsimile: 253-924-2685 
  If to the Subsidiary: 
    
  Southern Diversified, LLC 
  One S.W. Columbia, Suite 1700  
  Portland, OR 97258 
  Attn: Kyle Stinchfield, Esq., General Counsel  
  Facsimile: 503-275-9667 

10 

Any party, by written notice to the others in the manner herein provided, may designate an address different from that set forth above.  Notices required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be delivered prior to 5 p.m. (Pacific Time) on the date such notice is due.  Notices may be delivered by a party s attorney on the party s behalf. 
    
  13.  Final Settlement Statement and Books and Records  . 
    
  (a)  The Company, PC Member and TCG Member will consult with one another in good faith so that within 30 days after the Closing, TCG Member will deliver to PC Member and the Company the type of financial reports required by Section 11.2(a)(1)(i) of the LLC Agreement as of the date of Closing and for the period from July 1, 2016 to the date of the Closing, which financial reports shall be certified by the TCG Member  in a manner consistent with the certification called for by Section 11.2(a)(1)(i) of the LLC Agreement.  
    
  (b)  Within five (5) business days following the delivery and receipt of the financial reports pursuant to Section 13(a) above, PC Member and TCG Member shall confer in good faith to update the Initial Settlement Statement to give effect to such financial reports (such updated Initial Settlement Statement, the  Final Settlement Statement ).  In the event that PC Member and TCG Member are unable to mutually agree on the Final Settlement Statement within ten (10) business days following the delivery and receipt of the financial reports pursuant to Section 13(a) above, PC Member and TCG Member shall submit such disagreements to a nationally recognized accounting firm as is reasonably acceptable to PC Member and TCG Member, and such accounting firm shall finalize the Final Settlement Statement.  Within five (5) business days following the finalization of the Final Settlement Statement, the Company or TCG Member, as applicable, shall wire the appropriate amount in cash to the Company or TCG Member, as applicable, to reflect the changes from the Initial Balance Sheet in the Final Balance Sheet (which amounts shall not reflect any interest on such payment). 
    
  (c)  Each of the Company, the Subsidiary, TCG Member, and the Former Manager shall provide the parties hereto with reasonable access to the books and records prepared in accordance with Article XI of the LLC Agreement (for the period extending until the Closing) which they have in their possession.  Each party shall maintain such books and records for a period of at least 10 years and, prior to disposing of the same, shall afford the other parties the opportunity to obtain copies of such books and records. 
    
  14.  Miscellaneous  . 
    
  (a)  Any allocations, pro-rations or other calculations pursuant to this Agreement that take into account Members  relative Capital Accounts shall exclude the Capital Account of WNR Member;   provided  ,   however  , that amounts contributed to the Company by the WNR Member shall be available to satisfy the Company s obligations under this Agreement. 
    
  (b)  This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, administrators, executors, personal representatives, successors and assigns, (ii) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, (iii) may be executed in any number of identical counterparts (which may be effectively delivered by facsimile or PDF or other electronic format and attached to an email), all or any of which may contain the signatures of fewer than all of the parties, and all of which shall be constructed together as a single instrument, (iv) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified, amended or otherwise  
  
   11 

changed in any manner except by a writing executed by the parties hereto, and (v) the exhibits attached hereto are incorporated herein as if a substantive component hereof. 
    
  (c)  The captions of the various sections of this Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit the terms hereof.  The undersigned agree that each and every provision of this Agreement and the documents and instruments executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement have been mutually negotiated, prepared and drafted, each party has been represented by counsel of its own choosing, and in connection with the construction of any of the provisions herein or in such other documents or instruments or any deletions therefrom, no consideration shall be given to the issue of which party actually prepared, drafted, requested or negotiated any provision or deletion. 
    
  (d)  If any litigation, judicial reference or arbitration proceeding is commenced between the parties hereto concerning this Agreement and/or the rights and obligations of either party in relation herewith (including, but not limited to, claims in contract, tort or equity), the party prevailing in such litigation or arbitration proceeding, or the non-dismissing party in the event of a dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to a reasonable sum for any and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys  fees, expert witness fees, consultants  fees, court costs, cost of paralegals, accounts, business office expenses of any kind or nature, including, but not limited to, staff, traveling expenses, telephone expenses, internal bookkeeping and accounting and any and all other costs and expenses of defense or prosecution incurred in connection therewith, whether specified herein or not.  Any such attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred by the prevailing or non-dismissing party in enforcing a judgment in its favor under this Agreement, whether or not suit is filed, shall be recoverable separately from and in addition to any other amount included in such judgment or award, and such obligation is intended to be severable from the other provisions of this Agreement and to survive and not be merged into any such judgment or award. 
    
  (e)  At the Closing, and from time to time thereafter, the parties agree that they shall, at the request of the other, make, execute and deliver or obtain and deliver all such affidavits, deeds, certificates, and other instruments and documents, and shall do or cause to be done all such acts or things, which either party may reasonably require in order to complete the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
    
  (f)  TCG Member shall not have the right to assign or transfer this Agreement or the rights herein without the prior written consent of the Company. 
    
  (g)  Time is of the essence with respect to every provision herein contained. 
    
  (h)  This Agreement is not intended to give or confer any benefits, rights, privileges, claims, actions or remedies to any person or entity as a third party beneficiary, or otherwise. 
    
  (i)  Except as expressly set forth herein, the provisions of this Agreement that contemplate performance after the Closing shall survive the Closing for a period of one year and shall not be deemed to be merged into or waived by the instruments of such Closing.  

[Signature page follows.] 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.  

COMPANY: 
    
  SOUTHERN DIVERSIFIED TIMBER, LLC,  
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By: TCG/Southern Diversified Manager, LLC 
  Its: Manager 
    
  By: Campbell Global, LLC 
  Its: Managing Member 

By:      /s/ Mark Simmons             
  Name:       Mark Simmons                 
  Title:      Chief Financial Officer             

MANAGER: 
    
  TCG / SOUTHERN DIVERSIFIED MANAGER, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  
    
  By: Campbell Global, LLC 
  Its: Managing Member 

By:      /s/ Mark Simmons             
  Name:       Mark Simmons                 
  Title:      Chief Financial Officer             

PC MEMBER: 
    
  PLUM CREEK TIMBER OPERATIONS I, L.L.C.,  
  a Delaware limited liability company  
    
  By: Plum Creek Timberlands, L.P. 
  Its: Managing Member 
    
  By: Plum Creek Timber I, L.L.C.  
  Its: General Partner 
    
  By: Weyerhaeuser Company, 
  Its: Managing Member 

By:      /s/ Devin W. Stockfish               
  Name:      Devin W. Stockfish                   
           Title: 
    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and           Corporate Secretary 

TCG MEMBER: 
    
  TCG MEMBER, LLC,  
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By: Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI, L.P. 
  Its: Managing Member 
    
  By: Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI-A, L.P. 
  Its: Managing Member 
    
  By: Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI GP, LLC 
  Its: General Partner 
    
  By: Campbell Global, LLC 
  Its: Managing Member 

By:      /s/ Mark Simmons             
  Name:       Mark Simmons                 
  Title:      Chief Financial Officer             

WNR MEMBER: 
    
  Weyerhaeuser NR Company,  
  a Washington corporation 

By:      /s/ Devin W. Stockfish               
  Name:      Devin W. Stockfish                   
           Title: 
    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and           Corporate Secretary 

SUBSIDIARY: 
    
  SOUTHERN DIVERSIFIED, LLC,  
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By: Campbell Global, LLC 
  Its: Authorized Agent 

By:      /s/ Mark Simmons             
  Name:       Mark Simmons                 
  Title:      Chief Financial Officer             

13 

FUND VI: 
    
  CAMPBELL OPPORTUNITY TIMBER FUND VI,  
  L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
    
  By: Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI GP, LLC. 
  Its: General Partner 
    
  By: Campbell Global, LLC. 
  Its: Managing Member 

By:      /s/ Mark Simmons             
  Name:       Mark Simmons                 
  Title:      Chief Financial Officer             

FUND VI-A: 
    
  CAMPBELL OPPORTUNITY TIMBER FUND VI-  
  A, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
    
  By: Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI GP, LLC. 
  Its: General Partner 
    
  By: Campbell Global, LLC. 
  Its: Managing Member 

By:      /s/ Mark Simmons             
  Name:       Mark Simmons                 
  Title:      Chief Financial Officer             

14 

SCHEDULE A 
    
  REAL PROPERTY 

Real property descriptions attached. 

Schedule A -   1 
  sf-3683812    

Legal descriptions of real property in the following locations delivered by the Company at closing: 
  Ashley County, AR 
  Bradley County, AR 
  Calhoun County, AR 
  Cleveland County, AR 
  Drew County, AR 
  Appling County, GA 
  Bacon County, GA 
  Ben Hill County, GA 
  Coffee County, GA 
  Pierce County, GA 
  Telfair County, GA 
  Ware County, GA 
  Wheeler County, GA 
  Bladen County, NC 
  Brunswick County, NC 
  Columbus County, NC 
  Cumberland County, NC 
  Choctaw County, OK 
  LeFlore County, OK 
  McCurtain County, OK 
  Polk County, OK 
  Pushmataha, OK 
  Sevier County, OK 
  Attala County, MS 
  Calhoun County, MS 
  Carroll County, MS 
  Chickasaw County, MS 
  Choctaw County, MS 
  Clay County, MS 
  Grenada County, MS 
  Montgomery County, MS 
  Noxubee County, MS 
  Oktibbeha County, MS 
  Pontotoc County, MS 
  Webster County, MS 
  Winston County, MS 
  Yalobusha County, MS 
  Darlington County, SC 
  Dillon County, SC 
  Florence County, SC 
  Pender County, SC 
  Robeson County, SC 

Schedule A -   2 
  sf-3683812    

SCHEDULE B 
    
  LEASES 

Schedule B - 1 
  sf-3683812    

SCHEDULE C 
    
  CONTRACTS 

Schedule C -   1 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   2 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   3 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   4 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   5 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   6 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   7 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   8 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   9 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   10 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   11 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   12 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   13 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   14 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   15 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   16 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   17 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   18 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   19 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   20 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   21 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   22 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule C -   23 
  sf-3683812    

SCHEDULE D 
    
  TIMBER SALE AGREEMENTS 

Schedule D -   1 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule D -   2 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule D -   3 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule D -   4 
  sf-3683812    

SCHEDULE E 
    
  OPERATING ASSETS 
  Equipment 

Schedule E -   1 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule E -   2 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule E -   3 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule E -   4 
  sf-3683812    

Schedule E -   5 
  sf-3683812    

Vehicles 

Intangible Property 
    
  All rights, warranties, guaranties, contracts, permits and approvals (governmental or otherwise), maps, surveys, plans, specifications, drawings, renderings and trade names, along with all copyrights, trademarks, logos, graphics (including, without limitation, any signage, promotional materials and websites) and other rights with respect to the  Southern Diversified  and  Southern Diversified Timber  name(s) or derivatives thereof. 

Schedule E -   6 
  sf-3683812    

SCHEDULE F 
    
  FAIR MARKET VALUE OF  
  THE NOTE AND THE PROPERTIES 

Schedule F -   1 
  sf-3683812    

SCHEDULE G 
    
  PERMITTED EXCEPTIONS 
    
  (a)         Restrictions on the ability to build upon or use real property imposed by any current or future development standards, building or zoning ordinances or any other law;  
    
  (b)         To the extent a tract is bounded or traversed by a river, stream, branch or lake: (i) the rights of upper and lower riparian owners and the rights of others to navigate such river or stream to the extent it is navigable; (ii) the right, if any, of neighboring riparian owners and the public or others to use any public waters or the rights, if any, of the public to use the beaches or shores for recreational purposes; (iii) any claim of lack of title to real property formerly or presently comprising the shores or bottom of navigable waters or as a result of the change in the boundary due to accretion or avulsion; and (iv) any portion of real property which is sovereignty lands and other lands which may lie beneath the ordinary high water mark of navigable rivers as established as of the date the state in which such land is located was admitted to the United States; 
    
  (c)         To the extent any portion of real property is bounded or traversed by a public road, the rights of others in and to any portion of the real property that lies within said road;  
    
  (d)         Railroad tracks and related facilities, if any, and related railroad easements or rights of way, if any, traversing real property and the rights of railroad companies to any tracks, siding, ties and rails associated therewith;  
    
  (e)         All restrictions on the use of real property due to environmental laws, conservation easements of record, or the habitat conservation plans or similar agreements entered into by the Company or its predecessor other than those which individually or in the aggregate would have a material adverse effect on the use and enjoyment of the real estate or any portion thereof or would prevent or restrict in any material manner the continued ability to commercially harvest timber thereon; 
    
    (f)         All ad valorem property taxes for the tax period during which the Closing occurs and all subsequent tax periods, including any additional or supplemental taxes that may result from a reassessment of real property, and any potential roll-back or greenbelt type taxes related to any agricultural, forest or open space exemption which is subject to recapture pursuant to state Laws;  
    
    (g)         Liens for property taxes not yet due and payable;  
    
  (h)         Easements, discrepancies or conflicts in boundary lines, shortages in area, encroachments or any other facts which a current and accurate survey of the real property would disclose, other than those that, individually or in the aggregate, would prevent or restrict in any material manner the continued ability to commercially harvest timber on the affected parcel in substantially the same manner as such harvesting is currently conducted;  
    
  (i)         All oil, gas and other minerals as may have been previously reserved by or conveyed to others and any mineral leases concerning the mineral estate of the Timberlands;  
  
   Schedule G -   1 
  sf-3683812    

(j)         Rights, if any, relating to the construction and maintenance in connection with any public utility of wires, poles, pipes, conduits and appurtenances thereto, on, under, above or across the real property; 
    
  (k)         Rights of others under any of the Purchased Contracts, the Timberland Leases, the Real Property Leases or the Personal Property Leases; 
    
  (l)         All matters previously disclosed to the Subsidiary by the Company in writing.  
    
  (m)         Any claim of lack of access rights to any portion of the owned timberlands where (i) permission to access has been granted verbally or (ii) the Company has otherwise historically enjoyed access;  
    
  (n)         Any condemnations in respect of the Timberlands;  
    
  (o)         With respect to any leasehold interest, any covenants, obligations, use restrictions and other terms set forth in the relevant Lease; and  
    
  (p)         Any easements, covenants, use restrictions, zoning restrictions, boundary line disputes, encroachments and other third-party rights affecting real estate or any material portion thereof not described in items (a) through (o) above and which, individually or in the aggregate, would not prevent or restrict in any material manner the continued ability to commercially harvest timber thereon.  

Schedule G -   2 
  sf-3683812    

EXHIBIT A 
    
  FORM OF  
  DESIGNATION OF TAX MATTERS PARTNER  
  FOR SOUTHERN DIVERSIFIED TIMBER, LLC 
    
  The undersigned members (the  Members ) of Southern Diversified Timber, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  LLC ), declare this statement to be a designation of a new Tax Matters Partner ( TMP ) for the LLC s taxable years ending on December 31 of 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015. The LLC is classified as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes. The Members have owned all of the LLC s capital and profits interests at all times since the formation of the LLC in 2008. Each of the Members is treated as a member-manager of the LLC pursuant to Treas. Reg.   301.6231(a)(7)-2(b)(3), and therefore is treated as a general partner of the LLC pursuant to Treas. Reg.   301.6231(a)(7)-2(a) for purposes of applying I.R.C.   6231(a)(7) and Treas. Reg.   301.6231(a)(7)-1. In accordance with Treas. Reg.   301.6231(a)(7)-1(l)(1)(v)(B), the previous TMP designations for the above-mentioned taxable years are superseded hereby. In accordance with Treas. Reg.   301.6231(a)(7)-1(e), the Members set forth the following information concerning the designation: 
    
  1.    Partnership:   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  Southern Diversified Timber, LLC 
  One S.W. Columbia Street, Suite 1700 
  Portland, OR 97258 
  TIN: 26-3426590 
    
  2.    Tax Matters Partner:   xxxxxxxxxxxxx  Plum Creek Timber Operations I, LLC 
  601 Union Street, Suite 3100 
  Seattle, WA 98101 
  TIN: 41-2175487 
    
  3.    Taxable years of designation:   xxxxxx  December 31, 2010 
  December 31, 2011 
  December 31, 2012 
  December 31, 2013 
  December 31, 2014 
  December 31, 2015 
    
  The undersigned Members, comprising all of the members of the LLC, have executed this designation of Tax Matters Partner for the specified taxable years. 
  
   Exhibit A -   1 
  sf-3683812 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  PROFITS 
  MEMBERS:  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  INTEREST: 
    
  TCG Member, LLC  ,  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  90.91% 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By:    Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI-A, L.P., 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  its sole member 
    
  By:    Campbell Opportunity Timber Fund VI GP, LLC, 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  its general partner 
    
  By:    Campbell Global, LLC, 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  its managing member 
    
  By:  xxxx  ______________________  xxxxxxxx  _____________ 
  Name:  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  Date 
  Title: 
    
  Plum Creek Timber Operations I, L.L.C.  ,  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  9.09% (+ preferred return) 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By:    Plum Creek Timberlands, L.P., 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  its managing member 
           
  By:    Plum Creek Timber I, L.L.C., 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  its general partner 
    
  By:    Weyerhaeuser Company, 
  a Washington corporation 
  its sole managing member 
    
  By:  xxxx  ______________________  xxxxxxxx  _____________ 
  Name:  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  Date 
  Title: 

Exhibit A -   2 
  sf-3683812 

This designation of a new Tax Matters Partner of Southern Diversified Timber, LLC is hereby acknowledged by the non-member manager of the LLC. 
    
  MANAGER: 
    
  TCG / SOUTHERN DIVERSIFIED MANAGER, LLC  , 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By:     Campbell Global, LLC,  
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its managing member 
    
  By:  xxxx  ______________________  xxxxxxxx  _____________ 
  Name:  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  Date 
  Title: 

Exhibit A -   3 
  sf-3683812 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-12>
 3
 wy-93016xex12.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12  
  Weyerhaeuser Company and Subsidiaries 
  Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and 
  Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preference Dividends 
  For the quarters ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015 
  (Dollar amounts in millions) 

YEAR-TO-DATE ENDED 
        
    SEPTEMBER 2016 
      
    SEPTEMBER 2015 
      Available earnings: 

Earnings from continuing operations before interest expense, amortization of debt expense and income taxes 
    $ 
    745 

$ 
    548 
      
      Add: interest portion of rental expense 
    13 

10 
      
      Add: distributed income of equity affiliates 
    39 

Add: undistributed (income) losses of equity affiliates and income attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 
    (20 
    ) 

Available earnings 
    $ 
    777 

$ 
    558 
      
      Fixed charges: 

Interest expense and other financial charges 
    $ 
    333 

$ 
    263 
      
      Interest portion of rental expense 
    13 

10 
      
      Total fixed charges 
    346 

273 
      
      Dividends on preference shares (pretax) 
    26 

33 
      
      Total fixed charges and preference dividends 
    $ 
    372 

$ 
    306 
      
      Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 
    2.25 

2.04 
      
      Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preference dividends 
    2.09 

1.82 

</EX-12>

<EX-31>
 4
 wy-93016xex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
  Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  I, Doyle R. Simons, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Weyerhaeuser Company. 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 

/s/ DOYLE R. SIMONS 
        
    Doyle R. Simons 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

I, Russell S. Hagen, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Weyerhaeuser Company. 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 

/s/ RUSSELL S. HAGEN 
        
    Russell S. Hagen 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 wy-93016xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) 
  Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
  Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code 
  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code, each of the undersigned officers of Weyerhaeuser Company, a Washington corporation (the  Company ), hereby certifies that: 
  The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated   October 28, 2016   (the  Form 10-Q ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   /s/ DOYLE R. SIMONS 
      
      Doyle R. Simons 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: 
    October 28, 2016 

/s/ RUSSELL S. HAGEN 
      
      Russell S. Hagen 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: 
    October 28, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

