<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1296884_0001144204-16-134114_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6176316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122811</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>283136</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1838105</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2819313</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>957498</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>88</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134114.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114154125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001296884
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				201237795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52610
		FILM NUMBER:		161994400

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O THE LIGHTSTONE GROUP
		STREET 2:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 367-0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O THE LIGHTSTONE GROUP
		STREET 2:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134114.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452202_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

OR 

For the transition period from                       
to 

Commission file number 000-52610 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)  

Maryland   
       
       20-1237795    

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
          Incorporation or Organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

(732) 367-0129  

  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.  

 Yes      
    No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   

 Yes          No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer        
       
      Accelerated filer        
       
      Non-accelerated filer          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes       No

As of November 7, 2016, there were approximately 25.3 million outstanding
shares of common stock of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., including shares issued pursuant to the dividend
reinvestment plan.   

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

INDEX  

Page    
 
       PART I   
       
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/Loss (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      5   

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
       
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      9   

Item 2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      22   

Item 3.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      38   

Item 4.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      39   

PART II   
       
        OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      39   

Item 2.  
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      39   

Item 3.  
       
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      39   

Item 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      39   

Item 5.  
       
       Other Information   
       
      40   

Item 6.  
       
       Exhibits   
       
      40   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:    

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)
(Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:   

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME/(LOSS)  

  (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:    

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY   

  (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (Amounts in thousands)(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED  

  (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited )  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

1.       Organization    

Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate
Investment Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation ( Lightstone REIT ) was formed on June 8, 2004 (date of inception)
and subsequently qualified as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) during the year ending December 31, 2006. Lightstone
REIT was formed primarily for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in and owning commercial and residential real
estate properties located throughout the United States. 

Lightstone REIT is structured as an
umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, and substantially all of its current and future business is and will be conducted through
Lightstone Value Plus REIT, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership formed on July 12, 2004 (the  Operating Partnership ),
in which Lightstone REIT as the general partner, held a 98% interest as of September 30, 2016. 

The Lightstone REIT and the Operating
Partnership and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the   Company   and the use of   we,  
  our,     us   or similar pronouns refers to the Lightstone REIT, its Operating
Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

The Company is managed by Lightstone
Value Plus REIT, LLC (the  Advisor ), an affiliate of the Lightstone Group, Inc., under the terms and conditions of
an advisory agreement. The Lightstone Group, Inc. previously served as the Company s sponsor (the  Sponsor )
during its initial public offering, which closed on October 10, 2008. Subject to the oversight of the Company s board of
directors (the  Board of Directors ), the Advisor has primary responsibility for making investment decisions and managing
the Company s day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, David Lichtenstein is the
indirect owner of the Advisor and the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP, LLC, which has subordinated profits interests
( SLP units ) in the Operating Partnership. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone REIT or the Operating Partnership. 

The Company s
stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its stock for trading on a national
securities exchange only if a majority of its independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders.
The Company does not intend to list its shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate that there would be any market for
its shares of common stock until they are listed for trading. In the event the Company does not obtain listing prior to October
10, 2018 (the tenth anniversary of the completion of its initial public offering,) its charter requires that the Board of Directors
must either (i) seek stockholder approval of an extension or amendment of this listing deadline; or (ii) seek stockholder approval
to adopt a plan of liquidation of the corporation. 

As of September 30, 2016, on a collective
basis, the Company wholly owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of 3 retail properties containing
a total of approximately 0.7 million square feet of retail space, 14 industrial properties containing a total of approximately
1.0 million square feet of industrial space, one multi-family residential property containing a total of 194 units, and one hotel
hospitality property containing 363 rooms. All of the Company s properties are located within the United States. As of September
30, 2016, the retail properties, the industrial properties and the multi-family residential properties were 85%, 61% and 98% occupied
based on a weighted-average basis, respectively. The Company s hotel hospitality property s average revenue per available
room ( Rev PAR ) was $87 (whole dollars) and occupancy was 68% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Discontinued Operations   

During the first quarter of 2015,
a portfolio of 11 of the Company s hotel hospitality properties (the  LVP REIT Hotels ) met the criteria to
be classified as held for sale. The operating results of the LVP REIT Hotels have been classified as discontinued operations in
the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. (See Note 6.) 

Noncontrolling Interests   

As of September
30, 2016, the noncontrolling interests consist of (i) parties of the Company that hold units in the Operating Partnership and
(ii) certain interests in consolidated subsidiaries. The units include SLP units, limited partner units and common units. The
noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries include ownership interests in Pro-DFJV Holdings LLC ( PRO )
and 50-01 2nd St. Associates LLC (the  2nd Street Joint Venture ). 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

2.       Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    

Basis of Presentation  

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Lightstone REIT and its Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries (over which the Company exercises
financial and operating control). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The accompanying unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements
of the Company and related notes as contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015. The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented.
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. and its
Subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
for complete financial statements. 

GAAP requires the Company s
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting period. The most significant assumptions
and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate, marketable securities, depreciable lives, and revenue recognition. Application
of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ
from these estimates. 

The consolidated balance sheet as
of December 31, 2015 included herein has been derived from the consolidated balance sheet included in the Company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

The unaudited consolidated statements
of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or any other period. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update which provides guidance on the classification of certain
cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows, including those related to debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds
from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance, and distributions received from equity method investees.  This guidance
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years.  The guidance
must be adopted on a retrospective basis and must be applied to all periods presented, but may be applied prospectively if retrospective
application would be impracticable.  We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will
have on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued an
accounting standards update which replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology current in use with a methodology that reflects
expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit
loss estimates.  The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods
within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on its consolidated
financial statements and disclosures.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting
standards update that provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers as well as requires
additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts.  Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or
cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard.  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  The Company does not expect the
adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

In January 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update that generally requires companies to measure investments
in equity securities, except those accounted for under the equity method, at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value
in net income. Additionally, the guidance eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost
on the balance sheet. The new guidance must be applied using a modified-retrospective approach and is effective for periods beginning
after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet determined whether the adoption of this guidance
will have a material impact on its financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued an
accounting standards update to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. This update requires that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This new guidance was effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2016.
The Company adopted this standard during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. As a result of adopting this standard on a retrospective
basis, approximately $2.0 million was reclassified out of prepaid expenses and other assets and was reclassified into mortgage
payable, net on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. 

3.       Investment in Unconsolidated
Affiliated Real Estate Entity    

1407
Broadway  

The Company had a 49.0% ownership interest in
1407 Broadway Mezz II LLC ( 1407 Broadway ) which was accounted for under the equity method. On April 30, 2015, 1407
Broadway completed the disposition of its sub-leasehold interest in a ground lease to an office building located in New York, New
York to an unrelated third party for aggregate consideration of approximately $150.0 million. The Company s share of the
net proceeds, after repayment of outstanding mortgage indebtedness and transaction and other closing costs, was approximately $15.1
million. As of December 31, 2015, the Company s remaining investment in 1407 Broadway was approximately $2.0 million; representing
its share of 1407 Broadway s remaining net assets, which were subsequently distributed to the Company in January 2016. As
a result, the Company has no remaining investment in 1407 Broadway. 

1407 Broadway Financial Information  

The
following table represents the unaudited condensed income statement for 1407 Broadway: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

The following table represents
the unaudited condensed balance sheet for 1407 Broadway: 

4.        Marketable Securities
and Fair Value Measurements    

Marketable Securities:   

The following is a summary of the
Company s available for sale securities as of the dates indicated: 

The Marco OP Units and the Marco
II OP Units are exchangeable for a similar number of common operating partnership units ( Simon OP Units ) of Simon
Property Group, L.P., ( Simon OP ), the operating partnership of Simon Property Group, Inc. ( Simon ).
Subject to the various conditions, the Company may elect to exchange the Marco OP Units and/or the Marco II OP Units to Simon OP
Units which must be immediately delivered to Simon in exchange for cash or similar number of shares of Simon s common stock
( Simon Stock ). 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company redeemed an aggregate of approximately 383,000 Marco OP units with a cost basis of approximately $32.7 million
for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $67.1 million and realized aggregate gains of approximately $34.4 million, which
is included in gain on sale of marketable securities on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company considers the declines
in market value of certain of its investments to be temporary in nature as the unrealized losses were caused primarily by changes
in market interest rates or widening credit spreads. When evaluating these investments for other-than-temporary impairment, the
Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition
of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be
required to sell, the investment before recovery of the investment s amortized cost basis. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any impairment charges. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
does not consider any of its investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

The Company may sell certain of
its investments prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for duration
management. The maturities of the Company s MBS generally ranged from 27 years to 30 years. 

Notes Payable   

Margin Loan   

The Company has access to a margin
loan (the  Margin Loan ) from a financial institution that holds custody of certain of the Company s marketable
securities. The Margin Loan, which is due on demand, bears interest at Libor plus 0.85% (1.38% as of September 30, 2016) and is
collateralized by the marketable securities in the Company s account. The amounts available to the Company under the Margin
Loan are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited to the amount of collateral in its account. There were
no amounts outstanding under this Margin Loan as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Line of Credit   

On September 14, 2012, the Company
entered into a non-revolving credit facility (the  Line of Credit ) with a financial institution which permits borrowings
up to $25.0 million. The Line of Credit expires on June 19, 2017 and bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.35% (1.88% as of September
30, 2016). The Line of Credit is collateralized by approximately 252,000 Marco OP Units and PRO guaranteed the Line of Credit.
The amount outstanding under the Line of Credit was $18.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and is included
in Notes Payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company currently intends to seek to extend or replace the Line of Credit
on or before its expiration. If the Company is unable to extend or replace the Line of Credit, it will repay the then outstanding
balance in full at the expiration date using available cash. 

Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value is defined as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques
used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

The standard describes a fair value
hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may
be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

Level 2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable,
either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not
active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of
the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported
by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

Marketable securities, available
for sale, measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated are as follows: 

The fair values of the Company s
investments in Corporate Bonds and Preferred Equities and MBS are measured using readily available quoted prices for similar assets.
Additionally, as noted and disclosed above, the Company s Marco OP and Marco OP II Units are ultimately exchangeable for
cash or similar number of shares of Simon Stock, therefore the Company uses the quoted market price of Simon Stock to measure the
fair value of the Company s Marco OP and Marco OP II Units. 

The Company did not have any other
significant financial assets or liabilities, which would require revised valuations that are recognized at fair value. 

5.        Mortgages Payable,
Net    

Mortgages payable, net consists of the following:

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

Libor as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 was 0.53% and 0.42 % , respectively. The Company s loans are
secured by the indicated real estate and are non-recourse to the Company. 

The following table shows the
contractually scheduled principal maturities of the Company s mortgage debt during the next five years and thereafter as
of September 30, 2016: 

Pursuant to the Company s
loan agreements, escrows in the amount of $1.9 million and $7.1 million were held in restricted escrow accounts as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Such escrows will be released in accordance with the applicable loan agreements for
payments of real estate taxes, insurance and capital improvement transactions, as required. Certain of our mortgages payable also
contain clauses providing for prepayment penalties. 

On April 11, 2016, the Company s
mortgage loan (outstanding principal balance of $23.7 million) secured by the St. Augustine Outlet Center matured and was repaid
in full. 

On May 17, 2016, the Company s
mortgage loan (outstanding principal balance of $38.2 million) secured by the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties was
repaid in full in connection with the Company s disposition of three of the four apartment communities contained in the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties (see Note 6). 

On July 28,
2016, the Company, entered into a mortgage loan for approximately $20.4 million. The mortgage loan has a term of two years, bears
interest at LIBOR+4.50% and requires monthly interest payments through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon
maturity. The mortgage loan is secured by the St. Augustine Outlet Center. 

Certain of the Company s debt
agreements require the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage. As of September 30, 2016, the Company is
in compliance with all of its debt covenants other than the debt associated with the Gulf Coast Industrial Portfolio which was
placed in default by the special servicer during 2012 and is due on demand as discussed below. 

As a result of not meeting certain
debt service coverage ratios on the non-recourse mortgage indebtedness secured by the Gulf Coast Industrial Portfolio, the lender
elected to retain the excess cash flow from these properties beginning in July 2011.  During the third quarter of 2012, the
loan was transferred to a special servicer, who discontinued scheduled debt service payments and notified the Company that the
loan was in default and although originally due in February 2017 is now due on demand. 

Although the lender is currently
not charging or being paid interest at the stated default rate, the Company is accruing default interest expense pursuant to the
terms of the loan agreement. Default interest expense of $0.5 million and $1.5 million was accrued for both the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result, cumulative accrued default interest expense of $8.6 million
and $7.1 million is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Although the Company has had various discussions with the special
servicer to restructure the terms of the loan, there can be no assurances that it will be successful in these efforts. However,
the Company does not expect to pay any of the accrued default interest expense as this mortgage indebtedness is non-recourse to
it.  Additionally, the Company believes the continued loss of excess cash flow from these properties and the special servicer s
placement of the non-recourse mortgage indebtedness in default will not have a material impact on its results of operations or
financial position. 

Additionally, the Company s
mortgage loan (outstanding principal balance of $25.7 million as of September 30, 2016) secured by Oakview Plaza matures in January
2017. The Company currently intends to seek to refinance and/or repay in full, using cash proceeds from the potential sale of assets
or available cash, such existing indebtedness on or before its applicable stated maturity. Other than these financings, the Company
has no additional significant maturities of mortgage debt over the next 12 months. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

6.        Dispositions and Discontinued
Operations    

Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family
Properties  

On May 17, 2016, the Company disposed
of three of the four apartment communities contained in the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties to an unrelated third
party for aggregate consideration of approximately $50.6 million. In connection with the disposition, the Company recorded a gain
on the disposition of real estate of approximately $19.9 million during the second quarter of 2016. Approximately $38.2 million
of the proceeds were used to repay in full the outstanding principal balance of the mortgage that was secured by the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties. 

On July 26, 2016, the remaining
apartment community in the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties was disposed of to the same unrelated third party for
approximately $10.3 million. In connection with the disposition, the Company recorded a gain on the disposition of real estate
of approximately $3.8 million during the third quarter of 2016. The complete disposition of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family
Properties resulted in an aggregate gain on the disposition of real estate of approximately $23.7 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 

The disposition of the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations since the disposition did not represent
a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. Accordingly, the operating
results of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties are reflected in the Company s results from continuing operations
for all periods presented through their respective dates of disposition. 

LVP REIT Hotels  

During the first quarter of 2015,
a portfolio of 11 of the Company s hotel hospitality properties  (the  LVP REIT Hotels ) met the criteria
to be classified as held for sale. The operating results of the LVP REIT Hotels have been classified as discontinued operations
in the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented.   

During the first quarter of 2015,
the Company completed the disposition of substantially all of its ownership interests in seven of the 11 hotel hospitality properties
contained in the LVP REIT Hotels and recognized a gain on disposition of $14.4 million, which is included in discontinued operations
on the consolidated statements of operations. During the second quarter of 2015, the Company completed the disposition of substantially
all of its ownership interests in the remaining four hotel hospitality properties contained in the LVP REIT Hotels and recognized
an additional gain on disposition of $2.9 million. 

The following summary presents the
operating results of the LVP REIT Hotels included in discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
periods indicated. 

Cash flows generated from discontinued
operations are presented separately on the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 

7.        Net Earnings Per Share    

Basic net earnings per share
is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted net income per share includes the potentially dilutive effect, if any, which
would occur if our outstanding options to purchase our common stock were exercised. For all periods presented, the effect of these
exercises had no impact on net earnings per share. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

8.        Related Party Transactions    

The Company
has agreements with the Advisor and Lightstone Value Plus REIT Management LLC (the  Property Manager ) to pay certain
fees in exchange for services performed by these entities and other affiliated entities. The Company s ability to secure
financing and subsequent real estate operations are dependent upon its Advisor, Property Manager and their affiliates to perform
such services as provided in these agreements.  

The Company,
pursuant to the related party arrangements, has recorded the following amounts for the periods indicated: 

* Generally, capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful
life of the associated asset. 

Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate
of the Company s Sponsor, has purchased SLP units which are included in noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance
sheets. These SLP units, the purchase price of which will be repaid only after stockholders receive a stated preferred return and
their net investment, entitle Lightstone SLP, LLC to a portion of any regular distributions made by the Operating Partnership. 

During both
the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, distributions of $0.5 million and $1.6 million, respectively,
were declared and paid on the SLP units. 

The Company s Sponsor, has
a 19.17% membership interest in PRO, a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, which is accounted for as noncontrolling interests.
During 2015, PRO received aggregate proceeds of approximately $36.1 million related to its redemptions of certain Marco OP Units
and Marco II OP Units. During the first quarter of 2016, PRO distributed these proceeds to its members, of which $29.2 million
and $6.9 million were the Company s and Sponsor s share, respectively. 

Preferred Investments   

The Company has entered into several agreements
with various related party entities that provide for it to make preferred contributions pursuant to certain instruments (the  Preferred
Investments ) that entitle the Company to certain prescribed monthly preferred distributions. The Preferred Investments
had an aggregate balance of $147.1 million and $138.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and
are classified as held-to-maturity securities, recorded at cost and included in investments in related parties on the consolidated
balance sheets. The fair value of these investments approximated their carrying values based on market rates for similar instruments.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company made $51.0 million of additional contributions and redeemed $42.2
million (the 365 Bond Street Preferred Investment) of the Preferred Investments and as of September 30, 2016, remaining contributions
of up to $70.4 million were unfunded. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized
investment income of $4.0 million and $12.2 million, respectively, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
the Company recognized investment income of $1.9 million and $4.7 million, respectively, which is included in interest and dividend
income on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Preferred Investments are summarized as
follows: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

East 11 th  Street Preferred
Investment   

On April 21, 2016, the Company entered
into an agreement with various related party entities that provides for it to make contributions of up to $40.0 million in an affiliate
of its Sponsor (the  East 11 th  Street Developer ) which owns two residential buildings located at 112-120
East 11 th  Street and 85 East 10 th  Street in New York, NY. The East 11 th  Street Developer is developing
a hotel at 112-120 East 11 th  Street (the  East 11 th  Street Project ). Development of
the East 11 th  Street Project is expected to be substantially complete during the first quarter of 2019.  These
contributions are made pursuant to an instrument, the  East 11 th  Street Preferred Investment,  that
entitles the Company to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of 12% per annum. Upon the consummation of certain capital transactions
the Company may redeem its investment in the East 11 th  Street Preferred Investment. Additionally, the East 11 th  Street
Developer may redeem the Company s investment at any time or upon the consummation of any capital transaction. Any redemption
by the Company or the East 11 th  Street Developer under the East 11 th  Street Preferred Investment
will be made at an amount equal to the amount invested by the Company plus a 12.0% annual cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded return
on the aggregate amount invested by the Company. On September 30, 2016, the Company and the East 11 th  Street Developer
amended the East 11th Street Preferred Investment so that Company s total aggregate contributions would increase by $17.5
million to $57.5 million. 

The Company
made aggregate contributions of $35.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which are classified as a held-to-maturity
security and is recorded at cost, leaving a remaining unfunded contribution of up to $22.5 million as of September 30, 2016. 

Miami Moxy Preferred Investment   

On September
30, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with various related party entities that provides for it to make contributions
of up to $20.0 million in an affiliate of its Sponsor (the  Miami Moxy Developer ) which owns the property located
at 915 through 955 Washington Avenue in Miami Beach, Florida, on which the Miami Moxy Developer is constructing a 205 room Marriott
Moxy hotel (the  Miami Moxy ). These contributions are made pursuant to an instrument, the Miami Moxy Preferred Investment,
that entitles the Company to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of 12% per annum. Upon the consummation of certain capital
transactions the Company may redeem its investment in the Miami Moxy Preferred Investment. Additionally, the Miami Moxy Developer
may redeem the Company s investment at any time or upon the consummation of any capital transaction. Any redemption by the
Company or the Miami Moxy Developer under the Miami Moxy Preferred Investment will be made at an amount equal to the amount invested
by the Company plus a 12.0% annual cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded return on the aggregate amount invested by the Company. 

The Company
made its initial contribution of $6.5 million on September 30, 2016, which is classified as a held-to-maturity security and is
recorded at cost, leaving a remaining unfunded contribution of up to $13.5 million as of September 30, 2016. 

9.        Financial Instruments    

The carrying amounts reported in
the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted escrows, tenants  and other accounts receivable,
interest receivable from related parties, accounts payable and accrued expenses and due to related parties approximated their fair
values because of the short maturity of these instruments. T he estimated fair value of the notes payable
(line of credit) approximated its carrying value  ($18.6 million) because of its floating interest rate. The carrying
amount reported in the consolidated balance sheets for the mortgage receivable approximated its fair value based upon current market
information that would have been used by a market participant to estimate the fair value of such loan. 

The estimated fair value (in millions)
of the Company s mortgage debt is summarized as follows: 

The fair value of the mortgages
payable was determined by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by estimated current market interest
rates. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

10.        Segment Information    

The Company currently operates in
four business segments as of September 30, 2016: (i) retail real estate (the  Retail Segment ), (ii) multi-family residential
real estate (the  Multi-family Residential Segment ), (iii) industrial real estate (the  Industrial Segment )
and (iv) hospitality (the  Hospitality Segment ). The Company s Advisor and its affiliates provide leasing, property
and facilities management, acquisition, development, construction and tenant-related services for its portfolio. The Company s
revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were exclusively derived from activities in the United
States. No revenues from foreign countries were received or reported. The Company had no long-lived assets in foreign locations
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note
2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Company s December 31, 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unallocated
assets, revenues and expenses relate to corporate related accounts, including the Company s Preferred Investments in Related
Parties (see Note 8). 

The Company evaluates performance
based upon net operating income/(loss) from the combined properties in each real estate segment. 

As discussed
in Note 6, the results of operations presented below exclude the LVP REIT Hotels due to their classification as discontinued operations
for all periods presented. The LVP REIT Hotels were previously included in the Company s Hospitality Segment. 

Selected results of operations for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and total assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 regarding
the Company s operating segments are as follows: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

11.        Commitments and Contingencies    

Legal Proceedings   

From time to time in the ordinary
course of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

On July 13, 2011, JF Capital Advisors,
filed a lawsuit against The Lightstone Group, LLC, the Company, and Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc.
in the Supreme Court of the State of New York seeking payment for services alleged to have been rendered, and to be rendered prospectively,
under theories of unjust enrichment and breach of contract. The plaintiff had a limited business arrangement with The Lightstone
Group, LLC; that arrangement has been terminated. We filed a motion to dismiss the action and, on January 31, 2012, the Supreme
Court dismissed the complaint in its entirety, but granted the plaintiff leave to replead two limited causes of action. 

The plaintiff filed an amended complaint
on May 18, 2012, bringing limited claims under theories of unjust enrichment and quantum meruit. On November 21, 2012, the court
dismissed this second complaint in part, leaving only $164 (plus interest) in potential damages. The plaintiff appealed this decision
and Lightstone cross-appealed arguing that the case should have been dismissed in full. The appeals court denied plaintiff s
motion and granted defendants  motion, as a result of which all claims were dismissed on March 25, 2014. The plaintiff filed
a motion requesting the right to re-appeal to the Court of Appeals, which was granted on August 1, 2014. 

Plaintiff has appealed to the Court
of Appeals, which affirmed in part and denied in part, leaving a smaller number of claims available to the Plaintiff. Plaintiff
has indicated that it intends to continue to pursue these claims in the trial court. 

While any proceeding or litigation
has an element of uncertainty, management currently believes that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to any
of the aforementioned legal proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

   (Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)   ( Unaudited )  

As of the date hereof, the Company
is not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material
adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency
and possible range of loss. 

Loan Collection Guaranties   

The Operating Partnership and PRO
(collectively, the  LVP Parties ) have provided and will continue to have the opportunity to provide guaranties of
collection (the  Loan Collection Guaranties ) with respect to draws made under revolving credit facilities (or indebtedness
incurred to refinance the revolving credit facilities) by Simon in connection with the closing of certain contribution transactions
related to the LVP Parties  ownership interests in (i) Mill Run LLC ( Mill Run ) and Prime Outlets Acquisition
Company ( POAC  and collectively, the  POAC/Mill Run Transaction ) and (ii) Grand Prairie Holdings LLC
( GPH ) and Livermore Valley Holdings LLC ( LVH  and collectively, the  Outlet Centers Transaction ).
The Loan Collection Guaranties were required for at least four years following the closings of POAC/Mill Run Transaction and the
Outlet Centers Transaction, which closed on August 30, 2010 and December 4, 2012, respectively. Under the terms of the Loan Collection
Guaranties, the LVP Parties are obligated to make payments in respect of principal and interest due under the revolving credit
facilities after Simon OP has failed to make payments, the amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facilities have been
accelerated, and the lender has failed to collect the full amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facilities after exhausting
other remedies. The maximum amounts of the Loan Collection Guaranties will be reduced by the extent of any payments of principal
made by Simon OP or other cash proceeds recovered by the lenders. 

Distribution Payment   

On October 14, 2016, the distribution
for the three-month period ending September 30, 2016 of $4.5 million was paid in cash. The entire distribution was paid from cash
flows provided from operations. 

Distribution Declaration   

On November
14, 2016, the Board authorized and the Company declared a distribution for the three-month period ending December 31, 2016. The
distribution will be calculated based on shareholders of record each day during this three-month period at a rate of $0.0019178
per day, and will equal a daily amount that, if paid each day for a 365-day period, would equal a 7.0% annualized rate based on
a share price of $10.00. The distribution will be paid in cash on or about January 15, 2016 to shareholders of record as of December
31, 2016. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:    

    ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries and the notes thereto. As used herein, the terms  we,   our  and  us 
refer to Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and, as required by context, Lightstone
Value Plus REIT, L.P. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which we collectively refer to as  the Operating Partnership. 
Dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data and where indicated in millions. 

As discussed in Notes 1 and 6 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the results of operations presented below exclude certain properties due to their
classification as discontinued operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain information included in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains, and other materials filed or to be filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC, contain or will contain, forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, including,
among others, statements regarding our possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results
of operations, plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. Those statements include statements regarding the intent,
belief or current expectations of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. and members of our management team,
as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use of words such as  may, 
 will,   seeks,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects, 
 plans,   intends,   should  or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by
such forward-looking statements. 

Such statements are based on assumptions
and expectations which may not be realized and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted
with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ
from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Risks and other factors that might
cause differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, economic and market conditions, competition,
tenant or joint venture partner(s) bankruptcies, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws and regulations, failure
to increase tenant occupancy and operating income, rejection of leases by tenants in bankruptcy, financing and development risks,
construction and lease-up delays, cost overruns, the level and volatility of interest rates, the rate of revenue increases versus
expense increases, the financial stability of various tenants and industries, the failure of the Company (defined herein) to make
additional investments in real estate properties, the failure to upgrade our tenant mix, restrictions in current financing arrangements,
the failure to fully recover tenant obligations for common area maintenance ( CAM ), insurance, taxes and other property
expenses, the failure of the Company to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ), the failure
to refinance debt at favorable terms and conditions, an increase in impairment charges, loss of key personnel, failure to achieve
earnings/funds from operations targets or estimates, conflicts of interest with the Advisor, Sponsor and their affiliates, failure
of joint venture relationships, significant costs related to environmental issues as well as other risks listed from time to time
in this Form 10-Q, our Form 10-K and in the Company s other reports filed with the SEC. 

We believe these forward-looking
statements are reasonable; however, undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which are based on current
expectations. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are qualified
in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made,
and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of
unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time unless required by law. 

Overview  

Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate
Investment Trust, Inc. (the  Lightstone REIT ) and Lightstone Value Plus REIT, LP, (the  Operating Partnership )
and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the   Company   and the use of   we,  
  our,     us   or similar pronouns refers to the Lightstone REIT, its Operating
Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

Lightstone REIT has and may continue
to acquire and operate in the future commercial, residential and hospitality properties, principally in the United States. Principally
through the Operating Partnership, our acquisitions have included both portfolios and individual properties. Our commercial holdings
consist of retail (primarily multi-tenant shopping centers), lodging, industrial properties and residential properties comprised
of multi-family complexes. 

As discussed in Notes 1 and
6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the results of operations presented below exclude certain properties due to
their classification as discontinued operations. 

We do not have employees. We have
an advisory agreement with Lightstone Value Plus REIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which we refer to as the  Advisor, 
pursuant to which the Advisor supervises and manages our day-to-day operations and selects our real estate and real estate related
investments, subject to oversight by our board of directors. We pay the Advisor fees for services related to the investment and
management of our assets, and we reimburse the Advisor for certain expenses incurred on our behalf. 

Current Environment  

Our operating results as well as
our investment opportunities are impacted by the health of the North American economies.  Our business and financial performance
may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as an availability of credit, financial markets volatility
and recession. 

Our business may be affected by
market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. and global economies. These conditions may materially affect the value and
performance of our properties, and may affect our ability to pay distributions, the availability or the terms of financing that
we have or may anticipate utilizing, and our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, any outstanding
debt when due. 

We are not aware of any other material
trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that
may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from
the acquisition and operation of real estate and real estate related investments, other than those referred to in this Form 10-Q. 

Portfolio Summary     

Annualized revenue is defined as
the minimum monthly payments due as of September 30, 2016 annualized, excluding periodic contractual fixed increases and rents
calculated based on a percentage of tenants  sales. The annualized base rent disclosed in the table above includes all concessions,
abatements and reimbursements of rent to tenants. 

Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates  

There were no material changes during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 to our critical accounting policies as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for
the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Results of Operations  

Dispositions   

Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family
Properties  

On May 17, 2016, the Company disposed
of three of the four apartment communities contained in the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties to an unrelated third
party for aggregate consideration of approximately $50.6 million. In connection with the disposition, the Company recorded a gain
on the disposition of real estate of approximately $19.9 million during the second quarter of 2016. Approximately $38.2 million
of the proceeds were used to repay in full the outstanding principal balance of the mortgage that was secured by the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties. 

On July 26, 2016, the remaining
apartment community in the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties was disposed of to the same unrelated third party for
approximately $10.3 million. In connection with the disposition, the Company recorded a gain on the disposition of real estate
of approximately $3.8 million during the third quarter of 2016. The complete disposition of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family
Properties resulted in an aggregate gain on the disposition of real estate of approximately $23.7 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. 

The disposition of the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations since the disposition did not represent
a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. Accordingly, the operating
results of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties are reflected in the Company s results from continuing operations
for all periods presented through their respective dates of disposition. The Southeastern Michigan Properties were included in
our Multi-Family Residential Segment. 

Our primary
financial measure for evaluating each of our properties is net operating income ( NOI ). NOI represents revenues less
property operating expenses, real estate taxes and general and administrative expenses. We believe that NOI is helpful to investors
as a supplemental measure of the operating performance of a real estate company because it is a direct measure of the actual operating
results of our properties. 

For the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 vs. September 30, 2015   

Consolidated  

Revenues   

Our revenues are comprised of rental
revenues, tenant recovery income and other service income. Total revenues decreased by approximately $1.6 million to $13.1 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $14.7 million for the same period in 2015. See  Segment Results
of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015  for additional information on
revenues by segment. 

Property operating expenses   

Property operating expenses decreased
by approximately $0.8 million to $6.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $7.6 million for the same
period in 2015. This decrease primarily reflects lower expenses of approximately $1.0 million in our Multi-Family Residential Segment
principally due to the sale of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties partially offset by higher property expenses of
$0.4 million for the DoubleTree   Danvers (Hospitality Segment) resulting from increased occupancy levels during the 2016
period. 

Real estate taxes   

Real estate taxes expense decreased
by approximately $0.2 million to $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.9 million the same period
in 2015. This decrease primarily reflects lower expenses resulting from the disposition of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family
Properties. 

General and administrative expenses   

General and administrative expenses
expense decreased by approximately $0.3 million to $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.3
million the same period in 2015.  This decrease primarily reflects lower professional fees during the 2016 period. 

Depreciation and amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expense
decreased by approximately $0.3 million to $2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.0 million
the same period in 2015.  This decrease primarily reflects lower depreciation expenses resulting from the disposition of the
Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties. 

Interest and dividend income   

Interest and dividend income increased
by approximately $1.6 million to $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.0 million the same period
in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to higher investment income of $2.0 million from our Preferred Investments (see
Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) partially offset by lower interest and dividend income of $0.4 million
from our investments in marketable securities, resulting principally from the sales of corporate bonds and preferred equities during
2016. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense, including amortization
of deferred financing costs, decreased by approximately $0.7 million to $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $3.8 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease is primarily attributable to (i) the repayment in full of the
mortgage secured by the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties (in May 2016) and (ii) the payoff of the existing mortgage
(April 2016) and subsequent new mortgage (August 2016) secured by the St. Augustine Outlet Center (see Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements). 

Gain on disposition of real estate   

During the third quarter of 2016
we recognized a gain on disposition of real estate of approximately $3.8 million related to the sale of the remaining apartment
community contained in our Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties.  

Noncontrolling interests   

The net earnings allocated to noncontrolling
interests relates to (i) the interests in the Operating Partnership held by our Sponsor as well as common units held by our limited
partners (ii) the interest in PRO-DFJV Holdings LLC ( PRO ) held by our Sponsor and (iii) the ownership interests in
50-01 2 nd  St Associates LLC (the  2nd Street Joint Venture ) held by our Sponsor and other affiliates.  

Segment Results of Operations
for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015  

Retail Segment   

The following table represents
lease expirations for the Retail Segment as of September 30, 2016: 

Retail Segment    

As of September 30, 2016, we had
two tenants, Kohl s Inc. and Dick s Sporting Goods, Inc., each with one store, representing approximately 14.6% and
6.4%, respectively, of the total GLA in our Retail Segment. Additionally, as of that date, we did not have any other tenants whose
GLA was 5% or more of the total GLA in our Retail Segment. 

Revenues and NOI were relatively
flat for three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Multi-Family Residential Segment   

Revenues and NOI decreased for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of the disposition of the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties (three apartment communities sold in May 2016 and the one remaining apartment community sold in
July 2016). Revenues and NOI decreased by approximately $2.1 million and $0.9 million, respectively, for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 for the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties. Revenues and NOI
were mostly unchanged for Gantry Park, our only remaining multi-family residential property. 

Industrial Segment   

The following
table represents lease expirations for our Industrial Segment as of September 30, 2016: 

Industrial Segment  

As of September
30, 2016, we did not have any tenants whose GLA was 5% or more of the total GLA in our Industrial Segment. 

Revenues and NOI decreased for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of the lower average occupancy
rate during the 2016 period. 

Hospitality Segment   

Revenues and
NOI increased during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 resulting from increased occupancy
levels and RevPAR during the period. 

For the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 vs. September 30, 2015   

Consolidated  

Revenues   

Our revenues are comprised of rental
revenues, tenant recovery income and other service income. Total revenues decreased by approximately $1.8 million to $40.2 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $42.0 million for the same period in 2015. See  Segment Results
of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015  for additional information on
revenues by segment. 

Property operating expenses   

Property operating expenses decreased
by approximately $0.1 million to $20.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $21.0 million for the same
period in 2015. This decrease primarily reflects lower expenses of approximately $1.0 million in our Multi-Family Residential Segment
principally due to the sale of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties partially offset by higher property expenses of
$0.8 million for the DoubleTree   Danvers (Hospitality Segment) resulting from increased occupancy levels during the 2016
period . 

Real estate taxes   

Real estate taxes expenses decreased
by approximately $0.2 million to $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.6 million for the same
period in 2015. This decrease primarily reflects lower expenses resulting from the disposition of the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family
Properties. 

General and administrative expenses   

General and administrative expenses
decreased by approximately $0.2 million to $3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.9 million for
the same period in 2015. This decrease primarily reflects lower professional fees during the 2016 period. 

Depreciation and amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expenses
remained unchanged at $8.6 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Interest and dividend income   

Interest and dividend income increased
by approximately $6.6 million to $14.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $8.2 million the same period
in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to higher investment income of $7.5 million from our Preferred Investments (see
Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) partially offset by lower interest and dividend income of $1.0 million
from our investments in marketable securities, resulting principally from the redemption of Marco OP Units during 2015 and the
sale of corporate bonds and preferred securities during 2016. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense, including amortization
of deferred financing costs, decreased by approximately $1.3 million to $10.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $11.4 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease is primarily attributable to (i) the repayment in full of the
mortgage secured by the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties (in May 2016) and (ii) the payoff of the existing mortgage
(April 2016) and subsequent new mortgage (August 2016) secured by the St. Augustine Outlet Center (see Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements). 

Gain on disposition of real estate   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 we recognized a gain on disposition of real estate of approximately $23.7 million related to the sale of the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties. 

Loss/gain on sale and redemption of marketable
securities   

Loss/gain on sale and redemption
of marketable securities decreased by approximately $35.7 million to a loss of $1.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to a gain of $34.7 million for the same period in 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we recognized
a gain on sale and redemption of marketable securities of approximately $34.4 million primarily attributable to the redemption
of 383,000 Marco OP Units. 

Income from investment in unconsolidated affiliated
real estate entity   

This account represents our portion
of the earnings associated with our ownership interest in an investment in an unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity, which
we accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Our income from investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity
of $5.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of the Company s portion of the
gain that resulted when the unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity completed the disposition of its sub-leasehold interest
in a ground lease to an office building in April 2015. 

Noncontrolling interests   

The net earnings allocated to noncontrolling
interests relates to (i) the interests in the Operating Partnership held by our Sponsor as well as common units held by our limited
partners (ii) the interest in PRO held by our Sponsor and (iii) the ownership interests in the 2nd Street Joint Venture held by
our Sponsor and other affiliates. 

Segment Results of Operations
for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015  

Retail Segment   

Revenues and NOI increased for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of the increase in the average occupancy
rate during the 2016 period. 

Multi-Family Residential Segment   

Revenues and NOI decreased for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of the disposition of the Southeastern
Michigan Multi-Family Properties (three apartment communities sold in May 2016 and the one remaining apartment community sold in
July 2016). Revenues and NOI decreased by approximately $2.9 million and $1.3 million, respectively, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 for the Southeastern Michigan Multi-Family Properties. Revenues and NOI
increased slightly for Gantry Park, our only remaining multi-family residential property. 

Industrial Segment   

Revenues and NOI decreased for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of the lower average occupancy rate
during the 2016 period. 

Hospitality Segment   

Revenues and NOI increased during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 resulting from increased occupancy levels and RevPAR
during the 2016 period. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

Overview:   

Rental revenue and borrowings are
our principal source of funds to pay operating expenses, scheduled debt service, capital expenditures and distributions, excluding
non-recurring capital expenditures. 

We expect to meet our short-term
liquidity requirements generally through working capital and borrowings. We believe that these cash resources will be sufficient
to satisfy our cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and we do not anticipate a need to raise funds from other than these
sources within the next twelve months. 

We currently have $186.1 million
of outstanding mortgage debt and an $18.6 million outstanding under a line of credit. We have and intend to continue to limit our
aggregate long-term permanent borrowings to 75% of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing
is approved by a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. We may also incur short-term indebtedness,
having a maturity of two years or less. 

Our charter provides that the aggregate
amount of borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300% of net assets in the absence of a satisfactory showing that
a higher level is appropriate, the approval of our Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders. Net assets means our total
assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our total liabilities, calculated
at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300% of net assets level must be approved
by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders, along
with justification for such excess. As of September 30, 2016, our total borrowings of $204.7 million represented 54% of net assets. 

Our borrowings consist of single-property
mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. We typically have obtained level payment financing,
meaning that the amount of debt service payable would be substantially the same each year. As such, most of the mortgages on our
properties provide for a so-called  balloon  payment and are at a fixed interest rate. 

Additionally, in order to leverage
our investments in marketable securities and seek a higher rate of return, we borrowed using a margin loan collateralized by the
securities held with the financial institution that provided the margin loan. This loan is due on demand and will be paid upon
the liquidation of securities. 

Any future properties that we may acquire
or investments we may make may be funded through a combination of borrowings, proceeds generated from the sale and redemption of
our marketable securities, available for sale, proceeds received from the selective disposition of our properties and proceeds
received from the redemption of our preferred investments in related parties. These borrowings may consist of single-property mortgages
as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may be put in place either at the time we acquire
a property or subsequent to our purchasing a property for cash. In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject to existing
indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing mortgages. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek to encumber
our properties with debt, which will be on a non-recourse basis. This means that a lender s rights on default will generally
be limited to foreclosing on the property. However, we may, at our discretion, secure recourse financing or provide a guarantee
to lenders if we believe this may result in more favorable terms. When we give a guaranty for a property owning entity, we will
be responsible to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness if it is not paid by the property owning entity. 

We may also obtain lines of credit to be
used to acquire properties or real estate-related assets. These lines of credit will be at prevailing market terms and will be
repaid from proceeds from the sale or refinancing of properties, working capital or permanent financing. Our Sponsor or its affiliates
may guarantee the lines of credit although they will not be obligated to do so. 

In addition to meeting working capital
needs and distributions to our stockholders, our capital resources are used to make certain payments to our Advisor and our Property
Manager, included payments related to asset acquisition fees and asset management fees, the reimbursement of acquisition related
expenses to our Advisor and property management fees. We also reimburse our Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses it incurs
for administrative and other services provided to us. Additionally, the Operating Partnership may be required to make distributions
to Lightstone SLP, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor. 

The following table represents the fees
incurred associated with the payments to our Advisor, our Dealer Manager, and our Property Manager for the periods indicated: 

* Generally, capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful
life of the associated asset. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$104.5 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand and $55.3 million of marketable securities, available for sale. 

Summary of Cash Flows   

The following summary discussion of our
cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes
in our cash flows for the periods presented below: 

Our principal demands for liquidity are
(i) our property operating expenses, (ii) real estate taxes, (iii) insurance costs, (iv) leasing costs and related tenant improvements,
(v) capital expenditures, (vi) acquisition, investment and development activities, (vii) scheduled debt service and (viii) distributions
to our stockholders and noncontrolling interests. The principal sources of funding for our operations are operating cash flows
and proceeds from (i) the sale and redemption of marketable securities, (ii) the selective disposition of properties or interests
in properties, (iii) redemptions of our preferred investments in related parties, (iv) the issuance of equity and debt securities
and (v) the placement of mortgage loans or other indebtedness. 

Operating activities   

Net cash flows provided by operating activities
of $20.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consists of the following: 

cash inflows of approximately $18.4 million from our net income from continuing operations after adjustment for non-cash items;
and   

cash inflows of approximately $2.1 million associated with the net changes in operating assets and liabilities.   

Investing activities   

The net cash provided by investing activities
of $85.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consists primarily of the following: 

purchases of investment property of approximately $2.6 million;   

release of restricted escrows of approximately $5.4 million;   

net preferred equity investments in related parties of $8.8 million;   

proceeds from the disposition of investment property and other real estate assets of $60.7 million;   

proceeds from the sale and redemption of marketable securities of $28.4 million; and   

Financing activities   

The net cash used by financing activities
of approximately $69.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily related to the following: 

distributions to our common shareholders of $13.4 million;   

redemptions and cancellation of common stock of $3.2 million;   

aggregate distributions to our noncontrolling interests of $9.9 million   

proceeds from mortgage financing of $20.4 million; and   

debt principal payments $62.9 million and loan fees and expenses of $0.7 million   

Preferred Investments   

We have entered into several agreements
with various related party entities that provide for us to make preferred contributions pursuant to certain instruments (the  Preferred
Investments ) that entitle us to monthly preferred distributions. The Preferred Investments had an aggregate balance of $147.1
million and $138.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and are classified as held-to-maturity
securities, recorded at cost and included in investments in related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we made $51.0 million of additional contributions and redeemed $42.2 million of the Preferred
Investments (the 365 Bond Street Preferred Investment) and as of September 30, 2016, remaining contributions of up to $70.4 million
were unfunded. 

The Preferred Investments are summarized
as follows: 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan ( DRIP ) and Share
Repurchase Program  

Our DRIP provides our stockholders with
an opportunity to purchase additional shares of our common stock at a discount by reinvesting distributions. Our share repurchase
program may provide our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares of common stock back
to us, subject to restrictions. From our inception through December 31, 2015 we repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares of
common stock and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we repurchased approximately 317,870 shares of common stock for $10.00
per share, pursuant to our share repurchase program. We funded share repurchases for the periods noted above from the cumulative
proceeds of the sale of our shares pursuant to our DRIP. 

On January 19, 2015, the Board of Directors
suspended our DRIP effective April 15, 2015. For so long as the DRIP remains suspended, all future distributions will be in the
form of cash. 

Our Board of Directors reserves the right
to terminate either program for any reason without cause by providing written notice of termination of the DRIP to all participants
or written notice of termination of the share repurchase program to all stockholders. 

Contractual Obligations    

The following is a summary of our contractual
obligations outstanding over the next five years and thereafter as of September 30, 2016. 

1)  The debt associated with the Gulf Coast Industrial Portfolio
was placed in default by the special service and is due on demand and therefore no future interest payments on this debt are included
in these amounts. 

Certain of our debt agreements require
the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage. As of September 30, 2016, we are in compliance with all of
our debt covenants; however, the debt associated with our Gulf Coast Industrial Portfolio was placed in default by the special
servicer during 2012 and is due on demand as discussed below. 

As a result of not meeting certain debt
service coverage ratios on the non-recourse mortgage indebtedness secured by the Gulf Coast Industrial Portfolio, the lender elected
to retain the excess cash flow from these properties beginning in July 2011.  During the third quarter of 2012, the loan was
transferred to a special servicer, who discontinued scheduled debt service payments and notified us that the loan was in default
and although originally due in February 2017 is now due on demand. 

Although the lender is currently not charging
or being paid interest at the stated default rate, we are accruing default interest expense pursuant to the terms of the loan agreement.
Default interest expense of $0.5 million and $1.5 million was accrued for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. As a result, cumulative accrued default interest expense of approximately $8.6 million and $7.1 million
is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Although we have had various discussions with the special servicer to restructure
the terms of the loan, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in these efforts. However, we do not expect to pay
any of the accrued default interest expense as this mortgage indebtedness is non-recourse to us.  Additionally, we believe
the continued loss of excess cash flow from these properties and the special servicer s placement of the non-recourse mortgage
indebtedness in default will not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

Additionally, our mortgage loan (outstanding
principal balance of $25.7 million as of September 30, 2016) secured by Oakview Plaza matures in January 2017. We currently intend
to seek to refinance and/or repay in full, using cash proceeds from the potential sale of assets or available cash, such existing
indebtedness on or before its applicable stated maturity. Other than these financings, we have no additional significant maturities
of mortgage debt over the next 12 months. 

Notes Payable   

Margin Loan   

We have access to a margin loan (the  Margin
Loan ) from a financial institution that holds custody of certain of our marketable securities. The Margin Loan, which is
due on demand, bears interest at Libor plus 0.85% (1.38% as of September 30, 2016) and is collateralized by the marketable securities
in our account. The amounts available to us under the Margin Loan are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited
to the amount of collateral in our account. There were no amounts outstanding under the Margin Loan as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2016. 

Line of Credit   

On September 14, 2012, we entered into
a non-revolving credit facility (the  Line of Credit ) with a financial institution which permits borrowings up to
$25.0 million. The Line of Credit expires on June 19, 2017 and bears interest at Libor plus 1.35% (1.88% as of September 30, 2016).
The Line of Credit is collateralized by approximately 252,000 Marco OP Units and PRO guaranteed the Line of Credit. The amount
outstanding under the Line of Credit was $18.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and is included in Notes Payable on the consolidated
balance sheets. We currently intend to seek to extend or replace the Line of Credit on or before its expiration. If we are unable
to extend or replace the Line of Credit, we will repay the then outstanding balance in full at the expiration date using cash proceeds
from the sale of assets or redemptions of our preferred investments in related parties. 

Funds from Operations and Modified
Funds from Operations   

The historical accounting convention used
for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings, improvements, and straight-line amortization of intangibles,
which implies that the value of a real estate asset diminishes predictably over time. We believe that, because real estate values
historically rise and fall with market conditions, including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business cycle,
unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using the historical accounting convention for
depreciation and certain other items may be less informative. 

Because of these factors, the National Association
of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure of performance
known as funds from operations ( FFO ), which is used in the REIT industry as a supplemental performance measure. We
believe FFO, which excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, is an appropriate supplemental
measure of a REIT's operating performance. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent
with the standards set forth in the White Paper on FFO approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as revised in February 2004
(the  White Paper ). The White Paper defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, but excluding
gains or losses from sales of property and real estate related impairments, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization,
and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 

We believe that the use of FFO provides a
more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and, when compared year over year, reflects the
impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and
interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 

Changes in the accounting and reporting promulgations
under GAAP that were put into effect in 2009 subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT's definition of FFO, such as the change
to expense as incurred rather than capitalize and depreciate acquisition fees and expenses incurred for business combinations,
have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, as items that are expensed under
GAAP across all industries. These changes had a particularly significant impact on publicly registered, non-listed REITs, which
typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early part of their existence, particularly during the period
when they are raising capital through ongoing initial public offerings. 

Because of these factors, the Investment
Program Association ( IPA ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure of performance known as modified
funds from operations ( MFFO ), which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure for publicly registered, non-listed
REITs. MFFO is designed to be reflective of the ongoing operating performance of publicly registered, non-listed REITs by adjusting
for those costs that are more reflective of acquisitions and investment activity, along with other items the IPA believes are not
indicative of the ongoing operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT, such as straight-lining of rents as
required by GAAP. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we believe
that, when compared year over year, both before and after we have deployed all of our offering proceeds and are no longer incurring
a significant amount of acquisition fees or other related costs, it reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy
rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent
from net income. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent
with the IPA's Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from
Operations (the  Practice Guideline ) issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO
further adjusted for acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses and other items. In calculating MFFO, we follow the
Practice Guideline and exclude the following items: 

acquisition fees and expenses; non-cash amounts related
to straight-line rent and the amortization of above- or below-market and in-place intangible lease assets and liabilities (which
are adjusted in order to reflect such payments from an accrual basis of accounting under GAAP to a cash basis of accounting); 

amortization of a premium and accretion of a discount on debt investments;   

non-recurring impairment of real estate-related investments;   

realized gains (losses) from the early extinguishment of debt;   

realized gains (losses) on the extinguishment or sales of hedges, foreign exchange, securities and other derivative holdings
except where the trading of such instruments is a fundamental attribute of our business;   

unrealized gains (losses) from fair value adjustments on real estate securities, including CMBS and other securities, interest
rate swaps and other derivatives not deemed hedges and foreign exchange holdings;   

unrealized gains (losses) from the consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting;   

adjustments related to contingent purchase price obligations; and   

adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis
as above.   

Certain of the above adjustments are also
made to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, such as for the amortization of a premium
and accretion of a discount on debt and securities investments, amortization of fees, any unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives,
securities or other investments, as well as other adjustments. 

MFFO excludes non-recurring impairment of
real estate-related investments. We assess the credit quality of our investments and adequacy of reserves on a quarterly basis,
or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated net recoverable value
of a loan as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and the status of
any senior debt, the prospects for the borrower and the competitive situation of the region where the borrower does business. 

We believe that, because MFFO excludes costs
that we consider more reflective of acquisition activities and other non-operating items, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward
basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance after
the period in which we are acquiring properties and once our portfolio is stabilized. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized
measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT industry and allows for an evaluation of our performance against
other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. 

Not all REITs, including publicly registered,
non-listed REITs, calculate FFO and MFFO the same way. Accordingly, comparisons with other REITs, including publicly registered,
non-listed REITs, may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs
and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations as determined under
GAAP as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our liquidity, or
indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and MFFO
should be reviewed in conjunction with GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. FFO and MFFO should not be construed
to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability in evaluating
our operating performance. The methods utilized to evaluate the performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT under GAAP
should be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance and considered more prominently than the non-GAAP measures,
FFO and MFFO, and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. 

Neither the SEC, NAREIT, the IPA nor any
other regulatory body or industry trade group has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate
FFO or MFFO. In the future, NAREIT, the IPA or another industry trade group may publish updates  

The below table illustrates the items deducted
in the calculation of FFO and MFFO. Items are presented net of non-controlling interest portions where applicable. 

Notes:  

(1)   The purchase of properties, and the corresponding expenses associated with that process, is a key operational feature of our
business plan to generate operational income and cash flows in order to make distributions to investors. In evaluating investments
in real estate, management differentiates the costs to acquire the investment from the operations derived from the investment.
Such information would be comparable only for non-listed REITs that have completed their acquisition activity and have other similar
operating characteristics. By excluding expensed acquisition costs, management believes MFFO provides useful supplemental information
that is comparable for each type of real estate investment and is consistent with management s analysis of the investing
and operating performance of our properties. Acquisition fees and expenses include payments to our advisor or third parties. Acquisition
fees and expenses under GAAP are considered operating expenses and as expenses included in the determination of net income and
income from continuing operations, both of which are performance measures under GAAP. Such fees and expenses are paid in cash,
and therefore such funds will not be available to distribute to investors. Such fees and expenses negatively impact our operating
performance during the period in which properties are being acquired. Therefore, MFFO may not be an accurate indicator of our operating
performance, especially during periods in which properties are being acquired. All paid and accrued acquisition fees and expenses
will have negative effects on returns to investors, the potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless
earnings from operations or net sales proceeds from the disposition of properties are generated to cover the purchase price of
the property, these fees and expenses and other costs related to the property. Acquisition fees and expenses will not be paid or
reimbursed, as applicable, to our advisor even if there are no further proceeds from the sale of shares in our offering, and therefore
such fees and expenses would need to be paid from either additional debt, operational earnings or cash flows, net proceeds from
the sale of properties or from ancillary cash flows.   

(2)    Under GAAP, certain intangibles are accounted for at cost and reviewed at least annually for impairment, and certain intangibles
are assumed to diminish predictably in value over time and amortized, similar to depreciation and amortization of other real estate
related assets that are excluded from FFO. However, because real estate values and market lease rates historically rise or fall
with market conditions, management believes that by excluding charges relating to amortization of these intangibles, MFFO provides
useful supplemental information on the performance of the real estate.   

(3)   Management believes that adjusting for mark-to-market adjustments is appropriate because they are nonrecurring items that may
not be reflective of ongoing operations and reflects unrealized impacts on value based only on then current market conditions,
although they may be based upon current operational issues related to an individual property or industry or general market conditions.
Mark-to-market adjustments are made for items such as ineffective derivative instruments, certain marketable securities and any
other items that GAAP requires we make a mark-to-market adjustment for. The need to reflect mark-to-market adjustments is a continuous
process and is analyzed on a quarterly and/or annual basis in accordance with GAAP.   

(4)   Management believes that adjusting for gains or losses related to extinguishment/sale of debt, derivatives or securities holdings
is appropriate because they are items that may not be reflective of ongoing operations. By excluding these items, management believes
that MFFO provides supplemental information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other reporting
periods.   

(5)   Under GAAP, rental receipts are allocated to periods using various methodologies. This may result in income recognition that
is significantly different than underlying contract terms. By adjusting for these items (to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual
basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments), MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the realized
economic impact of lease terms and debt investments, providing insight on the contractual cash flows of such lease terms and debt
investments, and aligns results with management s analysis of operating performance.   

(6)   Our MFFO results include certain unusual items as set forth in the table below. We believe it is helpful to our investors in
understanding our operating results to both highlight them and present adjusted MFFO excluding their impact (as shown below).   

(a)  Represents default interest expense on our non-recourse mortgage loan collateralized by our Gulf Coast Industrial Portfolio.
Although the lender is currently not charging us or being paid interest at the stated default rate, we have accrued interest at
the default rate pursuant to the terms of the loan agreement. Additionally, we have had various discussions with the special servicer
to restructure the terms of the non-recourse mortgage loan and do not expect to pay any of the default interest.   

Excluding the impact of these unusual items from our MFFO, after
taking into consideration allocations to noncontrolling interests, our adjusted MFFO would have been $6,274 and $4,388 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $18,176 and $15,050 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

The table below presents our cumulative distributions paid and
cumulative FFO attributable to the Company s common shares: 

On October 14, 2016, the distribution for
the three-month period ending September 30, 2016 of $4.5 million was paid in cash. The entire distribution was paid from cash flows
provided from operations. 

On July 15, 2016, the distribution for
the three-month period ending June 30, 2016 of $4.4 million was paid in cash. The entire distribution was paid from cash flows
provided from operations. 

On April 15, 2016, the distribution for
the three-month period ending March 31, 2016 of $4.5 million was paid in cash. The entire distribution was paid from cash flows
provided from operations. 

The amount of distributions
paid to our stockholders in the future will be determined by our Board and is dependent on a number of factors, including funds
available for payment of dividends, our financial condition, capital expenditure requirements and annual distribution requirements
needed to maintain our status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information of certain accounting standards that have been adopted during 2016 and certain accounting
standards that we have not yet been required to implement and may be applicable to our future operations. 

Subsequent Events  

See Note 12 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to subsequent events during the period from October
1, 2016 through the date of this filing. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Market risk includes risks that arise from
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect
market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business plan, we expect that the primary market risk to which we will be exposed
is interest rate risk. 

We may be exposed to the effects of interest
rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund the expansion and refinancing of our real
estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives will be to limit the impact of interest
rate changes on earnings, prepayment penalties and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs while taking into account variable
interest rate risk. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative
financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument.
We will not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 

As of September
30, 2016, we held various marketable securities with a fair value of approximately $55.3 million, which are available for sale
for general investment return purposes. We regularly review the market prices of these investments for impairment purposes. As
of September 30, 2016, a hypothetical adverse 10% movement in market values would result in a hypothetical loss in fair value of
approximately $5.3 million. 

The following table shows the contractually
scheduled principal maturities of our mortgage debt during the next five years and thereafter as of September 30, 2016: 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted escrows, tenants  accounts receivable, interest receivable from
related parties, accounts payable and accrued expenses and the loans due to related parties approximated their fair values because
of the short maturity of these instruments. T he estimated fair value of the notes payable (line of
credit) approximated its carrying value  ($18.6 million) because of its floating interest rate. The carrying amount
reported in the consolidated balance sheets for the mortgage receivable approximated its fair value based upon current market information
that would have been used by a market participant to estimate the fair value of such loan. 

The estimated fair value of the Company s
mortgage debt is summarized as follows: 

The fair value of the mortgage payable
was determined by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by estimated current market interest rates. 

In addition to changes in interest
rates, the value of our real estate and real estate related investments is subject to fluctuations based on changes in local and
regional economic conditions and changes in the creditworthiness of lessees, which may affect our ability to refinance our debt
if necessary. 

We cannot predict the effect of adverse
changes in interest rates on our debt and, therefore, our exposure to market risk, nor can we provide any assurance that long-term
debt will be available at advantageous pricing. Consequently, future results may differ materially from the estimated adverse changes
discussed above. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

As of the end of the
period covered by this report, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of the evaluation, our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported as and when required. 

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There were no significant deficiencies
or material weaknesses identified in the evaluation, and therefore, no corrective actions were taken. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION:  

    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

From time to time in the ordinary course
of business, we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

On July 13, 2011, JF Capital Advisors,
filed a lawsuit against The Lightstone Group, LLC, us and Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York seeking payment for services alleged to have been rendered, and to be rendered prospectively, under
theories of unjust enrichment and breach of contract. The plaintiff had a limited business arrangement with The Lightstone Group,
LLC; that arrangement has been terminated. We filed a motion to dismiss the action and, on January 31, 2012, the Supreme Court
dismissed the complaint in its entirety, but granted the plaintiff leave to replead two limited causes of action. 

The plaintiff filed an amended complaint
on May 18, 2012, bringing limited claims under theories of unjust enrichment and quantum meruit. On November 21, 2012, the court
dismissed this second complaint in part, leaving only $164 (plus interest) in potential damages. The plaintiff appealed this decision
and Lightstone cross-appealed arguing that the case should have been dismissed in full. The appeals court denied plaintiff s
motion and granted defendants  motion, as a result of which all claims were dismissed on March 25, 2014. The plaintiff filed
a motion requesting the right to re-appeal to the Court of Appeals, which was granted on August 1, 2014. 

Plaintiff has appealed to the Court of
Appeals, which affirmed in part and denied in part, leaving a smaller number of claims available to the Plaintiff. Plaintiff has
indicated that it intends to continue to pursue these claims in the trial court. 

While any proceeding or litigation has
an element of uncertainty, management currently believes that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to any of the
aforementioned legal proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. 

As of the date hereof, we are not a party
to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect
on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency and possible
range of loss. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

During the period
covered by this Form 10-Q, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit  
          Number   

Description    

31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15 d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.   
 
      32.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551 this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.    
 
      32.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551 this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.    
 
      101*  
       
      XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language). The following financial information from Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (4) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (6) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement.   

*Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE     INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.    

Date:     November 14, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ David Lichtenstein   

David Lichtenstein   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:     November 14, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ Donna Brandin   

Donna Brandin   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
         (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
        Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452202_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certifications  

I, David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have:  

a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein                     

David Lichtenstein 

 Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452202_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  Certifications  

 I, Donna Brandin, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have:  

a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Donna Brandin                      

 Donna Brandin 

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452202_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. (the  Company )
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein                     

David Lichtenstein 

 Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452202_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Donna Brandin, the Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. (the  Company )
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Donna Brandin                     

Donna Brandin 

 Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik1296884-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik1296884-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik1296884-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik1296884-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik1296884-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik1296884-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

