<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_39648_0000039648-16-000049_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5143103</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103648</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>353586</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1508127</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2211413</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>880264</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000039648-16-000049.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101095451
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000039648-16-000049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			G&K SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000039648
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				410449530
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0702

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04063
		FILM NUMBER:		161963512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5995 OPUS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55343
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9529125500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5995 OPUS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55343

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTHWEST LINEN CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19681227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000039648-16-000049.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 q1gk-2016101x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
   ________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
   ________________________________ 
     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   October 1, 2016    
  Commission file number 0-4063 
   _________________________________ 

G K SERVICES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   _________________________________ 
                   MINNESOTA 
      
    41-0449530 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

5995 OPUS PARKWAY 
  MINNETONKA, MINNESOTA 55343 
  (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code (952) 912-5500 
   __________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes           No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 
  Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share, outstanding 
  October 27, 2016   was   19,722,051   shares 

Table of Contents  

G K Services, Inc. 
  Form 10-Q 
  Table of Contents 

PAGE 
       PART I  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the three months ended October 1, 2016  
    6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
    7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    19 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
    25 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    26 

PART II  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    27 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    27 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    28 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    29 
       Signatures  
    30 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  G K Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  G K Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  G K Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  G K Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  G K Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

G K SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation for Interim Financial Statements 
  The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of G K Services, Inc. (the "Company" or "G K") as set forth in this quarterly report have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes and other financial information that are normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States can be condensed or omitted. Our accounting policies are described in "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016   ("fiscal year   2016  "). Management is responsible for the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this document. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this document are unaudited but, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position as of   October 1, 2016  , the results of our operations and cash flows for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  . 
  The results of operations for the   three month periods ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes included in our fiscal year   2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation 
  On August 15, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Cintas Corporation ("Cintas")  and Bravo Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas ( Merger Sub ), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the  Merger ). As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will survive as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas. The Merger is currently expected to close not later than the second quarter of calendar year 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including, without limitation, (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the  HSR Act ), and the requisite approval from the Competition Bureau of Canada pursuant to the Canada Competition Act being obtained and (ii) the requisite shareholder approval being received. During the   three months ended     October 1, 2016  , we incurred costs of   $6,056   related to the pending Merger for employee-related expenses, professional services and regulatory fees. Many of these expenses are non-deductible for income tax purposes. The after-tax effect of these items is   $4,737   which represents   $0.24   per share. See   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.  
           Inventory and Merchandise in Service 
  The components of inventory as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016   are as follows:    

We review the estimated useful lives of our merchandise in service assets on a periodic basis or when trends in our business indicate that the useful lives for certain products might have changed. The selection of estimated useful lives is a sensitive estimate in which a change in lives could have a material impact on our results of operations. There were   no   material changes to the estimated periods in which the assets will be in service for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  . 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Goodwill 
  Goodwill by segment is as follows: 

2. New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued updated guidance to clarify revenue recognition principles, which is intended to improve disclosure requirements and enhance the comparability of revenue recognition practices. Improved disclosures under the amended guidance relate to the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized from contracts with customers. This guidance will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs is reported as interest expense.  This guidance will be effective for us beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 and is required to be applied on a retrospective basis. We anticipate the implementation of this guidance will not have a material impact on the presentation of our financial position and will have no impact on our results of operations or cash flows.  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance to simplify the measurement of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  This guidance will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. We anticipate the implementation of this guidance will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. This guidance will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance, which is intended to increase transparency and comparability by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance, which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and classification of excess tax benefits and shares withheld for taxes in the statement of cash flows. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The adoption of this guidance is expected to increase the volatility of our effective tax rate as the tax benefits and deficiencies related to stock options exercised and restricted stock vestings are recorded as increases and decreases in income tax expense. In addition, these benefits and deficiencies are reflected within operating cash flows rather than being recorded within equity and reflected as a financing cash flow. As part of the adoption of this guidance we have elected to account for forfeitures of share-based awards as they occur. We continue to reflect tax withholding payments made on an employee's behalf for shares withheld for taxes as a financing cash flow in accordance with the new guidance. The cumulative-effect adjustment of these changes on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   October 1, 2016   was   $604  , net of tax, increasing retained earnings and decreasing paid-in capital. The impact on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   was a   $823   benefit in income tax expense. Our excess tax benefit is no longer included in the calculation of diluted shares under the treasury stock method, which resulted in an increase of   102,000   shares in the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016  . The election to recognize forfeitures as they occur resulted in an immaterial increase in stock based compensation expense for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016  . 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance regarding the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This guidance will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019,  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

although early adoption is permitted.  We are     currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
   
  3. Earnings Per Share 
  Accounting guidance for participating securities and the two-class method addresses whether awards granted in unvested share-based payment transactions that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and therefore are included in computing earnings per share under the two-class method. Participating securities are securities that may participate in dividends with common stock and the two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that treats a participating security as having rights to earnings that would otherwise have been available to common shareholders. Under the two-class method, earnings for the period are allocated between common shareholders and other shareholders, based on their respective rights to receive dividends. Certain restricted stock awards granted under our equity plans are considered participating securities as these awards receive non-forfeitable dividends at the same rate as common stock. 
  The computations of our basic and diluted earnings per share for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   are as follows:    

We excluded potential common shares related to our outstanding equity compensation grants of   27,000   and   125,000   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   from the computation of diluted earnings per share. Inclusion of these shares would have been anti-dilutive. 
  
   10 

Table of Contents  

4. Other Assets and Other Noncurrent Liabilities 
  Other assets as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016   included the following: 

The customer contracts include the combined value of the written service agreements and the related customer relationship. Customer contracts are amortized over a weighted average life of approximately   10   years and are as follows: 

Amortization expense was   $348   and   $378   for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years based on the intangible assets as of   October 1, 2016   is as follows: 

Other noncurrent liabilities as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016   included the following: 

11 

Table of Contents  

5. Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016   included the following: 

We have a   $350,000   unsecured revolver with a syndicate of banks, which expires on   April 15, 2020  . Domestic U.S. Dollar borrowings under this revolver generally bear interest at the adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate ("  LIBOR  ") for specified periods plus a margin, which can range from   1.00%   to   1.75%  , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio and can be expanded by   $200,000   to a total of   $550,000  . 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , there was   $97,000   outstanding under this revolver. The unused portion of the revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, dividends, working capital needs and to provide up to   $45,000   in letters of credit. As of   October 1, 2016  , we had   no   letters of credit outstanding under this revolver. As of   October 1, 2016  , there is a fee of   0.15%   of the unused daily balance of this revolver.  
  As a result of the proposed merger with Cintas (see   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) and the cessation of our share repurchase program, we expect to generate excess cash flow over the next 12 months, which we expect to use to pay down our unsecured revolver. Therefore,   $22,000   has been classified as current maturities of long-term debt. 
  Availability of credit under this revolver requires that we maintain compliance with certain covenants, which are the most restrictive when compared to our other credit facilities. The following table illustrates compliance with regard to the material financial covenants required by the terms of this revolver as of   October 1, 2016  :    

Our maximum leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio covenants are calculated by adding back certain non-cash charges, as defined in this revolver. 
  Borrowings outstanding as of   October 1, 2016   under this revolver bear interest at a weighted average effective rate of   1.67%  . 
  We recently renewed our   $50,000   accounts receivable securitization facility, which was due to expire on   September 27, 2016  . The new expiration date is scheduled for September 26, 2017. We intend to refinance these borrowings on or before the expiration date or pay the outstanding balance using our unsecured revolver. There were no material changes to the terms of the facility. Under the terms of the facility, we pay interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus a margin of   0.75%  . The facility is subject to customary fees, including a rate per annum equal to   0.80%   for the issuance of letters of credit and   0.26%   for any unused portion of the facility. As is customary with transactions of this nature, our eligible accounts receivable are sold to a consolidated subsidiary. As of   October 1, 2016  , there was   $23,548   outstanding under this securitization facility and there were   $26,452   of letters of credit outstanding, primarily related to our property and casualty insurance programs. Borrowings outstanding as of   October 1, 2016   under this facility bear interest at an average effective rate of   1.28%  . 
  We have   $100,000   of fixed rate unsecured senior notes with   $50,000   of the notes bearing interest at a fixed interest rate of   3.73%   per annum maturing   April 15, 2023   and   $50,000   of the notes bearing interest at a fixed interest rate of   3.88%   per annum maturing on   April 15, 2025  . Interest on the notes is payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15. As of   October 1, 2016  , the outstanding balance of the notes was   $100,000   at an effective rate of   3.81%  . 
  See   Note 6, "Derivative Financial Instruments,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details of our interest rate swap and hedging activities related to our outstanding debt. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

6. Derivative Financial Instruments 
  In the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to various market risks. We utilize derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk and manage the total debt that is subject to variable and fixed interest rates. These interest rate swap contracts modify our exposure to interest rate risk by converting variable rate debt to a fixed rate or by locking in the benchmark interest rate on forecasted issuances of fixed rate debt. 
  For derivative financial instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in fair value on the derivative financial instrument is reported as a component of "Accumulated other comprehensive income" and reclassified into the "Interest expense" line item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period as the expenses from the cash flows of the interest expense are recognized. Cash payments or receipts are included in "Net cash provided by operating activities" in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the same period as the cash is settled. We perform an assessment at the inception of the hedge and on a quarterly basis thereafter to determine whether our derivatives are highly effective in offsetting changes in the value of the hedged items. Any change in the fair value resulting from hedge ineffectiveness is immediately recognized as income or expense. 
  We do not have any derivative financial instruments that have been designated as either a fair value hedge, a hedge of net investment in a foreign operation, or that are held for trading or speculative purposes. Cash flows associated with derivative financial instruments are classified in the same category as the cash flows hedged in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , we held a   $75,000   interest rate swap contract which will limit our exposure to interest rate risk and pursuant to which we will pay fixed rates of interest and receive variable rates of interest based on the one-month    LIBOR  . The   15   year swap contract has an effective interest rate of   2.35%  , with a start date of July 1, 2016 and an end date of July 1, 2031 and is a highly effective cash flow hedge.  Gains or losses on any ineffectiveness are not expected to be material to any period. 
  The following table summarizes our derivative financial instrument liabilities and the classification on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016  : 

A net loss of   $4,067   is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income as of   October 1, 2016  , of which a   $714   loss is expected to be reclassified to interest expense in the next 12 months. 
  As of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016  , all derivative financial instruments were designated as hedging instruments. 
   
   7. Fair Value Measurements 
  Generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and establishes disclosure requirements about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We considered non-performance risk when determining fair value of our derivative financial instruments. The fair value hierarchy prescribed under GAAP contains the following three levels: 
  Level 1   unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 
  Level 2   other observable inputs available at the measurement date, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, either directly or indirectly, including: 
  -quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 
  -quoted prices for identical or similar assets in non-active markets; 
  -inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and 
  -inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by other observable market data. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Level 3   unobservable inputs that cannot be corroborated by observable market data and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s estimates of market participant assumptions. 
  We do not have any Level 3 assets or liabilities and we have not transferred any items between fair value levels during the   first quarter of   fiscal years   2016   or   2017  . 
  The following tables summarize the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016  : 

The cash surrender value of life insurance policies are primarily investments established to fund the obligations of the Company's non-qualified, non-contributory supplemental executive retirement plan (SERP).  
  The money market, equity and fixed income mutual funds are investments established to fund the Company's non-qualified deferred compensation plan.  The Company classifies these investments as trading securities, and, as a result, unrealized gains and losses are included in earnings.  Changes in the deferred compensation liability as a result of the changes in the fair value of investments are also included in earnings resulting in no impact to net income. 
  The following tables summarize the fair value of assets and liabilities recorded at historical cost as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016  : 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

8. Employee Benefit Plans 
  Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
  On   December 31, 2006  , we froze our pension and SERP plans for all participants. 
  The components of net periodic pension cost for these plans for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   are as follows: 

During the first three months of fiscal year   2017  , we contributed approximately   $180   to the pension plans. 
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, in an effort to continue to reduce the risk in the Company's noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (the "Pension Plan"), we announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity to former employees who were vested participants in the Pension Plan to request early payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. Eligible participants who wished to receive the lump sum payment were required to make an election between May 16, 2016 and July 15, 2016, and payments were made on or before August 31, 2016. All payments were made from the Pension Plan trust assets. The target population had a total liability of   $34,200   as of   July 2, 2016  . Based upon the participation rate of eligible participants, the amount of total payments was   $17,281   and resulted in a plan remeasurement and the recognition of a   $6,010   settlement loss, or   $0.19   per share, related to the pro-rata portion of the unamortized net actuarial loss which was recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  . 
  Multi-Employer Pension Plans 
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we made an   $813   settlement payment related to a union sponsored multi-employer pension plan ("MEPP"). Following this payment, we no longer have any liabilities for MEPPs and we no longer participate in any MEPPs in the United States. 
  We made total payments related to our MEPP liabilities of   $921   and   $297   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. There are   no   remaining liabilities for MEPPs as of   October 1, 2016  . 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

9. Income Taxes 
  Our effective tax rate increased to   39.6%   in the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   from   38.0%   in the   three months ended     September 26, 2015  . The current period tax rate is higher than the prior year period due to   $3,800   of non-deductible expenses associated with the proposed merger with Cintas (see   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). This additional tax expense was partially offset by a tax benefit of   $823   related to the adoption of new equity compensation accounting rules (see   Note 2, "New Accounting Pronouncements,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). 
   
  10. Stockholders' Equity 
  Share Repurchase Program 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , we had a   $275,000   share repurchase program. For the three months ended   October 1, 2016   we did not repurchase any shares under this repurchase program. For the three months ended   September 26, 2015   we repurchased   86,196   shares in open market transactions totaling   $5,882  . As of   October 1, 2016  , we had   $94,043   remaining under this program. As a result of the proposed merger with Cintas, we have suspended additional repurchases under the repurchase program. 
  Share-Based Compensation 
  Compensation cost for share-based compensation plans is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award and forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. We grant share-based awards, primarily consisting of restricted stock and options to purchase our common stock. Stock options are granted to employees and directors for a fixed number of shares with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the shares at the date of grant. Share-based compensation is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and was   $1,855   and   $1,941   for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  .  As share-based compensation expense is recognized, a deferred tax asset is recorded that represents an estimate of the future tax deduction from the exercise of stock options or release of restrictions on the restricted stock. At the time share-based awards are exercised or canceled, or they expire or restrictions lapse, we recognize adjustments to income tax expense. No amount of share-based compensation expense was capitalized during the periods presented.  The number of options exercised and restricted stock vested since   July 2, 2016   was   114,000   shares. 
   
  11. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   were as follows: 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   were as follows: 

Income tax (expense) benefit for each component of other comprehensive income were as follows: 

12. Contingent Liabilities 
  Environmental Matters 
  From time-to-time, we are involved in environmental-related proceedings by certain governmental agencies, which relate primarily to allegedly operating certain facilities in noncompliance with required permits. In addition to these proceedings, in the normal course of our business, we are subject to, among other things, periodic inspections by regulatory agencies, and we are involved in the remediation of various properties. 
    
  In particular, we have   three   projects nearing completion, which we expect will be completed within previously established reserves. We also have   four   other projects on which we are currently working and we expect these will be completed within previously established reserves. Historically, we have borne our property remediation costs as part of our ongoing operations. As part of the second set of projects mentioned above, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, we determined it was likely that the parties that are contractually obligated to remediate contamination resulting from prior use of perchloroethylene, or PCE and other contaminants at   three   of our previously purchased locations would not be able to continue to meet these obligations because of their respective financial condition. These acquisitions date as far back as the 1970s; the most recent one was in 2007. As a result of the foregoing, as of   October 1, 2016   and   July 2, 2016  , we had remediation-related reserves of approximately   $3,314   and   $3,607   respectively, related to these matters.  The expense for these matters was not material for the   three months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  . 
    
  In order to determine whether any additional exposure for remediation exists, we assessed   six   additional sites which we acquired that had historical dry cleaning operations. Our assessment of these sites is complete, with no further action required. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

Legal Matters 
  As part of its general enforcement efforts, over the past four years, the U.S. Department of Labor, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) initiated compliance evaluations at a number of our locations to review and assess our current affirmative action activities and employment practices. To close all outstanding compliance evaluations, we entered into a Conciliation Agreement with the OFCCP agreeing to take proactive efforts to address any remaining issues or concerns that were raised by the agency, none of which we expect will have a material impact on our ongoing operations. All amounts that we agreed to pay under this agreement were within previously established reserves. 
  We have had an ongoing dispute with Talent Creation, a Chinese supplier for our former GKdirect managed uniform business. We divested our GKdirect managed uniform business in December 2013. The dispute revolved around the 2010 termination of the parties' agreement.  The dispute was submitted to arbitration, and in April 2016, the arbitrator issued an order awarding approximately   $1,300   to Talent Creation, consisting of raw material costs, post-termination warehousing costs and awards for violations of non-compete and non-solicitation provisions in the parties' contract. G K filed its petition to vacate the award with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio in May 2016, after which Talent Creation filed a cross petition to confirm the award. Briefing on the cross motions concluded in September 2016.  We believe the liability established for this matter will cover the court of appeals' decision and believe that the possibility of a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition is remote. 
  See   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details of litigation related to the Merger. 
   
  13. Segment Information 
  We have   two   operating segments, United States (includes our Dominican Republic operations) and Canada, which have been identified as components of our organization that are reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer to determine resource allocation and evaluate performance. Each operating segment derives revenue from the branded uniform and facility services programs. Our largest customer represents approximately   2%   of our total revenue. All of our customers are in the United States and Canada. 
  We evaluate performance based on income from operations. Financial information by segment for the   three month periods ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   is as follows:  

14. Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation 
    
  On August 15, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Cintas and Merger Sub, pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Merger will be consumated. As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will survive as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas. The Merger is currently expected to close not later than the second quarter of calendar year 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including, without limitation, (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act, and the requisite approval from the Competition Bureau of Canada pursuant to the Canada Competition Act being obtained and (ii) the requisite shareholder approval being received. 
  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the consummation of the Merger (the  Effective Time ), each share of common stock of the Company ( Class A Common Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than dissenting shares and shares held by the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or Cintas, Merger Sub or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas) will be converted into the right to receive $  97.50   in cash. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants that we  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

must observe, including certain interim operating covenants that may restrict our operations during the pendency of the Merger, subject to certain exceptions. If the Merger is completed, certain change of control and severance provisions of our compensation arrangements will be triggered at the Effective Time. In addition, the Merger Agreement also contains certain termination rights that may require us to pay Cintas a   $60,000   termination fee. For additional details of the Merger and the terms thereof, refer to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2016. 
  During the   three months ended     October 1, 2016  , we incurred costs of   $6,056   related to the pending Merger for employee-related expenses, professional services and regulatory fees. Many of these expenses are non-deductible for income tax purposes. The after-tax effect of these items is   $4,737   which represents   $0.24   per share. 
  On September 29, 2016, each of the Company and Cintas received a request for additional information and documentary material, commonly referred to as a  second request,  from the Federal Trade Commission (the  FTC ), pursuant to the HSR Act, in connection with the Merger. A  second request  is a routine part of the FTC s review of proposed transactions. The FTC s  second request  has the effect of extending the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger until the 30th day after substantial compliance by the Company and Cintas with the  second request,  unless the waiting period is extended voluntarily by the parties or terminated sooner by the FTC.  
  On October 12, 2016, each of the Company and Cintas received a supplemental information request, commonly referred to as SIR, from the Competition Bureau of Canada, pursuant to the Canada Competition Act, in connection with the Merger.  SIR is part of the prescribed process for review of proposed transactions in Canada and has the effect of extending the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger until the 30th day after compliance by the Company and Cintas with the SIR.  
  Litigation Related to the Merger 
  On September 26, 2016, a putative shareholder class action lawsuit, captioned Klein v. G K Services, Incorporated, et al., Civil Action No. 16-cv-03198 (DWF) (KMM), was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, against the Company and the members of the Company's Board of Directors. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and alleges, among other things, that the Company s proxy statement contains false and misleading statements and/or omits material information. The complaint seeks, among other things, injunctive relief preventing consumption of the Merger, monetary damages and an award of attorneys  fees and expenses. On October 28, 2016, the Company filed a Form 8-K with the SEC making supplemental disclosures to the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on September 29, 2016.  Also on October 28, 2016, the parties filed a stipulation, and the court entered an order, dismissing this action with prejudice as to the named plaintiff and without prejudice as to all other putative class members, with the court retaining jurisdiction over the action for the purpose of considering any application by plaintiff s counsel for an award of attorneys  fees and reimbursement of expenses. 
   
  ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  Overview 
  G K Services, Inc., founded in 1902 and headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, is a service-focused provider of branded uniform and facility services programs. We deliver value to our customers by enhancing their image and brand, and by promoting workplace safety, security and cleanliness. We accomplish this by providing a wide range of workwear and protective safety apparel through rental and direct purchase programs. We also supply a variety of facility products and services, including floor mats, towels, mops, restroom hygiene products, and first aid supplies. 
  We operate our business by executing a business strategy called our Game Plan, which is focused on delivering superior customer service and a commitment to operational excellence.  Our Game Plan has four elements: 
  1.     Keep our customer promise 
  2.     Accelerate focused growth 
  3.     Drive operational excellence, and 
  4.     Strengthen our high performing team 
  Executing this strategy led to significant improvement in our business performance and financial results, including solid organic revenue growth, expanded operating margins, and strong cash flows. 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

We use several financial metrics to measure the progress of our strategy.  Our primary focus is on improving profitability, which we measure using operating income margin, and return on invested capital ("ROIC"), which we define as annualized adjusted income from operations after tax, divided by the sum of total debt less cash plus stockholders  equity.  We are also focused on driving revenue growth, measured primarily using the organic growth rate, which is calculated using revenue, adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate differences, acquisitions and divestitures.  Finally, we strive to maximize cash flow provided by operating activities. 
  Our operating results are affected by the volatility in key input costs, especially cotton, polyester, crude oil and foreign currency exchange rates, which may contribute to significant changes in merchandise, labor and energy costs. 
  Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation 
  On August 15, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Cintas Corporation ("Cintas") and Bravo Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas ( Merger Sub ) pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the  Merger ). As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will survive as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas. The Merger is currently expected to close not later than the second quarter of calendar year 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including, without limitation, (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the  HSR Act ), and the requisite approval from the Competition Bureau of Canada pursuant to the Canada Competition Act being obtained and (ii) the requisite shareholder approval being received. 
  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the consummation of the Merger (the  Effective Time ), each share of common stock of the Company ( Class A Common Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than dissenting shares and shares held by the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or Cintas, Merger Sub or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas) will be converted into the right to receive $  97.50   in cash. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants that we must observe, including certain interim operating covenants that may restrict our operations during the pendency of the Merger, subject to certain exceptions. If the Merger is completed, certain change of control and severance provisions of our compensation arrangements will be triggered at the Effective Time. In addition, the Merger Agreement also contains certain termination rights that may require us to pay Cintas a   $60   million termination fee. For additional details of the Merger and the terms thereof, refer to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2016. 
  In the   three months ended     October 1, 2016  , we incurred costs of   $6.1   million related to the pending Merger for employee-related expenses, professional services and regulatory fees. Many of these expenses are non-deductible for income tax purposes. The after-tax effect of these items is   $4.7   million which represents   $0.24   per share. 
  We periodically adjust our operations to serve our customers in the most efficient and cost effective manner. As part of these adjustments, we may realign our workforce, close production or branch facilities or divest operations. We are continuously assessing our business and making necessary adjustments. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  . The accounting policies used in preparing our interim fiscal year   2017   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are the same as those described in our Annual Report. 
  The discussion of the financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). As such, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable based on the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Critical accounting policies are defined as the most important and pervasive accounting policies and those items most sensitive to material changes from external factors, including those that are reflective of significant judgments and estimates. We believe our critical accounting policies are those related to: 
             
    Revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts 
                
    Inventory and merchandise in service 
                
    Environmental costs 
                
    Goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets 
                
    Income taxes 
      
  Results of Operations 
  The percentage relationships to revenue of certain income and expense items for the   three month periods ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , and the percentage changes in these income and expense items between periods are presented in the following table:    

Three months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to three months ended   September 26, 2015    
  Rental and Direct Sale Revenue  . Total revenues in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017     increased     $3.8 million  , or   1.6%  , to   $241.0 million   from   $237.2 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2016  . Our organic growth rate was   1.6%   and was driven by pricing and increased merchandise recovery billings, partially offset by the negative impact of lost uniform wearers at existing customers, primarily in the oil and gas and related industries. This is the seventh consecutive quarter where we have experienced wearer losses, including continued wearer losses in the oil and gas and related industries. We cannot predict whether wearer losses will continue in the oil and gas and related industries or as a result of general changes in economic factors.  A continuation of this trend would negatively affect our revenue and results of operations. The Canadian exchange rate was consistent with the previous year and there were no new acquisitions. Our organic growth rate is calculated using rental and direct sale revenue, adjusted to exclude the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes, divestitures and acquisitions. We believe that the organic revenue more accurately reflects the growth of our existing business and is, therefore, useful in analyzing our financial condition and results of operations. A reconciliation of our organic growth rate to total revenue growth rate is provided in the table below. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Rental and Direct Sale Revenue  . Cost of rental and direct sale revenue, which includes merchandise, production, delivery and cost of direct sale expenses,   increased     0.8%   to   $157.4 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   from   $156.1 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . Our gross margin improved 50 basis points from   34.2%   to   34.7%   driven by lower merchandise and energy costs. These improvements were partially offset by higher depreciation and workers compensation costs and lower margins on direct sales.  
  Pension settlement charge.   See   Note 8, "Employee Benefit Plans,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the pension settlement during the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017  . 
  Merger-related expenses.   See   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details related to the Merger. 
  Selling and Administrative  . Selling and administrative expenses   decreased     0.4%   to   $53.0 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   from   $53.2 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . As a percentage of total revenue, selling and administrative expenses   decreased   40 basis points to   22.0  % in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   from   22.4  % in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2016  . This decrease was primarily due to lower selling expenses and general liability insurance costs, offset by increased reserves for a litigation matter (see   Note 12, "Contingent Liabilities,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). 
  Income from Operations.    The following is a summary of income from operations for each operating segment's income from operations (in thousands): 

United States.   Income from operations   decreased     $9.5 million   to   $14.4 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   from   $23.9 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . The current year operating income was reduced by $6.0 million associated with a pension settlement charge and $6.1 million for merger-related costs. Excluding these items, income from operations increased $2.6 million. The increase was primarily driven by additional income from increased revenue and lower merchandise, selling and energy costs. These favorable items were partially offset by increased reserves for a litigation matter (see   Note 12, "Contingent Liabilities,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) higher depreciation expense and lower margins on direct sales. 
  Canada.   Income from operations   increased     $0.2 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   compared to the same period of fiscal year   2016  . The   increase   was primarily driven by additional income from increased revenue and lower delivery labor, energy and selling costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher depreciation and workers compensation expense. 
  Interest Expense  . Interest expense was   $2.0 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   and   $1.6 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . Increased interest expense was primarily driven by an increase in the average effective interest rate, primarily due to our 15 year interest rate swap that became effective in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. 
  Provision for Income Taxes  . Our effective tax rate   increased   to   39.6%   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   from   38.0%   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . The current period tax rate is higher than the prior year period due to   $3.8 million   of non-deductible expenses associated with the proposed merger with Cintas (see   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). This additional tax expense was partially offset by a tax benefit of   $0.8 million   related to the adoption of new equity compensation accounting rules (see   Note 2, "New Accounting Pronouncements,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). 
   
  Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Condition 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Condition.   Our financial condition is strong. In assessing our financial condition, we primarily consider working capital, cash flows provided by operations, capital expenditures, and debt service obligations. We continue to fund our operations through a combination of cash flow provided by operations and debt financing. We believe we have sufficient access to capital markets to fund our operations. 
  Our primary sources of cash are net cash flows from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. Primary uses of cash are working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividends, payments on indebtedness and general corporate purposes.  
  Adjusted Working Capital 

Adjusted working capital at   October 1, 2016   was   $217.4 million  , a   $6.3 million     decrease   from   $223.7 million   at   July 2, 2016  . The   decrease   in adjusted working capital was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable resulting from merger-related expenses and the timing of new inventory purchases. 
  Operating Activities.   Net cash provided by operating activities   increased     $11.8 million   to   $31.2 million   in the   first three months   of fiscal year   2017   from   $19.4 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . The   increase   was primarily due to improved utilization of merchandise in service, improved collections of accounts receivable and an increase in accounts payable, partially offset by lower net income and higher tax payments. 
  Investing Activities.   Net cash used for investing activities was   $8.9 million   in the   first three months   of fiscal year   2017   compared to   $15.7 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . The   decrease   was primarily due to a decrease in capital expenditures, primarily related to technology and capacity expansion initiatives. In addition, fiscal year 2016 included payments related to a small acquisition. 
  Financing Activities.   Cash used by financing activities was   $19.3 million   in the   first three months   of fiscal year   2017   compared to   $0.7 million   in the same period of fiscal year   2016  . The change was primarily due to repayments of our revolving credit facility, offset by a reduction in repurchases of our common stock. 
  See   Note 5, "Long-Term Debt,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details of our long-term debt. 
  The unsecured revolver, asset securitization facility, fixed rate notes and variable rate notes contain various restrictive covenants that, among other matters, require us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. These debt arrangements also contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnifications. At   October 1, 2016  , we were in compliance with all debt covenants and we believe only a material adverse change in our financial performance and condition could result in a potential event of default under the covenants associated with our debt agreements. In the unlikely situation that an event of default would be imminent, we believe that we would be able to successfully negotiate amended covenants or obtain waivers; however, certain financial concessions might be required. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if amended covenants or waivers on acceptable terms could not be successfully negotiated. 
  See   Note 6, "Derivative Financial Instruments,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details of our interest rate swap and hedging activities related to our outstanding debt. 
  Cash Obligations.   Under various agreements, we are obligated to make future cash payments in fixed amounts. These include payments under the revolving credit facility, capital lease obligations and rent payments required under operating leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year. 
  At   October 1, 2016  , we had approximately   $253.0 million   of available capacity under our revolving credit agreement. We anticipate that our cash flows provided by operations and available capacity under our credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our cash commitments and capital requirements for fiscal year   2017  . We may utilize borrowings under the revolving credit facility to supplement our cash requirements from time to time. Investing in our business, including capital expenditures, is our top priority for capital deployment.  Accordingly, in fiscal year 2016 we invested $45 million in capital expenditures and  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

expect to invest a similar amount during fiscal year   2017  . Capital expenditures have been made in three primary categories: (1) maintenance capital to sustain our facilities and equipment and improve workplace safety; (2) capacity expansion investments to enable revenue growth; and (3) technology investments to enhance our ability to serve customers and improve productivity across our business. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  At   October 1, 2016  , we had approximately   $26.5 million   of stand-by letters of credit that were issued and outstanding, primarily in connection with our property and casualty insurance programs. No amounts have been drawn upon these letters of credit. 
   
  Pension Obligations 
  Pension expense is recognized on an accrual basis over the employees' approximate service periods. Pension expense is generally independent of funding decisions or requirements. We recognized expense for our defined benefit pension plan of   $6.7 million   and   $0.5 million   in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   and fiscal year   2016  , respectively. Expense in the   first quarter   of fiscal year   2017   includes a   $6.0   million settlement loss, as described below. 
  On   December 31, 2006  , we froze our defined benefit pension plan and related supplemental executive retirement plan for all participants. Future growth in benefits has not occurred beyond this date. 
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, in an effort to continue to reduce the risk in the Company's noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (the "Pension Plan"), we announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity to former employees who were vested participants in the Pension Plan to request early payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. Eligible participants who wished to receive the lump sum payment were required to make an election between May 16, 2016 and July 15, 2016, and payments were made on or before August 31, 2016. All payments were made from the Pension Plan trust assets. The target population had a total liability of   $34.2   million as of   July 2, 2016  . Based upon the participation rate of eligible participants, the amount of total payments were   $17.3   million and resulted in a plan remeasurement and the recognition of a   $6.0   million settlement loss, or   $0.19   per share, related to the pro-rata portion of the unamortized net actuarial loss which was recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  . 
  Multi-Employer Pension Plans  
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we made an   $0.8 million   settlement payment related to a union sponsored multi-employer pension plan ("MEPP"). Following this payment, we no longer have any liabilities for MEPPs and we no longer participate in any MEPPs in the United States. 
  We made total payments related to our MEPP liabilities of   $0.9 million   and   $0.3 million   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. There are   no   remaining liabilities for MEPPs as of   October 1, 2016  . 
   
  Litigation 
  We are involved in a variety of legal actions relating to personal injury, employment, environmental and other legal matters that arise in the normal course of business. In addition, we are party to certain additional legal matters described in "Part II Item 1. Legal Proceedings" of this report. 
   
  Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This quarterly report contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements about the potential timing or consummation of the proposed transaction or the anticipated benefits thereof, including, without limitation, future financial and operating results. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as  estimates,   anticipates,   projects,   plans,   expects,   intends,   believes,   seeks,   could,   should,   may  and  will  or the negative versions thereof and similar expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such statements are based upon our current expectations and speak only as of the date made. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to (i) the ability to obtain shareholder and regulatory approvals, or the possibility that they may delay the transaction or that such regulatory approval may result in the imposition of conditions that could cause the parties to abandon the transaction, (ii) the risk that a condition to closing of the merger may not be satisfied, (iii) the ability of the Company and Cintas to integrate their businesses successfully and to achieve anticipated cost savings and other synergies, (iv) the possibility that other anticipated  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

benefits of the proposed transaction will not be realized, including without limitation, anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings and other financial results, and growth and expansion of the new combined company s operations, and the anticipated tax treatment, (v) potential litigation relating to the proposed transaction that could be instituted against the Company or Cintas or their respective directors, (vi) possible disruptions from the proposed transaction that could harm the Company s or Cintas  business, including current plans and operations, (vii) the ability of the Company or Cintas to retain, attract and hire key personnel, (viii) potential adverse reactions or changes to relationships with clients, employees, suppliers or other parties resulting from the announcement or completion of the merger, (ix) potential business uncertainty, including changes to existing business relationships, during the pendency of the merger that could affect the Company s and/or Cintas  financial performance, (x) certain restrictions during the pendency of the merger that may impact the Company s and/or Cintas  ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions, (xi) continued availability of capital and financing and rating agency actions, (xii) legislative, regulatory and economic developments and (xiii) unpredictability and severity of catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or outbreak of war or hostilities, as well as management s response to any of the aforementioned factors.  
  These risks, as well as other risks associated with the proposed transaction, are more fully discussed in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended July 2, 2016, the definitive proxy statement filed on Schedule 14A on September 29, 2016 and in Item 1A to this Form 10-Q. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of factors presented in other documents the Company has filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission are, considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s or Cintas  consolidated financial condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. Neither the Company nor Cintas undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made, except as required by law.  
   
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest rates. We use financial instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, to manage interest rate risk on our variable rate debt. Under these arrangements, we agree to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts, calculated by reference to an agreed upon notional principal amount. Interest rate swap agreements are entered into for periods consistent with related underlying exposures and do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. The estimated exposure considers the mitigating effects of interest rate swap agreements outstanding at   October 1, 2016   on the change in the cost of variable rate debt. The current fair market value of all outstanding contracts at   October 1, 2016   was an unrealized loss of   $8.5 million  . 
  A sensitivity analysis was performed, using two scenarios, to measure our interest rate risk over a one-year period to changes in market interest rates for variable rate debt that was not modified by interest rate swaps.  As of   October 1, 2016  , this debt amount was $45.5 million. In one scenario we measured the sensitivity to interest expense with an immediate 50 basis point change in market interest rates and in the other scenario the impact of a 50 basis point change distributed evenly throughout the year. The annual expense for our variable rate debt is   $0.7 million  . The scenario with an immediate 50 basis point change would increase or decrease forecasted interest by   $0.2 million   or   34.6%  . The scenario that distributes the 50 basis point change would increase or decrease interest expense by   $0.1 million   or   21.9%  . 
  For additional information regarding our debt see   Note 5, "Long-Term Debt,"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as well as the Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Condition section of Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  Energy Cost Risk 
  We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in energy costs. To manage this risk, from time to time we have utilized derivative financial instruments to mitigate the impact of motor fuel cost volatility on our future financial results. As of   October 1, 2016   we have no outstanding derivative financial instruments related to motor fuels. 
  We performed an analysis to measure the sensitivity of our energy costs to changes in the prices of motor fuels. The analysis used motor fuel prices at   October 1, 2016   and forecasted purchases over the next 12 months. For each one percentage point increase or decrease in motor fuel prices under these assumptions, our motor fuel costs would change by approximately   $0.1 million  . 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Production costs at our plants are also subject to fluctuations in natural gas costs. To reduce our exposure to changes in natural gas prices, we utilize natural gas supply contracts in the normal course of business. These contracts meet the definition of "normal purchase" and, therefore, are not considered derivative instruments for accounting purposes. 
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
  Our only material foreign subsidiaries are located in Canada. The assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are denominated in the Canadian dollar and, as such, are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Results of operations are translated using the average exchange rates throughout the period. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on translation of assets and liabilities are recorded as a component of stockholders' equity and are included in the "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" line item of the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in results of operations. 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
  There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
  OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  We are involved in a variety of legal actions relating to personal injury, employment, environmental and other legal matters arising in the normal course of business, including, without limitation, those described below.  
  As part of its general enforcement efforts, over the past four years, the U.S. Department of Labor, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) initiated compliance evaluations at a number of our locations to review and assess our current affirmative action activities and employment practices. To close all outstanding compliance evaluations, we entered into a Conciliation Agreement with the OFCCP agreeing to take proactive efforts to address any remaining issues or concerns that were raised by the agency, none of which we expect will have a material impact on our ongoing operations. All amounts that we agreed to pay under this agreement were within previously established reserves. 
  We may incur additional charges for environmental remediation for PCE and other contamination at facilities we own that have historically conducted dry cleaning operations. We discuss current environmental reserves in greater detail in   Note 12, "Contingent Liabilities"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  We have had an ongoing dispute with Talent Creation, a Chinese supplier for our former GKdirect managed uniform business. We divested our GKdirect managed uniform business in December 2013. The dispute revolved around the 2010 termination of the parties' agreement.  The dispute was submitted to arbitration, and in April 2016, the arbitrator issued an order awarding approximately   $1.3 million   to Talent Creation, consisting of raw material costs, post-termination warehousing costs and awards for violations of non-compete and non-solicitation provisions in the parties' contract. G K filed its petition to vacate the award with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio in May 2016, after which Talent Creation filed a cross petition to confirm the award. Briefing on the cross motions concluded in September 2016.  We believe the liability established for this matter will cover the court of appeals' decision and believe that the possibility of a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition is remote. 
  On September 26, 2016, a putative shareholder class action lawsuit, captioned Klein v. G K Services, Incorporated, et al., Civil Action No. 16-cv-03198 (DWF) (KMM), was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, against the Company and the members of the Company's Board of Directors. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and alleges, among other things, that the Company s proxy statement contains false and misleading statements and/or omits material information. The complaint seeks, among other things, injunctive relief preventing consumption of the Merger, monetary damages and an award of attorneys  fees and expenses. On October 28, 2016, the Company filed a Form 8-K with the SEC making supplemental disclosures to the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on September 29, 2016.  Also on October 28, 2016, the parties filed a stipulation, and the court entered an order, dismissing this action with prejudice as to the named plaintiff and without prejudice as to all other putative class members, with the court retaining jurisdiction over the action for the purpose of considering any application by plaintiff s counsel for an award of attorneys  fees and reimbursement of expenses. 
  In connection with the Merger, each of the Company and Cintas received a second request under the HSR Act and a supplemental information request under the Canadian Competition Act.  See   Note 14, "Proposed Merger with Cintas Corporation"   of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these or other similar matters with certainty and it is possible that we may incur additional losses in excess of established reserves. However, we believe the possibility of a material adverse effect on our results of ongoing operations or financial condition is remote, although the impact on reported operating results in any particular period may be material. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   July 2, 2016  , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
  Other than as noted below, there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our Form 10-K for the year ended   July 2, 2016  . 

27 

     Table of Contents  

RISKS RELATED TO MERGER 
  Our proposed merger may not be completed on a timely basis, or at all, and the failure to complete or delays in completing the merger could adversely affect our business, financial results and stock price.  
  On August 16, 2016, we announced that we entered into the Merger Agreement with Cintas and Merger Sub, which provides that Cintas will acquire all of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock at a price of $97.50 per share in cash. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cintas. The Merger is subject to a number of customary conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including the approval of our shareholders and receipt of regulatory approvals, which are not within our control. We can provide no assurance as to when, or if, the conditions to the closing of the Merger will be satisfied or waived, that other events will not intervene to delay or result in the termination of the Merger, or that the Merger will be consummated or consummated in the timeframe or manner currently anticipated. 
  On September 29, 2016, each of the Company and Cintas received a request for additional information and documentary material, commonly referred to as a  second request,  from the Federal Trade Commission (the  FTC ), pursuant to the HSR Act, in connection with the Merger. A  second request  is a routine part of the FTC s review of proposed transactions. The FTC s  second request  has the effect of extending the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger until the 30th day after substantial compliance by the Company and Cintas with the  second request,  unless the waiting period is extended voluntarily by the parties or terminated sooner by the FTC.  
  On October 21, 2016, each of the Company and Cintas received a supplemental information request, commonly referred to as SIR, from the Competition Bureau of Canada, pursuant to the Canada Competition Act, in connection with the Merger. SIR is part of the prescribed process for review of proposed transactions in Canada. The SIR has the effect of extending the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger until the 30th day after compliance by the Company and Cintas with the SIR.  
  Any delay in closing or a failure to close could have a negative impact on our business, financial results and stock price as well as our relationships with our customers, suppliers or employees, and could have a negative impact on our ability to pursue alternative strategic transactions and/or our ability to implement alternative business plans. 
  Legal proceedings filed against the Board in connection with the Merger, the outcomes of which are uncertain, could delay or prevent the completion of the Merger. 
  As discussed above under "Item 1. Legal Proceedings," on September 26, 2016, a putative shareholder class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, against the Company and the members of the Company's Board of Directors in connection with the announced merger. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and alleges, among other things, that the Company s preliminary proxy statement contains false and misleading statements and/or omits material information. The complaint seeks, among other things, injunctive relief and an award of attorneys  fees and expenses.    
   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  The table below sets forth information regarding repurchases we made of our common stock during the periods indicated. 

As of   October 1, 2016  , we had a   $275.0 million   share repurchase program with   $94.0 million   remaining under this program. As a result of the proposed merger with Cintas, we have suspended additional repurchases under the repurchase program.  
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
           a. 
    Exhibits 
              10.1 
    Amendment No. 4 dated as of September 27, 2016 to Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of September 29, 2010 among G K Services, Inc., as initial servicer, G K Receivables Corp., as borrower, SunTrust Bank, as lender and LC issuer, and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., as agent administrator (incorporated herein by reference to Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016). 
                   101 
    Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of G K Services, Inc. for the quarter ended   October 1, 2016  , formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
   29 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.    

G K SERVICES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Tracy C. Jokinen 

Tracy C. Jokinen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Thomas J. Dietz 

Thomas J. Dietz 

Vice President and Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

30 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 gk-2016101xex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.2 

August 24, 2016 
    
  Jeffrey L. Cotter 
  Retention Bonus Agreement 
  Dear Jeff, 
  As you know, G K Services, Inc. (the    Company   ), Cintas Corporation and Bravo Merger Sub have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 15, 2016 ( the    Merger Agreement   ). We consider you an integral member of the team working toward the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement.  Accordingly, you will be eligible to receive a special cash retention bonus on the terms and conditions set forth in this Retention Bonus Agreement ( Agreement ).  Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Merger Agreement. 
           1. 
    Retention Bonus  .  Subject to the conditions set forth herein, you are eligible to receive a retention bonus payment in a gross amount of $50,000.00 (the    Retention Bonus   ).  
       
           2. 
    Payment  .  The Retention Bonus shall be payable to you in a cash lump sum less applicable withholdings within thirty (30) days following the Payment Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that your employment is terminated prior to the Payment Date by the Company and its subsidiaries without Cause, you shall be entitled to be paid the Retention Bonus (to the extent that it has not already been paid) within thirty (30) days following such termination. 
       
           3. 
    Conditions to Payment of Bonus  .  Subject to Section 2 hereof, your right to receive the Retention Bonus is conditioned on:  
              (a) 
    your execution of this Agreement, and 
              (b) 
    your continuous employment with the Company and its subsidiaries (including employment during a Company-approved and/or legally-required leave of absence) through the close of business (i.e., 5:00 p.m. local time in your principal office) on the Payment Date.    
       
           4. 
    Forfeiture  .  You shall forfeit your right to receive any unpaid Retention Bonus and the Company shall have no further obligation under this Agreement in the event your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated for any reason (including your death or disability) other than as set forth in Section 2 hereof. 
       
           5. 
    Definitions  . 
     The following terms shall have the meanings given below: 
    
  (a)     Cause    means  the occurrence of any one of the following events: 
           1) 
    your failure or refusal to perform your duties and responsibilities, if the failure or refusal (i) is not due to a physical or mental illness or bodily injury or disease; and (ii) is not due to your reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently the responsibilities of your position with the Company, acting in good faith; 
              2) 
    any drunkenness or use of drugs that interferes with the performance of your obligations;  
              3) 
    your indictment for or conviction of (including entering a guilty plea or plea of no contest to) a felony or of any crime involving moral turpitude, fraud, dishonesty or theft; 

4) 
    your material dishonesty involving or affecting the Company; 
              5) 
    your gross negligence, or any willful or intentional act or omission having the effect or reasonably likely to have the effect of injuring the reputation, business or business relationships of the Company in a material way;  
              6) 
    any willful or intentional breach by you of a fiduciary duty to the Company; 
              7) 
    your material violation or breach of the Company s standard business practices and policies; or  
              8) 
    any court order or settlement agreement that prohibits your continued employment with the Company. 
     (b)     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
    
           (c) 
       Payment Date    means the earlier to occur of (i) the Closing Date, or (ii) the End Date. 
       
           6. 
    Miscellaneous  . 
              (a) 
    Not Part of Other Compensation  .  The Retention Bonus shall not count toward, be substituted in lieu of, or be considered in determining payments or benefits due to you under any other plan, program or agreement of the Company, any subsidiary thereof, or any of their respective affiliates, except as otherwise may be required by the terms of any such plan, program or agreement or applicable law.   
              (b) 
    Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota (without reference to its conflicts of laws provisions).   
              (c) 
    Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or, if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Company, materially altering the intent of this Agreement, such provision shall be stricken, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
              (d) 
    Successors  .  All obligations of the Company under this Agreement with respect to the Retention Bonus granted hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company.  In the event the surviving corporation in any transaction to which the Company is a party is a subsidiary of another corporation, then the term  Company  as used in this Agreement, shall mean the Company, as herein defined and any successor (including the ultimate parent corporation) to the business or assets of the Company, which by reason hereof becomes bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement.  
              (e) 
    Tax Withholding  .  The Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold automatically from any amount deliverable under the Retention Bonus, or otherwise, or to require you to remit to the Company, the minimum statutory amount to satisfy federal, state and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of this Agreement. 
              (f) 
    No Right to Continued Service  .  Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon you any right to continue in employment for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any subsidiary thereof employing or retaining you, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause.   
              (g) 
    Unfunded Status  .  The Company shall be under no obligation to establish a fund or reserve in order to pay the benefits under this Agreement.  
              (h) 
    No Fiduciary Status  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to this Plan, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or any fiduciary relationship between the Company, on the one hand, and any Eligible Employee, the executor, administrator or other personal representative or beneficiary of such Eligible Employee, on the other hand. 
              (i) 
    Section 409A  . The Company intends that that payments and benefits under this Agreement will either comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code together with all regulations, guidance, compliance programs, and other interpretative authority thereunder (collectively    Section 409A   ) and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Plan shall be interpreted to be exempt from Section 409A or in compliance therewith, as applicable.  In no event shall the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or their respective directors, officers, agents, attorneys, employees, executives, shareholders, members, managers, trustees, fiduciaries, representatives, principals, accountants, insurers, successors or assigns be liable for any additional tax, interest  

or penalties that may be imposed on you under Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A.  
           (j) 
    Determinations  .  All determinations regarding the Retention Bonus shall be made by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties. 
              (k) 
    Waiver  .  Any failure of either party to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement may be waived only in writing signed by the other party to this Agreement.  No waiver of any breach, failure, right or remedy contained in or granted by the provisions of this Agreement shall constitute a continuing waiver of a subsequent or other breach, failure, right or remedy unless the writing so specifies.   
              (l) 
    Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   
              (m) 
    Entire Agreement; Amendment  .  This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the parties with respect to such subject matter.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by written agreement signed by each of the parties. 
       
  [  Signatures on following page  ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the date written below. 

G K Services, Inc. 

By: 
    /s/ Douglas A. Milroy 
        
    Name: Douglas A. Milroy 
        
    Title: Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Jeffrey L. Cotter 
        
    Jeffrey L. Cotter 

Date: August 24, 2016 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 gk-2016101xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  I, Douglas A. Milroy, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of G K Services, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
  Date:   November 1, 2016    
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Douglas A. Milroy 

Douglas A. Milroy, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 gk-2016101xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  I, Tracy C. Jokinen, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of G K Services, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
  Date:   November 1, 2016    
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Tracy C. Jokinen 

Tracy C. Jokinen, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 gk-2016101xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  G K SERVICES, INC.  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the quarterly report of G K Services, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   October 1, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Douglas A. Milroy, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
  Date:   November 1, 2016    
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Douglas A. Milroy 

Douglas A. Milroy, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 gk-2016101xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
  G K SERVICES, INC.  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the quarterly report of G K Services, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   October 1, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Tracy C. Jokinen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
  Date:   November 1, 2016    
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Tracy C. Jokinen 

Tracy C. Jokinen, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 gk-20160326.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gk-20160326.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gk-20160326_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gk-20160326_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gk-20160326_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gk-20160326_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

