<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1368365_0001368365-16-000076_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5956958</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75389</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>590619</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1728000</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2556589</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>915154</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001368365-16-000076.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114171707
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001368365-16-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Remark Media, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				331135689
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33720
		FILM NUMBER:		161995923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3960 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 701-9514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3960 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HSW International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001368365-16-000076.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 mark_30sep2016x10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  Commission File Number 001-33720 
  
  Remark Media, Inc. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
    
  As of   November 11, 2016  , a total of   21,751,482   shares of our common stock were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    1 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    1 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
    2 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    3 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    4 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    17 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    23 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    23 

PART II 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    24 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    24 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    24 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    24 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    24 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    25 
        
     Signature  
    26 

Table of Contents  
    i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  The information included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, including information relating to future events, future financial performance, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation.  You will find forward-looking statements principally in the sections entitled    Risk Factors    and    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   .  Words such as  may,   should,   could,   would,   predicts,   potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates,   future,   intends,   plans,   believes,   estimates,  and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements.  These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those discussed in    Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  , that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
    
  Any forward-looking statements in this report reflect our current views with respect to future events, are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Given such uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date hereof.  Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements after the date hereof, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Table of Contents  
    ii 

PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
       
  REMARK MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
                     Table of Contents  
    1 
     Financial Statement Index  

REMARK MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
                     Table of Contents  
    2 
     Financial Statement Index  

REMARK MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (dollars in thousands) 

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
                     Table of Contents  
    3 
     Financial Statement Index  

REMARK MEDIA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1.  ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS 
    
  Organization and Business 
    
  Remark Media, Inc. and subsidiaries ( Remark ,  we ,  us , or  our ) own, operate and acquire innovative digital media properties across multiple verticals,   such as travel, personal finance, social media, young adult lifestyle and entertainment,   that deliver culturally relevant, dynamic content that attracts and engages users around the world.  We leverage our unique digital media assets to target the Millennial demographic, which provides us with access to fast-growing, lucrative markets.  Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol MARK. 

Liquidity Considerations 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and in each fiscal year since our inception, we have incurred net losses and generated negative cash flow from operations, resulting in an accumulated deficit of   $184.5 million   and a cash and cash equivalents balance of   $5.3 million  , both amounts as of   September 30, 2016  .  Also as of   September 30, 2016  , we had a negative working capital balance of   $23.7 million  .  Our net revenue during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $44.4 million  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we issued a total of   963,922   shares of our common stock to accredited investors in certain private placements in exchange for approximately   $4.3 million   in cash. 
    
  We are a party to a financing agreement dated as of September 24, 2015 (as amended, the  Financing Agreement ) with certain of our subsidiaries as borrowers (together with Remark, the  Borrowers ), certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors (the  Guarantors ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (the  Lenders ) and MGG Investment Group LP, in its capacity as collateral agent and administrative agent for the Lenders ( MGG ), pursuant to which the Lenders initially extended credit to the Borrowers consisting of a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of   $27.5 million   (the  Loan ).  On September 20, 2016, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement (the  Amendment ) which, among other changes, increased the Loan by   $8.0 million   to a total aggregate principal amount of   $35.5 million  .  The terms of the Financing Agreement and related documents are described in    Note 11   , and we describe the terms of the Amendment and related documents in    Note 3   . 
    
  Conditions in the debt and equity markets, as well as the volatility of investor sentiment regarding macroeconomic and microeconomic conditions, will play primary roles in determining whether we can successfully obtain additional capital.  Pursuant to the Financing Agreement, we are subject to certain limitations on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional debt and transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, without the consent of the Lenders.  We cannot be certain that we will be successful at raising capital, whether in an equity financing, debt financing, or by divesting of certain assets or businesses, on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  In addition, if we obtain capital by issuing equity, such transaction(s) may dilute existing stockholders. 
    
  A variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, affect our cash flow; those factors include regulatory issues, competition, financial markets and other general business conditions.  Based upon our most recent cash flow projections, we believe that we have sufficient existing cash, cash equivalents and cash resources to meet our ongoing requirements through   September 30,     2017  , including repayment of our existing debt as it matures.  However, projecting operating results is inherently uncertain because anticipated expenses may exceed current forecasts; therefore, we cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient income and cash flow to meet all of our liquidity requirements. 

Table of Contents  
    4 
     Financial Statement Index  

Comparability    
  We reclassified certain amounts in the December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet and in the 2015 unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations to conform to the 2016 presentation for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Our reclassification of a net   $9.9 million   internally-developed software asset from Intangibles, net to Property and equipment, net had no impact on our total assets, results of operations or cash flows as previously reported.  Our reclassification for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, of   $142 thousand   and   $189 thousand   from the Technology and development line item to the Other operating expense line item had no impact on our results of operations, cash flows or owners  equity as previously reported. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
    
  We prepared the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , with the audited Consolidated Balance Sheet amounts as of   December 31, 2015   presented for comparative purposes, and the related unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Statements of Cash Flows in accordance with the instructions for Form 10-Q.  In compliance with those instructions, we have omitted certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), though management believes the disclosures made herein are sufficient to ensure that the information presented is not misleading. 
    
  Our results of operations and our cash flows as of the end of the interim periods reported herein do not necessarily indicate the results we may experience for the remainder of the year or for any other future period. 
    
  Management believes that we have included all adjustments (including those of a normal, recurring nature) considered necessary to fairly present our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented.  You should read our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements and footnotes in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and footnotes included within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the    2015   Form 10-K ). 

Consolidation 
    
  We include all of our subsidiaries in our consolidated financial statements, eliminating all significant intercompany balances and transactions during consolidation.  The equity of certain of our subsidiaries is either partially or fully held by citizens of the country of incorporation to comply with local laws and regulations. 

Use of Estimates 
    
  We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP.  While preparing our financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to accounts receivable, intangible assets, the useful lives of property and equipment, stock-based compensation, the fair value of the warrant liability and income taxes, among other items. 

Changes to Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  We have made no material changes to our significant accounting policies as reported in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) modified the Accounting Standards Codification by issuing Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , which outlines a  
  
                     Table of Contents  
    5 
     Financial Statement Index  

single, comprehensive model for an entity to use to ensure that it recognizes revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  For us, the amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods therein.  Though we do not believe that this guidance will have a material effect upon the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reporting thereof for most of our existing subsidiaries, we are evaluating the impact the guidance will have on the business we acquired in the CBG Acquisition. 
    
  We have reviewed all recently issued accounting pronouncements.  The pronouncements that we have already adopted, including ASU 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   did not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reporting thereof, and except as otherwise noted above, we do not believe that any of the pronouncements that we have not yet adopted will have a material effect upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reporting thereof. 

NOTE 3.  BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS    
    
  China Branding Group Limited 
    
  On September 20, 2016, we, together with our wholly-owned subsidiary KanKan Limited, completed the acquisition (the  CBG Acquisition ) of assets of China Branding Group Limited ( CBG ), pursuant to the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Asset and Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the same date (the  CBG Purchase Agreement ), with CBG and the other parties specified therein.  We completed the CBG Acquisition primarily to capitalize on the branded-content expertise in the China market of the entities we acquired from CBG, including Fanstang.  Fanstang, which is based in Shanghai, China, distributes Western digital entertainment content in China.  We also acquired an operation in Los Angeles, California that produces content distributed by Fanstang. 
    
  The aggregate consideration of   $15.4 million   included   $7.4 million   of cash and the future issuance of   seven  -year warrants (the  CBG Acquisition Warrants ) to purchase   5,750,000   shares of our common stock at   $10.00   per share, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments.  At closing, the parties deposited   $375,000   of the cash portion of the purchase price into escrow for   15   months to secure certain obligations of CBG under the Purchase Agreement.  We also agreed to provide resale registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the CBG Acquisition Warrants. 
    
  Concurrently with the closing of the CBG Acquisition, we entered into the Amendment, pursuant to which the Lenders agreed (i) to extend additional credit under the Financing Agreement in the principal amount of   $8.0 million   and (ii) to modify certain of the financial covenants in the Financing Agreement, including financial covenants with respect to quarterly EBITDA levels, in a manner beneficial to us.  The amount outstanding under the Financing Agreement will accrue interest at three month LIBOR plus   10.0%   per annum, payable monthly, and has a maturity date of September 24, 2018.  The Amendment and related documents also provide for certain fees payable to the Lenders and for the issuance of the CBG Financing Warrants.  As a condition to closing the Amendment, we issued to affiliates of MGG warrants to purchase up to   2,670,736   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $5.50   per share, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments (the  CGB Financing Warrants ).  On September 20, 2016, we also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement to provide the holders of the CBG Financing Warrants with registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable under such warrants. 
    
  The following table presents the aggregate consideration we paid in relation to the CBG Acquisition (in thousands): 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , transaction costs related to the CBG Acquisition totaled   $0.2 million   and are recorded in general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Table of Contents  
    6 
     Financial Statement Index  

Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the operating results of assets acquired in the CBG Acquisition from the closing date of the CBG Acquisition.  The following table presents our preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration we paid to the net tangible and intangible assets we acquired based on their estimated fair values on the closing date of the CBG Acquisition (in thousands): 

Our subsidiaries acquired in the CBG Acquisition only contributed a nominal amount to consolidated net loss during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  We are excluding pro forma revenue and earnings as determining the amounts is impracticable because CBG, the entity from which we acquired certain assets and entities, was a private company and their records are not readily available in conformity with GAAP. 
    
  The fair value of intangible assets acquired of   $9.2 million   consists of media content and broadcast rights with an estimated fair value of   $2.1 million  , customer relationships with an estimated fair value of   $3.2 million  , acquired technology with an estimated fair value of   $0.2 million   and tradenames with an estimated fair value of   $3.7 million  . Utilizing the straight-line method, we will amortize the media content and broadcast rights over a weighted-average useful life of approximately   five years  , the customer relationship intangible asset over a weighted-average useful life of approximately   seven years  , and the acquired technology intangible asset over a useful life of   one year  .  Overall, the weighted-average useful life of the intangible assets we acquired is approximately   seven years  .  We expect the tradenames to have an indefinite useful life. 
    
  The recorded goodwill primarily results from the synergies we expect to realize from the combination of the entities and the assembled workforce we acquired in connection with the CBG Acquisition. 

Vegas.com LLC 
    
  On September 24, 2015, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests in Vegas.com, LLC ( Vegas.com ) pursuant to the terms of the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, the  Purchase Agreement ), by and among Remark, Vegas.com and the equity owners of Vegas.com listed on the signature page thereto (the  Vegas.com Acquisition ). 
    
  We paid aggregate consideration of   $36.6 million   that included cash, shares of our common stock, warrants allowing for the purchase of   8,601,410   shares of our common stock at   $9.00   per share (the  VDC Acquisition Warrants , and together with the CBG Acquisition Warrants, the  Acquisition Warrants ), and cash payments contingent upon the performance of Vegas.com in the years ending December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 (the  Earnout Payments ).  We recorded   $15.0 million  , the amount by which the aggregate consideration exceeded the   $21.6 million   of the net identifiable assets that we acquired, as goodwill.  The  
  
                     Table of Contents  
    7 
     Financial Statement Index  

recorded goodwill primarily results from the synergies we expect to realize from the combination of the two companies and the assembled workforce we acquired in connection with the Vegas.com Acquisition. 
    
  Concurrently with the closing of the Vegas.com Acquisition, we entered into the Financing Agreement with the Lenders and MGG.  As a condition to closing the Financing Agreement, we issued a warrant to an affiliate of MGG that, as of   September 30, 2016  , allows for the purchase of   2,657,223   shares of our common stock at   $8.74   per share (the  VDC Financing Warrant , and together with the CBG Financing Warrants, the  Financing Warrants ). 
    
  Also concurrently with the closing of the Vegas.com Acquisition, to satisfy the closing conditions under the VDC Purchase Agreement, Vegas.com entered into a loan agreement with Bank of America, N.A., which currently expires on May 31, 2017, providing for a letter of credit facility with up to   $9.3 million   of availability (the  Letter of Credit Facility Agreement ). 

NOTE 4.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    
    
  Liabilities Related to Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
    
  At the end of each reporting period, we use the Monte Carlo Simulation model to estimate and report the fair value of liabilities related to certain outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock that are subject to potential anti-dilution adjustments or that contain put options or call options.  The following table presents the quantitative inputs, which we classify in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, used in estimating the fair value of the warrants: 

In addition to the quantitative assumptions above, we also consider whether we would issue additional equity and, if so, the price per share of such equity.  At   September 30, 2016  , we estimated that   two   future equity financing events would potentially occur within the subsequent twelve months. 
    
  Our estimate of expected volatility and our stock price tend to have the most significant impact on the estimated fair value of the Financing Warrants and the Acquisition Warrants.  If we added or subtracted five percentage points with regard to our  
  
                     Table of Contents  
    8 
     Financial Statement Index  

estimate of expected volatility, or if our stock price increased or decreased by five percent, our estimates of fair value would change approximately as follows (in thousands): 

The following table presents the reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the liabilities associated with the Acquisition Warrants, the Financing Warrants and the warrants issued in February 2012 that remain outstanding (in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016  , the price of our common stock was less than the exercise price of the VDC Acquisition Warrants, effectively precluding exercise of the warrants.  However, each holder has the right to sell its VDC Acquisition Warrant back to us on its expiration date in exchange for shares of our common stock having a value equivalent to the value of the VDC Acquisition Warrant at closing of the Vegas.com Acquisition (reduced pro rata based on the percentage of the VDC Acquisition Warrant exercised), provided that this put option terminates if the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds   $10.16   for any   20   trading days during a period of   30   consecutive trading days at any time on or prior to the expiration date.  If the holders had exercised the put option as if   September 30, 2016   was the expiration date of the VDC Acquisition Warrants, we would have issued to the holders   2,283,106   shares with a fair value of   $4.50   per share.  The number of shares issuable upon exercise of the put option is calculated based on the volume weighted average price of our common stock during the 30 trading days ending on the warrants  expiration date ( 30-day VWAP  the more that the 30-day VWAP decreases, the number of shares we would issue to the holders increases significantly. 

Contingent Consideration Issued in Business Acquisition 
    
  We used the discounted cash flow valuation technique to estimate the fair value of the liability related to the Earnout Payments stipulated by the VDC Purchase Agreement.  The significant unobservable inputs that we used, which we classify in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, were projected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ), the probability of achieving certain amounts of EBITDA, and the rate used to discount the liability. 

Table of Contents  
    9 
     Financial Statement Index  

The following table presents the change during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   in the balance of the liability associated with the Earnout Payments (in thousands): 

On the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, we included the current portion of the liability for contingent consideration as a component of Accrued expense and other liabilities, and the long-term portion as a component of Other liabilities (see    Note 12   ). 

NOTE 5.  RESTRICTED CASH    
    
  Regarding our restricted cash, approximately   $2.3 million   relates to the Financing Agreement and secures our obligations under that agreement.  The restriction on the cash related to the Financing Agreement will not be released until we have repaid all of our obligations under the Financing Agreement.  The remaining amount of our restricted cash relates to the Letter of Credit Facility Agreement we have in place to satisfy the requirements of several of the vendors for whom we sell products (hotel rooms, air travel, show tickets, et cetera) through our online outlets.  By contract, certain vendors require the letters of credit as a means of securing our payment to them of amounts related to the sales we make on their behalf.  We renew the letter of credit facility annually, and the restrictions on the cash related to the letters of credit will not be released until we negotiate contracts which do not require the security of letters of credit. 

NOTE 6.  INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATE    
    
  In 2009, we co-founded a U.S.-based venture, Sharecare, to build a web-based platform that simplifies the search for health and wellness information.  The other co-founders of Sharecare were Dr. Mehmet Oz, HARPO Productions, Discovery Communications, Jeff Arnold and Sony Pictures Television.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we owned approximately   five percent   of Sharecare s issued stock and maintained representation on its Board of Directors. 

NOTE 7.  PREPAID EXPENSE AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS    
    
  The following table presents the components of prepaid expense and other current assets (in thousands): 

Table of Contents  
    10 
     Financial Statement Index  

NOTE 8.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    
  Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands, except estimated lives): 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , depreciation (and amortization of software) expense was   $3.5 million  .  Depreciation (and amortization of software) expense for the comparable period in   2015   was nominal. 

NOTE 9.  GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS    
    
  The following table summarizes intangible assets by category (in thousands): 

Table of Contents  
    11 
     Financial Statement Index  

Total amortization expense was   $3.9 million   and   $0.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  The following table summarizes the changes in goodwill during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and the year ended   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

NOTE 10.  CAPITAL LEASE    
    
  Our Vegas.com subsidiary has leased certain computer hardware and related software that processes and stores its production data.  Under the agreement, we will make   one   more payment of approximately   $0.2 million   in June 2017.  After the final payment in June 2017, ownership of the hardware and software transfers to us. 

NOTE 11.  LONG-TERM DEBT    
    
  The following table presents long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

On September 24, 2015, we entered into the Financing Agreement, pursuant to which the Lenders provided us with the   $27.5 million   Loan.  As described in    Note 3   , we entered into the Amendment on September 20, 2016 which, among other changes, increased the Loan by   $8.0 million   to a total aggregate principal amount of   $35.5 million  .  The Loan bears interest at three-month LIBOR (with a floor of   1%  ) plus   10%   per annum, payable monthly, and has a maturity date of September 24, 2018.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the applicable interest rate on the Loan was   11%   per annum. 

Table of Contents  
    12 
     Financial Statement Index  

In connection with the Financing Agreement, we also entered into a security agreement dated as of September 24, 2015 (the  Security Agreement ) with the other Borrowers and the Guarantors for the benefit of MGG, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties referred to therein, to secure the obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantors under the Financing Agreement.  The Security Agreement provides for a first-priority lien on, and security interest in, all assets of Remark and our subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
    
  The Financing Agreement and the Security Agreement contain representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (including financial covenants with respect to quarterly EBITDA levels and the value of our assets), events of default, indemnifications and other provisions customary for financings of this type.  The occurrence of any event of default under the Financing Agreement may result in the Loan amount outstanding and unpaid interest thereon, becoming immediately due and payable.  As of and for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Financing Agreement. 
    
  As described in    Note 3   , we entered into the Amendment related to the Financing Agreement on September 20, 2016.  We accounted for the Amendment as a debt extinguishment, resulting in a loss consisting of the   $4.6 million   unamortized balance of debt discount and debt issuance cost immediately before the Amendment, the   $3.6 million   fair value of the warrants we provided to the Lenders, the   $0.5 million   additional exit fee and the   $0.4 million   of cash we paid to the Lenders. 

NOTE 12.  OTHER LIABILITIES    
    
  The following table presents the components of other liabilities (in thousands): 

NOTE 13.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
    
  Commitments 
    
  On February 29, 2016, we entered into a new lease for office space to serve as our corporate headquarters for a period of   eight   years.  Based upon our planned use of lease incentives, we expect to pay approximately   $10.6 million   of base rent over the lease term.  Upon executing the lease, we paid the landlord a   $1.25 million   security deposit which we have reported in Other long-term assets.  Barring any default under the lease terms and upon our request, on the   12  -month anniversary of the lease and at the end of each subsequent   6  -month period until the   30  -month anniversary, the landlord will return to us a portion of the security deposit, with all of such repayments aggregating to approximately   $1.0 million  .  The landlord will return the remaining balance of the security deposit to us within   30   days of the later of the end of the lease or our surrender of the premises, to the extent portions of the security deposit are not applied to unpaid amounts otherwise due under the lease. 

Contingencies 
    
  We are neither a defendant in any material pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any material threatened claims against us; therefore, we have not accrued any contingent liabilities. 

Table of Contents  
    13 
     Financial Statement Index  

NOTE 14.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND NET LOSS PER SHARE    
    
  Authorized Shares 
    
  On June 7, 2016, at our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock to   100,000,000  , and we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 7, 2016 to reflect this amendment, which became effective immediately upon filing. 

Equity Issuances    
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we issued a total of   963,922   shares of our common stock to investors in certain private placements in exchange for approximately   $4.3 million   in cash. 

Stock-Based Compensation  
    
  We are authorized to issue equity-based awards under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2014 Incentive Plan, each of which our stockholders have approved.  We grant such awards to attract, retain and motivate eligible officers, directors, employees and consultants.  Under each of the plans, we have granted shares of restricted stock and options to purchase common stock to our officers and employees with exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair value of the underlying shares on the grant date.  
    
  Stock options awarded generally expire   10 years   from the grant date.  All forms of equity awards vest upon the passage of time, the attainment of performance criteria, or both. 
    
  The following table summarizes the stock option activity under our equity incentive plans as of   September 30, 2016  , and changes during the   nine   months then ended: 

In addition, on January 11, 2016, our stockholders approved the grant of an option to purchase   350,000   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $4.10   per share to Kai-Shing Tao, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board.  We recorded the entire   $1.0 million   of compensation expense associated with this award because Mr. Tao had fully vested in the award at the time we received stockholder approval. 
    
  The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity under our equity incentive plans as of   September 30, 2016  , and changes during the   nine   months then ended: 
  
                     Table of Contents  
    14 
     Financial Statement Index  

We incurred share-based compensation expense of   $0.6 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively, during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and of   $3.0 million   and   $6.8 million  , respectively, during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Net Income (Loss) per Share  
    
  For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were no reconciling items related to either the numerator or denominator of the loss per share calculation. 
    
  Securities which would have been anti-dilutive to a calculation of diluted earnings per share include: 

the outstanding stock options described above; 

the outstanding CBG Financing Warrants, which may be exercised to purchase   2,670,736   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $5.50   per share; 

the outstanding VDC Acquisition Warrants, which may be exercised to purchase   8,601,410   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $9.00   per share, and the outstanding VDC Financing Warrant, which may be exercised to purchase   2,657,223   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $8.74   per share; 

the warrants issued in conjunction with our acquisition of Hotelmobi, Inc., which may be exercised to purchase   1,000,000   shares of our common stock, half at an exercise price of   $8.00   per share and half at an exercise price of   $12.00   per share; and 

the warrants issued in conjunction with a private placement in 2012, which may be exercised to purchase   215,278   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $4.95   per share. 

NOTE 15.  SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  The following tables present certain information regarding our travel and entertainment segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Because the comparative amounts for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   were not material for the segment, we have not presented such information. 
    
  In the presentation of our segment information, we include Adjusted EBITDA, which is a  non-GAAP financial measure  as defined in Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  We use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplement to operating income (loss), the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the operational performance of our reportable segment.  Adjusted EBITDA represents operating income (loss) plus depreciation and amortization expense, share-based compensation expense, and net other income, less other loss.  You should not consider our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA in isolation, or consider it superior to, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.  You should also note that our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA may be different from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA or similarly-titled non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies; therefore, our Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to such other measures. 

Table of Contents  
    15 
     Financial Statement Index  

The following table presents certain financial information for our travel and entertainment segment (in thousands): 

The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA for the segment and for the corporate entity and other business units to Operating loss (in thousands): 

Table of Contents  
    16 
     Financial Statement Index  

The following table presents total assets for our travel and entertainment segment as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , capital expenditures for the travel and entertainment segment totaled   $0.5 million   and   $1.2 million  , respectively. 

NOTE 16.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    
    
  Private Placements of Common Stock 
    
  On October 4, 2016 and October 14, 2016, we issued a total of   666,667   shares of our common stock in private placements in exchange for   $3.0 million  .  Except for an amount equal to the par value of the shares issued, we recorded the proceeds in additional paid-in capital. 

Public Equity Line with Aspire Capital 
    
  On November 9, 2016, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital Fund, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company ( Aspire Capital ), which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of    $20.0 million   of shares of our common stock over the   30  -month term of the purchase agreement.  In consideration for entering into the purchase agreement with Aspire Capital, concurrently with the execution of such purchase agreement, we issued to Aspire Capital   151,515   shares of our common stock.  Immediately following the execution of the purchase agreement, we made an initial sale to Aspire Capital under the purchase agreement of   222,222   shares of common stock at a price of   $4.50   per share, for proceeds of   $1.0 million  . 
    
  Concurrently with entering into the purchase agreement, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with Aspire Capital, in which we agreed to file with the SEC one or more registration statements, as necessary, and to the extent permissible and subject to certain exceptions, to register under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the sale of the shares of our common stock that may be issued to Aspire Capital under the purchase agreement.  We have filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement (File No. 333-202024) registering all of the shares of common stock that may be offered to Aspire Capital from time to time. 
    
  For more details regarding the purchase agreement and the registration rights agreement with Aspire Capital, please see our Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the SEC on November 9, 2016. 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  You should read our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Such discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations.  You should also read     Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements     in the section following the table of contents of this report. 

Table of Contents  
    17 
     Financial Statement Index  

OVERVIEW 
    
  We own, operate and acquire innovative digital media properties across multiple verticals,   such as travel, personal finance, social media, young adult lifestyle and entertainment,   that deliver culturally relevant, dynamic content that attracts and engages users on a global scale.  We leverage our unique digital media assets to target the Millennial demographic, which provides us with access to fast-growing, lucrative markets. 
    
  During the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we earned most of our revenue from sales of travel and entertainment products, with various advertising mechanisms and merchandise sales also contributing to our revenue. 
    
  With regard to our Vegas.com operations, which comprise nearly all of our travel and entertainment segment results of operations, our sales via mobile devices were a significant percentage of total sales.  We intend to continue investing in improvements to our mobile platform, including a project to ensure customers receive current data on their travel and entertainment options as rapidly as possible as they use our mobile platform.   We view improving and expanding our presence on mobile devices as the best way in which we can differentiate our Vegas.com offerings from our competitors  offerings, as our competitors  in the Las Vegas market tend to be  brick-and-mortar  operations, and drive increases in revenue. 
    
  Our recent improvements to the desktop experience of our customers has, for example, led to significant improvement in conversion rates related to entertainment bookings.  Therefore, while we will continue to focus on our mobile platform, we will also continue to make improvements to the desktop experience, including an update to system architecture that will allow us to more rapidly institute such improvements. 
    
  On September 20, 2016, we completed the CBG Acquisition primarily to capitalize on the branded-content expertise in the China market of the entities we acquired from CBG, including Fanstang.  Fanstang, which is based in Shanghai, China, distributes Western digital entertainment content in China.  We also acquired an operation in Los Angeles, California that produces content distributed by Fanstang.  We plan to continue the focus on branded content in China, and to launch a branded-content strategy across all of our brands in the U.S. 

Matters Affecting Comparability of Results 
    
  The CBG Acquisition impacted our financial condition at   September 30, 2016  , but our subsidiaries acquired in the CBG Acquisition only nominally impacted the results of operations for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  We completed the Vegas.com Acquisition on September 24, 2015.  Our financial condition at   September 30, 2016   and our results of operations for the three and   nine   months then ended include Vegas.com, while the same periods in   2015   only include Vegas.com s results of operations for the six days subsequent to the Vegas.com Acquisition. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we made no material changes to our critical accounting policies as we disclosed them in Part II, Item 7 of our   2015   Form 10-K. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  As a result of the Vegas.com Acquisition completed in the third quarter of 2015, we have one reportable segment:  travel and entertainment.  Because the travel and entertainment segment did not exist prior to the third quarter of 2015, we do not have comparative results from the prior fiscal year.  We therefore do not provide herein a presentation of changes in segment results with associated explanations of the changes; rather, we provide a presentation of changes in overall results with associated explanations of the changes, noting that the Vegas.com Acquisition is the largest contributing factor. 
    
  In the tables below, we present dollar amounts in thousands. 

Table of Contents  
    18 
     Financial Statement Index  

Revenue 

During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenue was primarily affected by the operating results of Vegas.com after the Vegas.com Acquisition, which added net revenue of $14.9 million and $42.7 million, respectively.  The three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 also included approximately $0.4 million of net revenue from our operation of Vegas.com after the acquisition date. 

Cost and Expense 

Our operation of Vegas.com after the Vegas.com Acquisition increased our operating expense categories during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as follows: 

Cost of revenue - approximately $2.8 million and $7.6 million, respectively 

Sales and marketing - approximately $4.9 million and $14.9 million, respectively 

Technology and development - approximately $0.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively 

General and administrative - approximately $4.9 million and $14.2 million, respectively 

Depreciation and amortization - approximately $2.0 million and $5.8 million, respectively 

Other operating expense - approximately $0.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively 

For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , increases in data storage and website/application maintenance costs of $0.3 million and $1.0 million, primarily associated with KanKan, were the primary cause of the increases in Technology and development expense noted in the tables above, exclusive of the contribution resulting from our operation of Vegas.com.  We began to ramp-up operations related to KanKan approximately at the beginning of the second quarter of 2015. 
    
  In addition to the contribution noted above to general and administrative expense resulting from our operation of Vegas.com, which also added approximately $0.3 million in the prior year during the three and   nine   months ended September 30, 2015, the following also affected general and administrative expense: 

For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , share-based compensation decreased approximately $4.7 million and $3.8 million, respectively, primarily because we awarded grants to our employees in July 2015 of options to purchase an aggregate of approximately 1.8 million shares of our common stock, half of which vested on the grant date and the other half of which vested by December 31, 2015.  We did not make a similar set of grants during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Also contributing to the decrease in stock compensation was our decision to grant fewer awards in 2016 compared to 2015 and prior, and to grant awards to employees during 2016 that vest over two years rather than over one year. 

On January 11, 2016, our stockholders approved the grant of an option to purchase 350,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $4.10 per share to Kai-Shing Tao, our CEO and Chairman of the Board.  We recorded the entire $1.0 million of share-based compensation expense associated with the award, which partially offset the decrease in share-based compensation during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   noted in the previous bullet, because Mr. Tao had fully vested in the award at the time we received stockholder approval. 

For the three and   nine   months ended September 30, 2016, legal expense decreased by $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively, primarily because of legal costs associated with the Vegas.com Acquisition in 2015, whereas legal costs associated with the CBG Acquisition in 2016 were less significant. 

Certain general and administrative costs that would have previously been recorded by our other subsidiary that makes up the travel and entertainment segment were combined with similar costs and recorded at Vegas.com and are reflected in the amounts above depicting the results of Vegas.com. 

Approximate increases of $0.3 million and $0.6 million, respectively, in facilities costs during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   related to the lease of our new corporate headquarters 

We began amortizing the cost of certain internally-developed software which was substantially completed in the prior year subsequent to the second quarter of 2015, resulting in an increase during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   of approximately $0.7 million in depreciation and amortization expense, exclusive of the operations of Vegas.com. 

Other Income (Expense) 

On September 23, 2015, we incurred approximately $1.5 million of debt conversion expense related to inducing certain of the holders of our debt to convert their convertible debt securities into shares of our common stock to satisfy a condition precedent to the financing of the Vegas.com Acquisition. 
    
  The Loan we obtained under the Financing Agreement to finance the Vegas.com Acquisition was the primary cause of the increase in interest expense reflected in the tables above. 
    
  As described in    Note 3   , we entered into the Amendment related to the Financing Agreement on September 20, 2016.  We accounted for the Amendment as a debt extinguishment, resulting in a loss consisting of the $4.6 million unamortized balance of debt discount and debt issuance cost immediately before the Amendment, the $3.6 million fair value of the warrants we provided to the Lenders, the $0.5 million additional exit fee and the $0.4 million of cash we paid to the Lenders. 
    
  Our issuance of the VDC Financing Warrant and the VDC Acquisition Warrants resulted in the differences in the amount of change we recorded in relation to estimating the fair value of the warrant liabilities at the reporting date. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Overview 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and in each fiscal year since our inception, we have incurred net losses and generated negative cash flow from operations, resulting in an accumulated deficit of   $184.5 million   and a cash and cash equivalents balance of   $5.3 million  , both amounts as of   September 30, 2016  .  Our net revenue during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $44.4 million  . 

During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we issued a total of   963,922   shares of our common stock to accredited investors in certain private placements in exchange for approximately   $4.3 million   in cash. 
    
  On September 24, 2015, concurrently with the closing of the Vegas.com Acquisition, we entered into the Financing Agreement, pursuant to which the Lenders extended credit to the Borrowers consisting of the Loan in the aggregate principal amount of $27.5 million.  On September 20, 2016, concurrently with the closing of the CBG Acquisition, we entered into the Amendment which, among other changes, increased the Loan by $8.0 million to a total aggregate principal amount of $35.5 million.  The Loan amount outstanding accrues interest at three-month LIBOR plus 10.0% per annum, payable monthly, and the Loan has a maturity date of September 24, 2018.  The Financing Agreement and related documents also provide for certain fees payable to the Lenders, including a $2.5 million exit fee, and for the issuance of the VDC Financing Warrant, which provides the holder with the right to sell the warrant back to Remark on its expiration date in exchange for $3.0 million in cash (reduced pro rata based on the percentage of the warrant exercised).  As of   September 30, 2016  , $35.5 million of aggregate principal remained outstanding under the Loan. 
    
  The Financing Agreement, as modified by the Amendment, contains certain affirmative and negative covenants, including but not limited to financial covenants with respect to quarterly EBITDA levels and the value of our assets.  If we fail to comply with any financial covenant under the Financing Agreement going forward, under certain circumstances after a cure period, the Lender may demand the repayment of the Loan amount outstanding and unpaid interest thereon, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  As of and for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Financing Agreement. 
    
  On September 24, 2015, concurrently with the closing of the Vegas.com Acquisition, Vegas.com entered into the Letter of Credit Facility Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., which currently expires on May 31, 2017, providing for a letter of credit facility with up to $9.3 million of availability.  Amounts available under the Letter of Credit Facility Agreement are subject to customary fees and are secured by a first-priority lien on, and security interest in, a cash collateral account with the bank containing cash equal to 101.25% of the aggregate outstanding undrawn face amount of all letters of credit under the Letter of Credit Facility Agreement outstanding. 
    
  Though we believe that the CBG Acquisition and the Vegas.com Acquisition will provide us with additional revenue sources, we cannot provide assurance that revenue generated from our businesses will be sufficient to sustain our operations in the long term.  We have implemented measures to reduce operating costs, and we continuously evaluate other opportunities to reduce costs.  Additionally, we are actively assessing the sale of certain non-core assets, considering sales of minority interests in certain of our operating businesses, and evaluating potential acquisitions that would provide additional revenue.  However, we may need to obtain additional capital through equity financing, debt financing, or by divesting of certain assets or businesses. 
    
  Conditions in the debt and equity markets, as well as the volatility of investor sentiment regarding macroeconomic and microeconomic conditions, will play primary roles in determining whether we can successfully obtain additional capital.  Additionally, pursuant to the Financing Agreement, we are subject to certain limitations on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional debt and transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, without the consent of the Lenders.  We cannot be certain that we will be successful at raising capital, whether in an equity financing, debt financing, or by divesting of certain assets or businesses, on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  In addition, if we obtain capital by issuing equity, such transaction(s) may dilute existing stockholders. 
    
  A variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, affect our cash flow; those factors include regulatory issues, competition, financial markets and other general business conditions.  Based upon our most recent cash flow projections, we believe that we have sufficient existing cash, cash equivalents and cash resources to meet our ongoing requirements through   September 30,     2017  , including repayment of our existing debt as it matures.  However, projecting operating results is inherently uncertain because anticipated expenses may exceed current forecasts; therefore, we cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient income and cash flow to meet all of our liquidity requirements. 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 
    
  We generated   $7.9 million   more cash from operating activities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   than we did during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily a result of our operation of Vegas.com subsequent to the Vegas.com Acquisition. 

Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we paid approximately $7.4 million for the CBG Acquisition and obtained only an insignificant amount of cash, while the amount of cash we obtained in the Vegas.com Acquisition nearly offset the cash consideration we paid.  As a result, our business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, were approximately   $7.1 million   more than in the comparative period.  We also expended   $1.0 million   more to purchase property and equipment than we did during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , our financing activities provided   $10.0 million   less than during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  During 2016, we obtained   $2.4 million   less from common stock issuances than we obtained during the comparable period of 2015, while our net proceeds from debt financing were   $20.3 million   less than during the comparable period of 2015.  The decreases in cash provided by financing activities was partially offset because we established a restricted cash balance of approximately $11.7 million and repaid approximately $1.4 million of debt during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , but had no similar activity during the same period of 2016. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Please refer to    Note 2    in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for a discussion regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements which may affect us. 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
       
  Not applicable 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms.  We designed our disclosure controls with the objective of ensuring we accumulate and communicate this information to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based upon that evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
    
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDING  S 
       
  None 

ITEM 1A. 
    RISK     FACTORS 
       
  Not Applicable 

ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
       
  On August 10, 2016, we issued a total of 444,444 shares of our common stock to accredited investors in private placements in exchange for $2.0 million in cash. 
    
  We made the offers and sales of securities in the private placements in reliance upon an exemption from registration requirements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based upon representations made to us by the investors in purchase agreements we entered into with the investors. 

ITEM 3. 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
       
  None 

ITEM 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
       
  Not applicable 

ITEM 5. 
    OTHER   INFORMATION  
       
  None 

Table of Contents  
    24 
     Financial Statement Index  

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 

Incorporated Herein 
  By Reference To 
      Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      
    Document 
      
    Filed On 
      
    Exhibit Number 
      2.1 
      
    Second Amended and Restated Asset and Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as September 20, 2016, by and among China Branding Group Limited (in official liquidation), certain of its managers and subsidiaries listed on the signature page thereto, the joint official liquidators, KanKan Limited and Remark Media, Inc.    1  
      
    8-K 
      
    09/26/2016 
      
    2.1 
      4.1 
      
    Form of CBG Acquisition Warrant. 
      
    8-K 
      
    09/26/2016 
      
    4.1 
      4.2 
      
    Form of CBG Financing Warrant. 
      
    8-K 
      
    09/26/2016 
      
    4.2 
      10.1 
      
    Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among Remark Media, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries named as Borrowers and Guarantors, the Lenders and MGG Investment Group LP, as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent for the Lenders. 
      
    8-K 
      
    09/26/2016 
      
    10.1 
      10.2 
      
    Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 20, 2016, by and between Remark Media, Inc. and the Subscribers listed on the signature page thereto. 
      
    8-K 
      
    09/26/2016 
      
    10.2 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

1. 
    We have omitted certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K.  We will furnish a copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
     
                     Table of Contents  
    25 
     Financial Statement Index  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

REMARK MEDIA, INC. 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Douglas Osrow 

Douglas Osrow 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

Table of Contents  
    26 
     Financial Statement Index  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mark_30sep2016xex311.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Kai-Shing Tao (the registrant's principal executive officer), certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Remark Media, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 14, 2016    
    
                   By: 
    /s/ Kai-Shing Tao 

Kai-Shing Tao 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mark_30sep2016xex312.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Douglas Osrow, (the registrant's principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Remark Media, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 14, 2016    
    
                   By 
    /s/ Douglas Osrow 

Douglas Osrow 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 mark_30sep2016xex32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  We, Kai-Shing Tao, the registrant's principal executive officer, and Douglas Osrow, the registrant's principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, certify that, to our knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Remark Media, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:   November 14, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Kai-Shing Tao 
        
    Kai-Shing Tao 
        
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

/s/ Douglas Osrow 
        
    Douglas Osrow 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mark-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mark-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mark-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mark-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mark-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mark-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

