<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_800457_0001193125-16-761062_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4454913</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98521</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>259834</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>719393</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2029272</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1137159</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-761062.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107094255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-761062
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DONEGAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000800457
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				232424711
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15341
		FILM NUMBER:		161976806

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1195 RIVER RD PO BOX 302
		CITY:			MARIETTA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17547-0302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7174261931

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1195 RIVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		BOX 302
		CITY:			MARIETTA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17547

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-761062.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 d251125d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                      .   
  Commission file number 0-15341        
       Donegal Group
Inc.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  23-2424711   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    1195 River Road, P.O. Box 302, Marietta, PA 17547   
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)   
  (717) 426-1931   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  Not applicable      (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by
check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 21,231,379
shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 5,576,775 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding on October 31, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

  DONE  GAL GROUP INC.  
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q REPORT      

Page   

PART I 
    
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
    
  Financial Statements  

1 

Item 2. 
    
  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

20 

Item 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

28 

Item 4. 
    
  Controls and Procedures  

29 

PART II 
    
  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
    
  Legal Proceedings  

30 

Item 1A. 
    
  Risk Factors  

30 

Item 2. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

30 

Item 3. 
    
  Defaults upon Senior Securities  

30 

Item 4. 
    
  Removed and Reserved  

30 

Item 5. 
    
  Other Information  

30 

Item 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

31 

Signatures   

32 

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements.        Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Income   
 (Unaudited)      
    Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
 (Unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Income   
 (Unaudited)      
    Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
 (Unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
 (Unaudited)     Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
 (Unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   DONEGAL GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  (Unaudited)      Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements       

1 -  
  Organization       Donegal Mutual Insurance Company ( Donegal Mutual ) organized us
as an insurance holding company on August 26, 1986. Our insurance subsidiaries, Atlantic States Insurance Company ( Atlantic States ), Southern Insurance Company of Virginia ( Southern ), Le Mars Insurance Company ( Le
Mars ), the Peninsula Insurance Group ( Peninsula ), which consists of Peninsula Indemnity Company and The Peninsula Insurance Company, Sheboygan Falls Insurance Company ( Sheboygan ) and Michigan Insurance Company
( MICO ), write personal and commercial lines of property and casualty coverages exclusively through a network of independent insurance agents in certain Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern, New England and Southern states. We also own 48.2% of the
outstanding stock of Donegal Financial Services Corporation ( DFSC ), a grandfathered unitary savings and loan holding company that owns Union Community Bank ( UCB ), a state savings bank. Donegal Mutual owns the remaining 51.8%
of the outstanding stock of DFSC.    We have four segments: our investment function, our personal lines of insurance, our commercial lines
of insurance and our investment in DFSC. The personal lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of homeowners and private passenger automobile policies. The commercial lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist
primarily of commercial automobile, commercial multi-peril and workers  compensation policies.    At September 30, 2016, Donegal
Mutual held approximately 47% of our outstanding Class A common stock and approximately 83% of our outstanding Class B common stock. This ownership provides Donegal Mutual with approximately 73% of the total voting power of our outstanding
common stock. We believe Donegal Mutual s voting control of us benefits us for the reasons we describe in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and in our proxy statements. Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual have interrelated operations
due to a pooling agreement and other intercompany agreements and transactions. While each company maintains its separate corporate existence, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual conduct business together as the Donegal Insurance Group. As
such, Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries share the same business philosophy, the same management, the same employees and the same facilities and offer the same types of insurance products.  
 Atlantic States, our largest subsidiary, participates in a pooling agreement with Donegal Mutual. Under the pooling agreement, Donegal Mutual
and Atlantic States pool their insurance business and each company receives an allocated percentage of the pooled business. Atlantic States has an 80% share of the results of the pooled business, and Donegal Mutual has a 20% share of the results of
the pooled business.    The same executive management and underwriting personnel administer products, classes of business underwritten,
pricing practices and underwriting standards of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries. In addition, as the Donegal Insurance Group, Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries share a combined business plan to achieve market penetration
and underwriting profitability objectives. The products our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual market are generally complementary, thereby allowing the Donegal Insurance Group to offer a broader range of products to a given market and to
expand the Donegal Insurance Group s ability to service an entire personal lines or commercial lines account. Distinctions within the products Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries offer relate generally to specific risk profiles
targeted within similar classes of business, such as preferred tier products versus standard tier products, but we do not allocate all of the standard risk gradients to one company. Therefore, the underwriting profitability of the business the
individual companies write directly will vary. However, as the risk characteristics of all business Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States write directly are homogenized within the underwriting pool, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States share the
underwriting results in proportion to their respective participation in the pool. Pooled business represents the predominant percentage of the net underwriting activity of both Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States.  
 On July 18, 2013, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we have the authority to purchase up to
500,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock at prices prevailing from time to time in the open market subject to the provisions of applicable rules of the SEC and in privately negotiated transactions. We did not purchase any shares of
our Class A common stock under this program during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We purchased 57,658 shares of our Class A common stock under this program during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We have
purchased a total of 57,658 shares of our Class A common stock under this program from its inception through September 30, 2016.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

2 -  
  Basis of Presentation       Our financial information for the interim periods included in
this Form 10-Q Report is unaudited; however, our financial information we include in this Form 10-Q Report reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of our management, are necessary for a fair
presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for those interim periods. Our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations we expect
for the year ending December 31, 2016.    You should read the interim financial statements we include in this Form 10-Q Report in
conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to our financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

3 -  
  Earnings Per Share       We have two classes of common stock, which we refer to as our
Class A common stock and our Class B common stock. Our certificate of incorporation provides that whenever our board of directors declares a dividend on our Class B common stock, our board of directors shall simultaneously declare a dividend on
our Class A common stock that is payable to the holders of our Class A common stock at the same time and as of the same record date at a rate that is at least 10% greater than the rate at which our board of directors declared a dividend on
our Class B common stock. Accordingly, we use the two-class method to compute our earnings per common share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share separately for each class of common stock based on
dividends we have declared and an allocation of our remaining undistributed earnings using a participation percentage that reflects the dividend rights of each class. The table below presents for the periods indicated a reconciliation of the
numerators and denominators we used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for each class of our common stock:      
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

We did not include outstanding options to purchase the following number of shares of Class A common stock
in our computation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price of the options exceeded the average market price of our Class A common stock during the applicable periods:  

4 -  
  Reinsurance       Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual have participated in a pooling agreement
since 1986 under which each company places all of its direct written premiums into the pool the pooling agreement established, and Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual then share the underwriting results of the pool in accordance with the terms of the
pooling agreement. Atlantic States has an 80% share of the results of the pool, and Donegal Mutual has a 20% share of the results of the pool.  
 Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual purchase certain third-party reinsurance on a combined basis. Le Mars, MICO, Peninsula and
Sheboygan also purchase separate third-party reinsurance that provides coverage that we believe is commensurate with their relative size and risk exposures. Our insurance subsidiaries use several different reinsurers, all of which, consistent with
the requirements of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, have an A.M. Best rating of A- (Excellent) or better or, with respect to foreign reinsurers, have a financial condition that, in the opinion of our management, is equivalent to a
company with at least an A- rating from A.M. Best. The following information describes the external reinsurance our insurance subsidiaries have in place for 2016:      

excess of loss reinsurance, under which Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries recover, through a series of reinsurance agreements, losses over a set retention (generally $1.0 million), and    

catastrophe reinsurance, under which Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries recover, through a series of
reinsurance agreements, 100% of an accumulation of many losses resulting from a single event, including natural     
      8  

Table of Contents  

disasters, over a set retention (generally $5.0 million) and after exceeding an annual aggregate deductible (generally $1.0 million) up to aggregate losses of $170.0 million per occurrence.
      Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual also purchase facultative reinsurance to cover exposures in excess of the
covered limits of their third-party reinsurance agreements.    In addition to the pooling agreement and third-party reinsurance, our
insurance subsidiaries have various reinsurance agreements with Donegal Mutual.    We have made no significant changes to our third-party
reinsurance or the reinsurance agreements between our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      

5 -  
  Investments       The amortized cost and estimated fair values of our fixed maturities and
equity securities at September 30, 2016 were as follows:      
   At September 30, 2016, our holdings of obligations of states and political subdivisions included general
obligation bonds with an aggregate fair value of $229.6 million and an amortized cost of $213.6 million. Our holdings at September 30, 2016 also included special revenue bonds with an aggregate fair value of $101.2 million and an amortized cost
of $92.7 million. With respect to both categories of those bonds at September 30, 2016, we held no securities of any issuer that constituted more than 10% of our holdings of either bond category. Education bonds and water and sewer utility
bonds represented 62% and 24%, respectively, of our total investments in special revenue bonds based on the carrying values of these investments at September 30, 2016. Many of the issuers of the special revenue bonds we held at
September 30, 2016 have the authority to impose ad valorem taxes. In that respect, many of the special revenue bonds we held at September 30, 2016 were similar to general obligation bonds.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The amortized cost and estimated fair values of our fixed maturities and equity securities at
December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
   At December 31, 2015, our holdings of obligations of states and political subdivisions included general
obligation bonds with an aggregate fair value of $256.9 million and an amortized cost of $241.1 million. Our holdings also included special revenue bonds with an aggregate fair value of $109.5 million and an amortized cost of $101.8 million. With
respect to both categories of bonds, we held no securities of any issuer that comprised more than 10% of that category at December 31, 2015. Education bonds and water and sewer utility bonds represented 57% and 26%, respectively, of our total
investments in special revenue bonds based on their carrying values at December 31, 2015. Many of the issuers of the special revenue bonds we held at December 31, 2015 have the authority to impose ad valorem taxes. In that respect, many of
the special revenue bonds we held are similar to general obligation bonds.    We made reclassifications from available for sale to held to
maturity of certain fixed maturities at fair value on November 30, 2013. We segregated within accumulated other comprehensive income the net unrealized losses of $15.1 million arising prior to the November 30, 2013 reclassification date
for fixed maturities we reclassified from available for sale to held to maturity. We are amortizing this balance over the remaining life of the related securities as an adjustment to yield in a manner consistent with the accretion of discount on the
same fixed maturities. We recorded amortization of $1.0 million and $905,446 in accumulated other comprehensive income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, net unrealized losses of $11.3 million and $12.3 million, respectively, remained within accumulated other comprehensive income.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  We show below the amortized cost and estimated fair value of our fixed maturities at
September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers of the securities may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  
   
   Gross realized gains and losses from investments before applicable income taxes for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:      
   We held fixed maturities and equity securities with unrealized losses representing declines that we considered
temporary at September 30, 2016 as follows:      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

  We held fixed maturities and equity securities with unrealized losses representing declines that
we considered temporary at December 31, 2015 as follows:      
   We make estimates concerning the valuation of our investments and the recognition of other-than-temporary
declines in the value of our investments. For equity securities, we write down the investment to its fair value, and we reflect the amount of the write-down as a realized loss in our results of operations when we consider the decline in value of an
individual equity security investment to be other than temporary. We monitor all investments individually for other-than-temporary declines in value. Generally, we assume there has been an other-than-temporary decline in value if an individual
equity security has depreciated in value by more than 20% of our original cost and has been in such an unrealized loss position for more than six months. We held seven equity securities that were in an unrealized loss position at September 30,
2016. Based upon our analysis of general market conditions and underlying factors impacting these equity securities, we considered these declines in value to be temporary. With respect to a debt security that is in an unrealized loss position, we
first assess if we intend to sell the debt security. If we determine we intend to sell the debt security, we recognize the impairment loss in our results of operations. If we do not intend to sell the debt security, we determine whether it is more
likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security prior to recovery. If we determine it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security prior to recovery, we recognize an impairment loss in our results of
operations. If we determine it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell the debt security prior to recovery, we then evaluate whether a credit loss has occurred. We determine whether a credit loss has occurred by comparing the
amortized cost of the debt security to the present value of the cash flows we expect to collect. If we expect a cash flow shortfall, we consider that a credit loss has occurred. If we determine that a credit loss has occurred, we consider the
impairment to be other than temporary. We then recognize the amount of the impairment loss related to the credit loss in our results of operations, and we recognize the remaining portion of the impairment loss in our other comprehensive income, net
of applicable taxes. In addition, we may write down securities in an unrealized loss position based on a number of other factors, including when the fair value of an investment is significantly below its cost, when the financial condition of the
issuer of a security has deteriorated, the occurrence of industry, issuer or geographic events that have negatively impacted the value of a security and rating agency downgrades. We held 55 debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position at
September 30, 2016. Based upon our analysis of general market conditions and underlying factors impacting these debt securities, we considered these declines in value to be temporary.  
 We amortize premiums and discounts on debt securities over the life of the security as an adjustment to yield using the effective interest
method. We compute realized investment gains and losses using the specific identification method.    We amortize premiums and discounts on
mortgage-backed debt securities using anticipated prepayments.    We account for our investment in affiliate using the equity method of
accounting. Under this method, we record our investment at cost, with adjustments for our share of our affiliate s earnings and losses as well as changes in the equity of our affiliate due to unrealized gains and losses. Our investment in
affiliate represents our 48.2% ownership interest in DFSC. We include our share of DFSC s net income in our results of operations. We have compiled the following summary financial information for DFSC at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, from the financial statements of DFSC. The financial information of DFSC at September 30, 2016 and 2015 and for the three and nine
months then ended is unaudited.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

13  

Table of Contents  

6 -  
  Segment Information       We evaluate the performance of our personal lines and commercial
lines segments based upon the underwriting results of our insurance subsidiaries using statutory accounting principles ( SAP ) that various state insurance departments prescribe or permit. Our management uses SAP to measure the performance
of our insurance subsidiaries instead of United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). Financial data by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

14  

Table of Contents  

7 -  
  Borrowings        Lines of Credit   
 In July 2016, we renewed our existing credit agreement with Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company ( M T ) relating to a $60.0
million unsecured, revolving line of credit. The line of credit expires in July 2019. We have the right to request a one-year extension of the credit agreement as of each anniversary date of the credit agreement. At September 30, 2016, we had
$39.0 million in outstanding borrowings and had the ability to borrow an additional $21.0 million at interest rates equal to M T s current prime rate or the then current LIBOR rate plus 2.25%. The interest rate on our outstanding borrowings
from M T is adjustable quarterly, and, at September 30, 2016, that interest rate was 2.78%. We pay a fee of 0.2% per annum on the loan commitment amount regardless of usage. The credit agreement requires our compliance with certain
covenants. These covenants include minimum levels of our net worth, leverage ratio, statutory surplus and the A.M. Best ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. We were in compliance with all requirements of the M T credit agreement during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016.    MICO is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) of Indianapolis. Through its
membership, MICO has the ability to issue debt to the FHLB of Indianapolis in exchange for cash advances. MICO had no outstanding borrowings with the FHLB of Indianapolis at September 30, 2016. The table below presents the amount of FHLB of
Indianapolis stock MICO purchased, collateral pledged and assets related to MICO s membership at September 30, 2016.      
   Atlantic States is a member of the FHLB of Pittsburgh. Through its membership, Atlantic States has the ability
to issue debt to the FHLB of Pittsburgh in exchange for cash advances. Atlantic States had $35.0 million in outstanding advances at  
      15  

Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016. The interest rate on the advances was .59% at September 30, 2016. The table below presents the amount of FHLB of Pittsburgh stock Atlantic States purchased,
collateral pledged and assets related to Atlantic States  membership in the FHLB of Pittsburgh at September 30, 2016.      
    Subordinated Debentures   
 Donegal Mutual holds a $5.0 million surplus note that MICO issued to increase MICO s statutory surplus. The surplus note carries an
interest rate of 5.00%, and any repayment of principal or payment of interest on the surplus note requires prior approval of the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services.  

8 -  
  Share Based Compensation       We measure all share-based payments to employees,
including grants of stock options, and use a fair-value-based method for the recording of related compensation expense in our consolidated statements of income. In determining the expense we record for stock options granted to directors and
employees of our subsidiaries and affiliates, we estimate the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The significant assumptions we utilize in applying the Black-Scholes option pricing
model are the risk-free interest rate, the expected term, the dividend yield and the expected volatility.    We charged compensation expense
related to our stock compensation plans against income before income taxes of $414,696 and $598,516 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with a corresponding income tax benefit of $145,143 and $209,481,
respectively. We charged compensation expense related to our stock compensation plans against income before income taxes of $2.0 million and $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with a corresponding
income tax benefit of $710,584 and $671,607, respectively. At September 30, 2016, we had $2.0 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested share-based compensation granted under our stock compensation plans. We expect to
recognize this compensation expense over a weighted average period of approximately 1.3 years.    We received cash from option exercises
under all stock compensation plans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $3.7 million and $181,488, respectively. We received cash from option exercises under all stock compensation plans during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $7.8 million and $13.7 million, respectively. We realized actual tax benefits for the tax deductions related to option exercises of $243,656 and $4,802 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. We realized actual tax benefits for the tax deductions related to option exercises of $521,852 and $424,537 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

9 -  
  Fair Value Measurements       We account for financial assets using a framework that
establishes a hierarchy that ranks the quality and reliability of the inputs, or assumptions, we use in the determination of fair value, and we classify financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the following three categories:
   Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;  
 Level 2   directly or indirectly observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices; and  
 Level 3   unobservable inputs not corroborated by market data.  
 For investments that have quoted market prices in active markets, we use the quoted market price as fair value and include these investments
in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. We classify publicly-traded equity securities as Level 1. When quoted market prices in active markets are not available, we base fair values on quoted market prices of comparable instruments or price estimates
we obtain from independent pricing services and include these investments in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. We classify our fixed maturity investments as Level 2. Our fixed maturity investments consist of U.S. Treasury  
      16  

Table of Contents  

securities and obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies, obligations of states and political subdivisions, corporate securities and mortgage-backed securities.  
 We present our investments in available-for-sale fixed maturity and equity securities at estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of a
security may differ from the amount that could be realized if we sold the security in a forced transaction. In addition, the valuation of fixed maturity investments is more subjective when markets are less liquid, increasing the potential that the
estimated fair value does not reflect the price at which an actual transaction would occur. We utilize nationally recognized independent pricing services to estimate fair values or obtain market quotations for substantially all of our fixed maturity
and equity investments. These pricing services utilize market quotations for fixed maturity and equity securities that have quoted prices in active markets. For fixed maturity securities that generally do not trade on a daily basis, the pricing
services prepare estimates of fair value measurements based predominantly on observable market inputs. The pricing services do not use broker quotes in determining the fair values of our investments. Our investment personnel review the estimates of
fair value the pricing services provide to determine if the estimates we obtain from the pricing services are representative of fair values based upon our investment personnel s general knowledge of the market, their research findings related
to unusual fluctuations in value and their comparison of such values to execution prices for similar securities. Our investment personnel regularly monitor the market, current trading ranges for similar securities and the pricing of specific
investments. Our investment personnel review all pricing estimates that we receive from the pricing services against their expectations with respect to pricing based on fair market curves, security ratings, coupon rates, security type and recent
trading activity. Our investment personnel review documentation with respect to the pricing services  pricing methodology that they obtain periodically to determine if the primary pricing sources, market inputs and pricing frequency for various
security types are reasonable. At September 30, 2016, we received two estimates per security from the pricing services, and we priced substantially all of our Level 1 and Level 2 investments using those prices. In our review of the estimates
the pricing services provided at September 30, 2016, we did not identify any material discrepancies, and we did not make any adjustments to the estimates the pricing services provided.  
 We present our cash and short-term investments at estimated fair value. We classify these items as Level 1.  
 The carrying values we report in our balance sheet for premium receivables and reinsurance receivables and payables for premiums and paid
losses and loss expenses approximate their fair values. The carrying amounts we report in our balance sheet for our subordinated debentures and borrowings under lines of credit approximate their fair values. We classify these items as Level 3.  
 We evaluate our assets and liabilities on a recurring basis to determine the appropriate level at which to classify them for each reporting
period.    The following table presents our fair value measurements for our investments in available-for-sale fixed maturity and equity
securities at September 30, 2016:      
   We did not transfer any investments between Levels 1 and 2 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents our fair value measurements for our investments in
available-for-sale fixed maturity and equity securities at December 31, 2015:      
     
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, we
had no material unrecognized tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties. Tax years 2013 through 2016 remained open for examination at September 30, 2016. We provide a valuation allowance when we believe it is more likely than not that
we will not realize some portion of our tax assets. We established a valuation allowance of $440,778 related to a portion of the net operating loss carryforward of Le Mars at January 1, 2004. We have determined that we are not required to
establish a valuation allowance for our other deferred tax assets of $43.4 million and $42.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, because it is more likely than not that we will realize these deferred tax
assets through reversals of existing temporary differences, future taxable income and the implementation of tax planning strategies. Our deferred tax assets include a net operating loss carryforward of $3.6 million related to Le Mars, which will
begin to expire in 2020 if not previously utilized. This carryforward is subject to an annual limitation in the amount that we can use in any one year of approximately $376,000. Our deferred tax assets also include an alternative minimum tax credit
carryforward of $7.6 million with an indefinite life.      

11 -  
  Impact of New Accounting Standards       In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the  FASB ) issued guidance that requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. While the guidance will replace most existing
GAAP revenue recognition guidance, the scope of the guidance excludes insurance contracts. The new standard is effective on January 1, 2018. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or the cumulative effect transition method. We
do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In February 2015, the FASB issued a new standard that amends the current consolidation guidance affecting both the variable interest entity
( VIE ) and voting interest entity ( VOE ) consolidation models. The standard does not add or remove any of the characteristics in determining if an entity is a VIE or a VOE, but rather, the standard enhances assessment of some
of these characteristics. The new standard was effective on December 15, 2015. The adoption of this new guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In May 2015, the FASB issued guidance that removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which
fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The guidance also removes the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per
share practical expedient. The guidance instead limits disclosure to investments for which the entity has elected to measure fair value using that practical expedient. The guidance was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2015, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The adoption of this new guidance did not have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  In May 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires entities to provide additional disclosures
about their liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses to increase the transparency of significant estimates. The guidance also requires entities to disclose information about significant changes in methodologies and assumptions used
to calculate the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, including the reasons for the changes and the effects on the entities  financial statements, and the timing, frequency and severity of claims. The guidance also
requires entities to disclose a rollforward of the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses for annual and interim reporting periods. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that generally requires entities to measure equity investments at fair value and recognize changes
in fair value in their results of operations. The guidance also simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring entities to perform a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. The
FASB issued other disclosure and presentation improvements related to financial instruments within the guidance. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. As a result of this guidance,
we will reflect changes in the fair value of our equity investments in our results of operations beginning January 1, 2018.    In
February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires lessees to recognize leases, including operating leases, on the lessee s balance sheet, unless a lease is considered a short-term lease. The guidance also requires entities to make new
judgments to identify leases. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and permits early adoption. We do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a significant impact on
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies and improves several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual
and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance that amends previous guidance on the impairment of financial instruments by adding an impairment model
that allows an entity to recognize expected credit losses as an allowance rather than impairments as credit losses are incurred. The new guidance is intended to reduce complexity and result in a more timely recognition of expected credit losses. The
guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. We do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
   In August 2016, the FASB issued guidance that clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments shall be presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows. This guidance addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.     We recommend that you read the following information in conjunction with the historical financial information
and the footnotes to that financial information we include in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We also recommend you read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 We combine our financial statements with those of our insurance subsidiaries and present our financial statements on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP.    Our insurance subsidiaries make estimates and assumptions that can have a significant effect on amounts and
disclosures we report in our financial statements. The most significant estimates relate to the reserves of our insurance subsidiaries for property and casualty insurance unpaid losses and loss expenses, the valuation of investments and the
determination of other-than-temporary investment impairments and the policy acquisition costs of our insurance subsidiaries. While we believe our estimates and the estimates of our insurance subsidiaries are appropriate, the ultimate amounts of
these liabilities may differ from the estimates we provided. We regularly review our methods for making these estimates and we reflect any adjustment we consider necessary in our current consolidated results of operations.  
 Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Expenses  
 Liabilities for losses and loss expenses are estimates at a given point in time of the amounts an insurer expects to pay with respect to
incurred policyholder claims based on facts and circumstances the insurer knows at that point in time. At the time of establishing its estimates, an insurer recognizes that its ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses will exceed or be less
than such estimates. Our insurance subsidiaries base their estimates of liabilities for losses and loss expenses on assumptions as to future loss trends, expected claims severity, judicial theories of liability and other factors. However, during the
loss adjustment period, our insurance subsidiaries may learn additional facts regarding individual claims, and, consequently, it often becomes necessary for our insurance subsidiaries to refine and adjust their estimates for these liabilities. We
reflect any adjustments to our insurance subsidiaries  liabilities for losses and loss expenses in our consolidated results of operations in the period in which our insurance subsidiaries make the changes in estimates.  
 Our insurance subsidiaries maintain liabilities for the payment of losses and loss expenses with respect to both reported and unreported
claims. Our insurance subsidiaries establish these liabilities for the purpose of covering the ultimate costs of settling all losses, including investigation and litigation costs. Our insurance subsidiaries base the amount of their liability for
reported losses primarily upon a case-by-case evaluation of the type of risk involved, knowledge of the circumstances surrounding each claim and the insurance policy provisions relating to the type of loss the policyholder incurred. Our insurance
subsidiaries determine the amount of their liability for unreported claims and loss expenses on the basis of historical information by line of insurance. Our insurance subsidiaries account for inflation in the reserving function through analysis of
costs and trends and reviews of historical reserving results. Our insurance subsidiaries monitor their liabilities closely and recompute them periodically using new information on reported claims and a variety of statistical techniques. Our
insurance subsidiaries do not discount their liabilities for losses and loss expenses.    Reserve estimates can change over time because of
unexpected changes in assumptions related to our insurance subsidiaries  external environment and, to a lesser extent, assumptions related to our insurance subsidiaries  internal operations. For example, our insurance subsidiaries have
experienced a decrease in claims frequency on workers  compensation claims during the past several years while the severity of these claims has gradually increased. These trend changes give rise to greater uncertainty as to the pattern of
future loss settlements on workers  compensation claims. Related uncertainties regarding future trends include the cost of medical technologies and procedures and changes in the utilization of medical procedures. Assumptions related to our
insurance subsidiaries  external environment include the absence of significant changes in tort law and the legal environment that increase liability exposure, consistency in judicial interpretations of insurance coverage and policy provisions
and the rate of loss cost inflation. Internal assumptions include consistency in the recording of premium and loss statistics, consistency in the recording of claims, payment and case reserving methodology, accurate measurement of the impact of rate
changes and changes in policy provisions, consistency in the quality and characteristics of business written within a given line of business and consistency in reinsurance coverage and collectability of reinsured losses, among other items. To the
extent our insurance subsidiaries determine that underlying factors impacting their assumptions have changed, our insurance subsidiaries make adjustments in their reserves that they consider appropriate for such changes. Accordingly, our insurance
subsidiaries  ultimate liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses will likely differ  
      20  

Table of Contents  

from the amount recorded at September 30, 2016. For every 1% change in our insurance subsidiaries  estimate for loss and loss expense reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, the
effect on our pre-tax results of operations would be approximately $3.4 million.    The establishment of appropriate liabilities is an
inherently uncertain process and we can provide no assurance that our insurance subsidiaries  ultimate liability will not exceed our insurance subsidiaries  loss and loss expense reserves and have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we cannot predict the timing, frequency and extent of adjustments to our insurance subsidiaries  estimated future liabilities, because the historical conditions and events that serve as a basis
for our insurance subsidiaries  estimates of ultimate claim costs may change. As is the case for substantially all property and casualty insurance companies, our insurance subsidiaries have found it necessary in the past to increase their
estimated future liabilities for losses and loss expenses in certain periods and, in other periods, their estimates of future liabilities have exceeded their actual liabilities. Changes in our insurance subsidiaries  estimates of their
liability for losses and loss expenses generally reflect actual payments and their evaluation of information received since the prior reporting date.  
 Excluding the impact of severe weather events, our insurance subsidiaries have noted stable amounts in the number of claims incurred and a
slight downward trend in the number of claims outstanding at period ends relative to their premium base in recent years across most of their lines of business. However, the amount of the average claim outstanding has increased gradually over the
past several years as the United States property and casualty insurance industry has experienced increased litigation trends and economic conditions that have extended the estimated length of disabilities and contributed to increased medical loss
costs. We have also experienced a general slowing of settlement rates in litigated claims. Our insurance subsidiaries could have to make further adjustments to their estimates in the future. However, on the basis of our insurance subsidiaries 
internal procedures, which analyze, among other things, their prior assumptions, their experience with similar cases and historical trends such as reserving patterns, loss payments, pending levels of unpaid claims and product mix, as well as court
decisions, economic conditions and public attitudes, we believe that our insurance subsidiaries have made adequate provision for their liability for losses and loss expenses.  
 Atlantic States  participation in the pool with Donegal Mutual exposes Atlantic States to adverse loss development on the business of
Donegal Mutual that the pool includes. However, pooled business represents the predominant percentage of the net underwriting activity of both companies, and Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States share proportionately any adverse risk development of
the pooled business. The business in the pool is homogeneous and each company has a pro-rata share of the entire pool. Since substantially all of the business of Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual is pooled and the results shared by each company
according to its participation level under the terms of the pooling agreement, the intent of the underwriting pool is to produce a more uniform and stable underwriting result from year to year for each company than either would experience
individually and to spread the risk of loss between the companies.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries operate together as the Donegal Insurance Group and
share a combined business plan designed to achieve market penetration and underwriting profitability objectives. The products our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual offer are generally complementary, thereby allowing Donegal Insurance Group
to offer a broader range of products to a given market and to expand Donegal Insurance Group s ability to service an entire personal lines or commercial lines account. Distinctions within the products of Donegal Mutual and our insurance
subsidiaries generally relate to specific risk profiles targeted within similar classes of business, such as preferred tier products compared to standard tier products, but we do not allocate all of the standard risk gradients to one company.
Therefore, the underwriting profitability of the business the individual companies write directly will vary. However, because the pool homogenizes the risk characteristics of all business Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States write directly and each
company shares the results according to each company s participation percentage, each company realizes its percentage share of the underwriting results of the pool. Our insurance subsidiaries  unpaid liability for losses and loss expenses
by major line of business at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:      
   We have evaluated the effect on our insurance subsidiaries  unpaid loss and loss expense reserves and our
stockholders  equity in the event of reasonably likely changes in the variables we consider in establishing the loss and loss expense reserves of our insurance subsidiaries. We established the range of reasonably likely changes based on a
review of changes in accident-year development by line of business and applied those changes to our insurance subsidiaries  loss reserves as a whole. The selected range does not necessarily indicate what could be the potential best or worst
case or the most likely scenario. The following table sets forth the estimated effect on our insurance subsidiaries  unpaid loss and loss expense reserves and our stockholders  equity in the event of reasonably likely changes in the
variables we considered in establishing the loss and loss expense reserves of our insurance subsidiaries:      

(1) 
 Net of income tax effect.    
      22  

Table of Contents  

  Statutory Combined Ratios  
 We evaluate our insurance operations by monitoring certain key measures of growth and profitability. In addition to using GAAP-based
performance measurements, we also utilize certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are valuable in managing our business and for comparison to our peers. These non-GAAP measures are underwriting income, combined ratio and net premiums
written. An insurance company s statutory combined ratio is a standard measure of underwriting profitability. This ratio is the sum of the ratio of calendar-year incurred losses and loss expenses to premiums earned; the ratio of expenses
incurred for commissions, premium taxes and underwriting expenses to net premiums written and the ratio of dividends to policyholders to premiums earned. The combined ratio does not reflect investment income, federal income taxes or other
non-operating income or expense. A combined ratio of less than 100 percent generally indicates underwriting profitability. The statutory combined ratio differs from the GAAP combined ratio. In calculating the GAAP combined ratio, we do not deduct
installment payment fees from incurred expenses, and we base the expense ratio on premiums earned instead of premiums written. Differences between our GAAP loss ratios reported in our financial statements and our insurance subsidiaries 
statutory loss ratios result from anticipating salvage and subrogation recoveries for the GAAP loss ratios but not for the statutory loss ratios. The following table sets forth our insurance subsidiaries  statutory combined ratios by major line
of business for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Investments    We
make estimates concerning the valuation of our investments and the recognition of other-than-temporary declines in the value of our investments. For equity securities, we write down an individual investment to its fair value and we reflect the
amount of the write-down as a realized loss in our results of operations when we consider the decline in value of the individual investment to be other than temporary. We individually monitor all investments for other-than-temporary declines in
value. Generally, we assume there has been an other-than-temporary decline in value if an individual equity security has depreciated in value by more than 20% of our original cost and has been in such an unrealized loss position for more than six
months. We held seven equity securities that were in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016. Based upon our analysis of general market conditions and underlying factors impacting these equity securities, we considered these declines
in value to be temporary. With respect to a debt security that is in an unrealized loss position, we first assess if we intend to sell the debt security. If we determine we intend to sell the debt security, we recognize the impairment loss in our
results of operations. If we do not intend to sell the debt security, we determine whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security prior to recovery. If we determine it is more likely than not that we will be
required to sell the debt security prior to recovery, we recognize an impairment loss in our results of operations. If we determine it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell the debt security prior to recovery, we then evaluate
whether a credit loss has occurred. We determine whether a credit loss has occurred by comparing the amortized cost of the debt security to the present value of the cash flows we expect to collect on the debt security. If we expect a cash flow
shortfall, we consider that a credit loss has occurred. If we determine that a credit loss has occurred, we consider the impairment to be other than temporary. We then recognize the amount of the impairment loss related to the credit loss in our
results of operations, and we recognize the remaining portion of the impairment loss in our other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. In addition, we may write down securities in an unrealized loss position based on a number of other
factors, including when the fair value of an investment is significantly below its cost, when the financial condition of the issuer of a security has deteriorated, the occurrence of industry, company or geographic events that have negatively
impacted the value of a security or rating agency  
      23  

Table of Contents  

downgrades. We held 55 debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016. Based upon our analysis of general market conditions and underlying factors impacting
these debt securities, we considered these declines in value to be temporary. We did not recognize any impairment losses in our results of operations for the first nine months of 2016 or 2015.  
 We present our investments in available-for-sale fixed maturity and equity securities at estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of a
security may differ from the amount we could realize if we sold the security in a forced transaction. In addition, the valuation of fixed maturity investments is more subjective when markets are less liquid, increasing the potential that the
estimated fair value does not reflect the price at which an actual transaction would occur. We utilize nationally recognized independent pricing services to estimate fair values or obtain market quotations for substantially all of our fixed maturity
and equity investments. The pricing services utilize market quotations for fixed maturity and equity securities that have quoted prices in active markets. For fixed maturity securities that generally do not trade on a daily basis, the pricing
services prepare estimates of fair value measurements based predominantly on observable market inputs. The pricing services do not use broker quotes in determining the fair values of our investments. Our investment personnel review the estimates of
fair value the pricing services provide to determine if the estimates we obtain from the pricing services are representative of fair values based upon the general market knowledge of our investment personnel, their research findings related to
unusual fluctuations in value and their comparison of such values to execution prices for similar securities. Our investment personnel monitor the market and are familiar with current trading ranges for similar securities and pricing of specific
investments. Our investment personnel review all pricing estimates that we receive from the pricing services against their expectations with respect to pricing based on fair market curves, security ratings, coupon rates, security type and recent
trading activity. Our investment personnel review documentation with respect to the pricing services  pricing methodology that they obtain periodically to determine if the primary pricing sources, market inputs and pricing frequency for various
security types are reasonable. At September 30, 2016, we received two estimates per security from the pricing services, and we priced substantially all of our Level 1 and Level 2 investments using those prices. In our review of the estimates
the pricing services provided at September 30, 2016, we did not identify any material discrepancies, and we did not make any adjustments to the estimates the pricing services provided.  
 Policy Acquisition Costs    Our insurance
subsidiaries defer their policy acquisition costs, consisting primarily of commissions, premium taxes and certain other underwriting costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition of insurance policies. We amortize these costs over the
period in which our insurance subsidiaries earn the related premiums. The method we follow in computing deferred policy acquisition costs limits the amount of such deferred costs to their estimated realizable value. This method gives effect to the
premiums to be earned, related investment income, losses and loss expenses and certain other costs we expect to incur as our insurance subsidiaries earn the premiums.  
  Results of Operations - Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
  Net Premiums Written.  Our insurance subsidiaries  net premiums written for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were
$171.9 million, an increase of $13.0 million, or 8.2%, from the $158.9 million of net premiums written for the third quarter of 2015. We attribute the increase to the impact of premium rate increases and an increase in the writing of commercial
lines of business. Personal lines net premiums written increased $5.2 million, or 5.6%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. The increase was attributable primarily to premium rate increases our insurance subsidiaries
implemented throughout 2015 and 2016. Commercial lines net premiums written increased $7.8 million, or 12.0%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to premium rate increases and
increased writings of new commercial accounts.       Net Premiums Earned.  Our insurance subsidiaries  net premiums earned
for the third quarter of 2016 were $166.8 million, an increase of $13.7 million, or 9.0%, compared to $153.1 million for the third quarter of 2015, reflecting increases in net premiums written during 2016 and 2015. Our insurance subsidiaries earn
premiums and recognize them as revenue over the terms of their policies, which are one year or less in duration. Therefore, increases or decreases in net premiums earned generally reflect increases or decreases in net premiums written in the
preceding 12-month period compared to the comparable period one year earlier.       Investment Income.  Our net investment income
increased to $5.6 million for the third quarter of 2016, compared to $5.4 million for the third quarter of 2015. We attribute the increase primarily to an increase in average invested assets.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses).  Net realized investment gains for the third
quarter of 2016 were $1.0 million, compared to net realized investment losses of $754,050 for the third quarter of 2015. The net realized investment gains for the third quarter of 2016 resulted primarily from unrealized gains within a limited
partnership that invests in equity securities. The net realized investment losses for the third quarter of 2015 resulted primarily from unrealized losses within the limited partnership. We did not recognize any impairment losses in our investment
portfolio during the third quarters of 2016 or 2015.       Equity in Earnings of DFSC.  Our equity in the earnings of DFSC was
$357,956 for the third quarter of 2016, compared to $408,405 for the third quarter of 2015.       Losses and Loss Expenses.  Our
insurance subsidiaries  loss ratio, which is the ratio of incurred losses and loss expenses to premiums earned, for the third quarter of 2016 was 66.6%, a slight decrease from our insurance subsidiaries  loss ratio of 66.8% for the third
quarter of 2015. On a statutory basis, our insurance subsidiaries  commercial lines loss ratio was 62.5% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 62.3% for the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to an increase in the workers 
compensation loss ratio. The personal lines statutory loss ratio of our insurance subsidiaries increased to 70.4% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 69.9% for the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to an increase in the personal automobile
loss ratio. Our insurance subsidiaries experienced favorable loss reserve development of approximately $1.6 million during the third quarter of 2016 in their reserves for prior accident years, compared to unfavorable loss reserve development of
approximately $1.5 million during the third quarter of 2015. The improvement in loss reserve development patterns occurred primarily within our insurance subsidiaries  commercial multi-peril and personal automobile reserves.    
  Underwriting Expenses.  The expense ratio for an insurance company is the ratio of policy acquisition costs and other underwriting
expenses to premiums earned. The expense ratio of our insurance subsidiaries was 33.5% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 32.1% for the third quarter of 2015. We attribute the 2016 increase primarily to higher underwriting incentive costs in
the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.       Combined Ratio.  The combined ratio represents the sum of
the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio, which is the ratio of policyholder dividends incurred to premiums earned. Our insurance subsidiaries  combined ratios were 100.8% and 99.5% for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively.       Interest Expense.  Our interest expense for the third quarter of 2016 was $473,917, compared to
$188,000 for the third quarter of 2015. We attribute the increase to higher average borrowings during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.    
  Income Taxes.  Income tax expense was $1.6 million for the third quarter of 2016, representing an effective tax rate of 25.1%, compared
to income tax expense of $1.3 million for the third quarter of 2015, representing an effective tax rate of 18.8% . The effective tax rate in both periods represented an estimate based on our projected annual taxable income. The increase in the
effective tax rate reflects our expectation that tax-exempt interest income will represent a lesser proportion of our 2016 taxable income compared to 2015.    
  Net Income and Earnings Per Share.  Our net income for the third quarter of 2016 was $4.8 million, or $.18 per share of Class A
common stock on a diluted basis and $.16 per share of Class B common stock, compared to net income of $5.7 million, or $.21 per share of Class A common stock and $.18 per share of Class B common stock, for the third quarter of 2015. We had
21.2 million and 22.4 million Class A shares outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We had 5.6 million Class B shares outstanding at the end of both periods.    
  Results of Operations - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
  Net Premiums Written.  Our insurance subsidiaries  net premiums written for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were
$520.3 million, an increase of $39.2 million, or 8.1%, from the $481.1 million of net premiums written for the comparable period of 2015. We attribute the increase to the impact of premium rate increases and an increase in the writing of commercial
lines of business. Personal lines net premiums written increased $13.4 million, or 5.0%, for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. The increase was attributable primarily to premium rate increases our insurance
subsidiaries implemented throughout 2015 and 2016. Commercial lines net premiums written increased $25.8 million, or 12.1%, for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to
premium rate increases and increased writings of new commercial accounts.       Net Premiums Earned.  Our insurance
subsidiaries  net premiums earned for the first nine months of 2016 were $487.2 million, an increase of $37.1 million, or 8.3%, compared to $450.1 million for the first nine months of 2015, reflecting increases in net premiums written during
2016 and 2015. Our insurance subsidiaries earn premiums and recognize them as  
      25  

Table of Contents  

revenue over the terms of their policies, which are one year or less in duration. Therefore, increases or decreases in net premiums earned generally reflect increases or decreases in net premiums
written in the preceding 12-month period compared to the comparable period one year earlier.     Investment Income.  Our net investment
income increased to $16.5 million for the first nine months of 2016, compared to $15.5 million for the first nine months of 2015. We attribute the increase primarily to an increase in average invested assets.    
  Net Realized Investment Gains.  Net realized investment gains for the first nine months of 2016 were $2.2 million, compared to $682,932
for the first nine months of 2015. The net realized investment gains for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 resulted primarily from calls and strategic sales of fixed maturities and equity securities within our investment portfolio. We did not
recognize any impairment losses in our investment portfolio during the first nine months of 2016 or 2015.       Equity in Earnings of
DFSC.  Our equity in the earnings of DFSC was $698,658 for the first nine months of 2016, compared to $1.3 million for the first nine months of 2015.    
  Losses and Loss Expenses.  Our insurance subsidiaries  loss ratio, which is the ratio of incurred losses and loss expenses to
premiums earned, for the first nine months of 2016 was 63.6%, a decrease from our insurance subsidiaries  loss ratio of 65.8% for the first nine months of 2015. On a statutory basis, our insurance subsidiaries  commercial lines loss ratio
was 59.4% for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 62.7% for the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to decreases in the commercial multi-peril and workers  compensation loss ratios. The personal lines statutory loss ratio of our
insurance subsidiaries decreased to 67.2% for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 68.1% for the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to a decrease in the homeowners loss ratio. Our insurance subsidiaries experienced unfavorable loss
reserve development of approximately $2.1 million during the first nine months of 2016 in their reserves for prior accident years, compared to approximately $4.8 million during the first nine months of 2015. The improvement in loss reserve
development patterns occurred primarily within our insurance subsidiaries  workers  compensation reserves.    
  Underwriting Expenses.  The expense ratio for an insurance company is the ratio of policy acquisition costs and other underwriting
expenses to premiums earned. The expense ratio of our insurance subsidiaries was 33.2% for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 32.7% for the first nine months of 2015. We attribute the 2016 increase primarily to higher underwriting incentive
costs related to the lower loss ratio in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.       Combined
Ratio.  The combined ratio represents the sum of the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio, which is the ratio of policyholder dividends incurred to premiums earned. Our insurance subsidiaries  combined ratios were 97.3% and
99.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.       Interest Expense.  Our interest expense for
the first nine months of 2016 was $1.3 million, compared to $908,615 for the first nine months of 2015. We attribute the increase to higher average borrowings during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. 
     Income Taxes.  Income tax expense was $9.2 million for the first nine months of 2016, representing an effective tax rate of
26.8%, compared to income tax expense of $5.4 million for the first nine months of 2015, representing an effective tax rate of 22.1% . The effective tax rate in both periods represented an estimate based on our projected annual taxable income. The
increase in the effective tax rate reflects our expectation that tax-exempt interest income will represent a lesser proportion of our 2016 taxable income compared to 2015.    
  Net Income and Earnings Per Share.  Our net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $25.2 million, or $.95 per share of
Class A common stock on a diluted basis and $.88 per share of Class B common stock, compared to net income of $19.0 million, or $.69 per share of Class A common stock on a diluted basis and $.63 per share of Class B common stock, for the
first nine months of 2015. We had 21.2 million and 22.4 million Class A shares outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We had 5.6 million Class B shares outstanding at the end of both periods.    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Liquidity is a measure of an entity s ability to secure enough cash to meet its contractual obligations and operating needs as such
obligations and needs arise. Our major sources of funds from operations are the net cash flows we generate from our insurance subsidiaries  underwriting results, investment income and investment maturities.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  Our operations have historically generated sufficient net positive cash flow to fund our
commitments and add to our investment portfolio, thereby increasing future investment returns and enhancing our liquidity. The impact of the pooling agreement between Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States has historically been cash-flow positive
because of the consistent underwriting profitability of the pool. Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States settle their respective obligations to each other under the pool monthly, thereby resulting in cash flows substantially similar to the cash flows
that would result from each company writing the business directly. We have not experienced any unusual variations in the timing of claim payments associated with the loss reserves of our insurance subsidiaries. We maintain significant liquidity in
our investment portfolio in the form of readily marketable fixed maturities, equity securities and short-term investments. We structure our fixed-maturity investment portfolio following a  laddering  approach, so that projected cash flows
from investment income and principal maturities are evenly distributed from a timing perspective, thereby providing an additional measure of liquidity to meet our obligations should an unexpected variation occur in the future. Our operating
activities provided net cash flows in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 of $46.3 million and $48.5 million, respectively.    At
September 30, 2016, we had $39.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our line of credit with M T and had the ability to borrow an additional $21.0 million at interest rates equal to M T s current prime rate or the then current
LIBOR rate plus 2.25%. The interest rate on these borrowings was 2.78% at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, Atlantic States had $35.0 million in outstanding advances with the FHLB of Pittsburgh. The interest rate on these advances
was .59% at September 30, 2016.    The following table shows our expected payments for significant contractual obligations at
September 30, 2016:      
   We estimate the date of payment for the net liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses of our insurance
subsidiaries based on historical experience and expectations of future payment patterns. We show the liability net of reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses to reflect expected future cash flows related to such liability. Amounts
Atlantic States assumes pursuant to the pooling agreement with Donegal Mutual represent a substantial portion of our insurance subsidiaries  gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses, and amounts Atlantic States cedes pursuant to the
pooling agreement represent a substantial portion of our insurance subsidiaries  reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses. We include cash settlement of Atlantic States  assumed liability from the pool in monthly
settlements of pooled activity, as we net amounts ceded to and assumed from the pool. Although Donegal Mutual and we do not anticipate any changes in the pool participation levels in the foreseeable future, any such change would be prospective in
nature and therefore would not impact the timing of expected payments by Atlantic States for its percentage share of pooled losses occurring in periods prior to the effective date of such change.  
 We discuss in Note 7   Borrowings our estimate of the timing of the amounts for the borrowings under our lines of credit based on their
contractual maturities. The borrowings under our lines of credit carry interest rates that vary as we discuss in Note 7   Borrowings. Based upon the interest rates in effect at September 30, 2016, our annual interest cost associated with
the borrowings under our lines of credit is approximately $1.3 million. For every 1% change in the interest rate associated with the borrowings under our lines of credit, the effect on our annual interest cost would be approximately $740,000.  
 We discuss in Note 7   Borrowings our estimate of the timing of the amounts for the subordinated debentures based on their contractual
maturity. The subordinated debentures carry an interest rate of 5%, and any repayment of principal or payment of interest on the subordinated debentures requires prior approval of the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services. Our
annual interest cost associated with the subordinated debentures is approximately $250,000.    On July 18, 2013, our board of directors
authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we have the authority to purchase up to 500,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock at prices prevailing from time to time in the open market subject to the provisions of
applicable rules of the SEC and in privately negotiated transactions. We did not purchase any shares of our Class A common stock under this program during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We purchased
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

57,658 shares of our Class A common stock under this program during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We have purchased a total of 57,658 shares of our Class A common stock
under this program from its inception through September 30, 2016.    On October 20, 2016, our board of directors declared
quarterly cash dividends of 13.75 cents per share of our Class A common stock and 12.00 cents per share of our Class B common stock, payable on November 15, 2016 to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 1,
2016. We are not subject to any restrictions on our payment of dividends to our stockholders, although there are state law restrictions on the payment of dividends by our insurance subsidiaries to us. Dividends from our insurance subsidiaries are
our principal source of cash for payment of dividends to our stockholders. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulations that restrict the payment of dividends from statutory surplus and may require prior approval of their domiciliary
insurance regulatory authorities. Our insurance subsidiaries are also subject to risk based capital ( RBC ) requirements that limit their ability to pay dividends to us. Our insurance subsidiaries  statutory capital and surplus at
December 31, 2015 exceeded the amount of statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements, including the RBC requirements, by a significant margin. Our insurance subsidiaries paid $9.5 million in dividends to us during
the first nine months of 2016. Amounts remaining available for distribution to us as dividends from our insurance subsidiaries without prior approval of their domiciliary insurance regulatory authorities in 2016 are $18.8 million from Atlantic
States, $1.3 million from Southern, $1.1 million from Le Mars, $4.2 million from Peninsula, $325,412 from Sheboygan and $619,953 from MICO, or a total of approximately $26.3 million.  
 At September 30, 2016, we had no material commitments for capital expenditures.  
  Equity Price Risk     Our portfolio of
marketable equity securities, which we carry on our consolidated balance sheets at estimated fair value, has exposure to the risk of loss resulting from an adverse change in prices. We manage this risk by having our investment staff perform an
analysis of prospective investments and regular reviews of our portfolio of equity securities.     Credit Risk   
 Our portfolio of fixed-maturity securities and, to a lesser extent, our portfolio of short-term investments is subject to credit risk, which we
define as the potential loss in market value resulting from adverse changes in the borrower s ability to repay its debt. We manage this risk by having our investment staff perform an analysis of prospective investments and regular reviews of
our portfolio of fixed-maturity securities. We also limit the percentage and amount of our total investment portfolio that we invest in the securities of any one issuer.  
 Our insurance subsidiaries provide property and casualty insurance coverages through independent insurance agencies. We bill the majority of
this business directly to the insured, although we bill a portion of our commercial business through licensed insurance agents to whom our insurance subsidiaries extend credit in the normal course of business.  
 Because the pooling agreement does not relieve Atlantic States of primary liability as the originating insurer, Atlantic States is subject to
a concentration of credit risk arising from the business it cedes to Donegal Mutual. Our insurance subsidiaries maintain reinsurance agreements with Donegal Mutual and with a number of other major unaffiliated authorized reinsurers.  
  Impact of Inflation     We establish
property and casualty insurance premium rates before we know the amount of unpaid losses and loss expenses or the extent to which inflation may impact such losses and expenses. Consequently, our insurance subsidiaries attempt, in establishing rates,
to anticipate the potential impact of inflation.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    Our market risk generally represents the risk of gain or loss that may result from the potential change in the fair value of the
securities we hold in our investment portfolio as a result of fluctuations in prices and interest rates and, to a lesser extent, our debt obligations. We manage our interest rate risk by maintaining an appropriate relationship between the average
duration of our investment portfolio and the approximate duration of our liabilities, i.e., policy claims of our insurance subsidiaries and our debt obligations.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  There have been no material changes to our quantitative or qualitative market risk exposure from
December 31, 2015 through September 30, 2016.       Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, at September 30,
2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, and our
disclosure controls and procedures were also effective to ensure that information we disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our
Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect materially, our internal control over financial reporting.     Safe Harbor Statement Under the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995     We base all statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not
historic facts on our current expectations. Such statements are forward-looking in nature (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) and necessarily involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements we make may be
identified by our use of words such as  will,   expects,   intends,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   seeks,   estimates  and similar expressions. Our actual results
could vary materially from our forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from the forward-looking statements we have previously made include, but are not limited to, our ability to maintain
profitable operations, the adequacy of the loss and loss expense reserves of our insurance subsidiaries, business and economic conditions in the areas in which we and our insurance subsidiaries operate, interest rates, competition from various
insurance and other financial businesses, terrorism, the availability and cost of reinsurance, adverse and catastrophic weather events, legal and judicial developments, changes in regulatory requirements, our ability to integrate and manage
successfully the companies we may acquire from time to time and the other risks that we describe from time to time in our filings with the SEC. We disclaim any obligation to update such statements or to announce publicly the results of any revisions
that we may make to any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

     Part II. Other Information   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
 None.  
    Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition, and, therefore, the value of our Class A common stock and our Class B common
stock, are subject to a number of risks. For a description of certain risks, we refer to  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K we filed with the SEC on March 18, 2016. There have been no material changes in the risk
factors we disclosed in that Form 10-K Report during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.       Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.     None.  
    Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities.   
 None.  
    Item 4. Removed and Reserved.   
    Item 5. Other Information.   
 None.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits.   

Exhibit No.   
    
    Description    

Exhibit   31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

Exhibit   31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

Exhibit   32.1 
    
 Statement of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code  

Exhibit   32.2 
    
 Statement of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code  

Exhibit 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

Exhibit 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

Exhibit 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
 
      31  

Table of Contents  

      Signatures    
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

DONEGAL GROUP INC.   

November 7, 2016 

By:  
   
   /s/ Kevin G. Burke   

Kevin G. Burke, President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 7, 2016 

By:  
   
   /s/ Jeffrey D. Miller   

Jeffrey D. Miller, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d251125dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION    I, Kevin G.
Burke, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Donegal
Group Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kevin G. Burke   

Kevin G. Burke,   President and Chief
Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d251125dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
 CERTIFICATION    I, Jeffrey D.
Miller, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Donegal
Group Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Miller   

Jeffrey D. Miller, Executive Vice President 
 and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d251125dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
 Statement of President    Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code    Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code, I, Kevin G. Burke, the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Donegal Group Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge:  
 1. The Company s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kevin G. Burke   

Kevin G. Burke,   President and Chief
Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d251125dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
 Statement of Chief Financial Officer  
 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code  
 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code, I, Jeffrey D. Miller, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Donegal
Group Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge:    1. The Company s Form 10-Q Quarterly
Report for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.      

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Miller   

Jeffrey D. Miller, Executive Vice President 
 and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 dgica-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dgica-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dgica-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dgica-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dgica-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dgica-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

