<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_759944_0000759944-16-000150_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29873971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>377783</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1417755</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11667747</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12688210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3073925</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>144</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000759944-16-000150.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104114724
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000759944-16-000150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP INC/RI
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000759944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				050412693
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36636
		FILM NUMBER:		161974203

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CITIZENS PLAZA
		CITY:			PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02903
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4014567000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CITIZENS PLAZA
		CITY:			PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02903

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000759944-16-000150.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 citizens10-qxq32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
   [X]     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the Quarterly Period Ended 
  September 30, 2016 
    
   [ ]     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the Transition Period From 
  (Not Applicable) 
  Commission File Number 001-36636 
  CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    05-0412693 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

One Citizens Plaza, Providence, RI 02903 
  (  Address of principal executive offices, including zip code  ) 
    
  (401) 456-7000 
  (  Registrant s telephone number, including area code  ) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  [     ] Yes [] No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
   [     ] Yes [ ] No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
    
  Large accelerated filer                          [     ]              Accelerated filer                      [ ] 
  Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) [ ]             Smaller reporting company [ ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     [ ] Yes [     ] No 
    
  There were 511,877,853 shares of Registrant s common stock ($0.01 par value) outstanding on November 1, 2016. 

2 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS AND TERMS 
  The following listing provides a comprehensive reference of common acronyms and terms we regularly use in our financial reporting: 
                   AFS 
      
    Available for Sale 
      ALLL 
      
    Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
      AOCI 
      
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      ASU 
      
    Accounting Standards Update 
      ATM 
      
    Automated Teller Machine 
      BHC 
      
    Bank Holding Company 
      bps 
      
    Basis Points 
      C I 
      
    Commercial and Industrial 
      Capital Plan Rule 
      
    Federal Reserve s Regulation Y Capital Plan Rule 
      CBNA 
      
    Citizens Bank, N.A. 
      CBPA 
      
    Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania 
      CCAR 
      
    Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
      CCB 
      
    Capital Conservation Buffer 
      CCO 
      
    Chief Credit Officer 
      CET1 
      
    Common Equity Tier 1 
      CEO 
      
    Chief Executive Officer 
      CFPB 
      
    Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
      Citizens or CFG or the Company 
      
    Citizens Financial Group, Inc. and its Subsidiaries  
      CLTV 
      
    Combined Loan to Value 
      CMO 
      
    Collateralized Mortgage Obligation 
      CRE 
      
    Commercial Real Estate 
      CRO 
      
    Chief Risk Officer  
      DFAST 
      
    Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test 
      Dodd-Frank Act 
      
    The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
      EPS 
      
    Earnings Per Share 
      ERISA 
      
    Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
      Fannie Mae (FNMA) 
      
    Federal National Mortgage Association 
      FASB 
      
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FDIA 
      
    Federal Deposit Insurance Act 
      FDIC 
      
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
      FHLB 
      
    Federal Home Loan Bank 
      FICO 
      
    Fair Isaac Corporation (credit rating) 
      FRB 
      
    Federal Reserve Bank 
      FRBG 
      
    Federal Reserve Board of Governors 
      Freddie Mac (FHLMC) 
      
    Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
      FTP 
      
    Funds Transfer Pricing 
      GAAP 
      
    Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America 
      GDP 
      
    Gross Domestic Product 
      Ginnie Mae (GNMA) 
      
    Government National Mortgage Association 
      HELOC 
      
    Home Equity Line of Credit 
      HTM 
      
    Held To Maturity 
      LCR 
      
    Liquidity Coverage Ratio 

3 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

LGD 
      
    Loss Given Default 
      LIBOR 
      
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      LIHTC 
      
    Low Income Housing Tax Credit 
      LTV 
      
    Loan to Value 
      MBS 
      
    Mortgage-Backed Securities 
      MSR 
      
    Mortgage Servicing Right 
      NSFR 
      
    Net Stable Funding Ratio 
      OCC 
      
    Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
      OCI 
      
    Other Comprehensive Income 
      PD 
      
    Probability of Default 
      peers or peer banks or peer regional banks 
      
    BB T, Comerica, Fifth Third, KeyCorp, M T, PNC, Regions, SunTrust and U.S. Bancorp 
      RBS 
      
    The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc or any of its subsidiaries 
      RPA 
      
    Risk Participation Agreement 
      SBO 
      
    Serviced by Others loan portfolio 
      SEC 
      
    United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SVaR 
      
    Stressed Value at Risk 
      TDR 
      
    Troubled Debt Restructuring 
      VaR 
      
    Value at Risk 

4 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

5 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 

(a) Includes only collateral pledged by the Company where counterparties have the right to sell or pledge the collateral.  
    
  The accompanying Notes to unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   6 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying Notes to unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   7 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
   (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying Notes to unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   8 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying Notes to unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   9 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying Notes to unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

10 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
   
  NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Notes thereto of Citizens Financial Group, Inc., have been prepared in accordance with GAAP interim reporting requirements, and therefore do not include all information and Notes included in the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP. These unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company s principal business activity is banking, conducted through its subsidiaries, Citizens Bank, N.A. and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.  
  The unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on net income, total comprehensive income, total assets or total stockholders  equity as previously reported. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The ASU provides guidance on classifying specific cash flows in the Statement of Cash Flows, including cash flows resulting from debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, the settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments (and other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing), payments on a transferor s beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, and other specified sources. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. Adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  Under current GAAP, the Company reflects credit losses on financial assets measured on an amortized cost basis only when the losses are probable or have been incurred. The ASU replaces this approach with a forward-looking methodology that reflects the expected credit losses over the lives of financial assets, starting when the assets are first acquired. Under the revised methodology, credit losses will be measured based on past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of financial assets. The ASU also revises the approach to recognizing credit losses on securities available for sale by allowing entities to record reversals of credit losses in current-period earnings. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2020. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The ASU supplements the new revenue recognition standard issued in 2014 by addressing certain issues in the guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  The ASU supplements the new revenue recognition standard issued in 2014 by clarifying the guidance related to licensing and the identification of performance obligations. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The ASU modifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2017. Adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net).  The ASU supplements the new revenue recognition standard issued in 2014 by clarifying the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05  Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.  The ASU clarifies that a change in a counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument, in and of itself, does not result in a hedge de-designation under ASC 815. The ASU is effective for the  
  
   11 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Company beginning on January 1, 2017. Adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842).  The ASU generally requires lessees to recognize a right-of use asset and corresponding lease liability for all leases with a lease term of greater than one year. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The ASU requires equity investments (except for those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income. The ASU also requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements. In addition, the ASU makes several other targeted amendments to the existing accounting and disclosure requirements for financial instruments, including revised guidance related to valuation allowance assessments when recognizing deferred tax assets on unrealized losses on debt securities available for sale. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  NOTE 2 - SECURITIES 
  The following table presents the major components of securities at amortized cost and fair value: 

12 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The Company has reviewed its securities portfolio for other-than-temporary impairments. The following table presents the net securities impairment losses recognized in earnings: 

The following tables present securities whose fair values are below carrying values, segregated by those that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and those that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer: 

For each debt security identified with an unrealized loss, the Company reviews the expected cash flows to determine if the impairment in value is temporary or other-than-temporary. If the Company determines that the present value of the debt security s expected cash flows is less than its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment is deemed to have occurred. The amount of impairment loss recognized in current period earnings is dependent on the Company s intent to sell (or not sell) the debt security.  
  
   13 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

If the Company intends to sell the impaired debt security, the impairment loss recognized in current period earnings equals the difference between the debt security s fair value and its amortized cost. If the Company does not intend to sell the impaired debt security, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the impaired security, the credit-related impairment loss is recognized in current period earnings and equals the difference between the amortized cost of the debt security and the present value of the expected future cash flows. 
  In addition to these cash flow projections, several other characteristics of each debt security are reviewed when determining whether a credit loss exists and the period over which the debt security is expected to recover. These characteristics include: (1) the type of investment, (2) various market factors affecting the fair value of the security (e.g., interest rates, spread levels, liquidity in the sector, etc.), (3) the length and severity of impairment, and (4) the public credit rating of the instrument.  
  The Company estimates the portion of loss attributable to credit using a collateral loss model and an integrated cash flow engine. The model calculates prepayment, default, and loss severity assumptions using collateral performance data. These assumptions are used to produce cash flows that generate loss projections. These loss projections are reviewed on a quarterly basis by a cross-functional governance committee to determine whether security impairments are other-than-temporary. 
  The following table presents the cumulative credit-related losses recognized in earnings on debt securities held by the Company: 

Cumulative credit losses recognized in earnings for impaired AFS debt securities held as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $75 million   and   $63 million  , respectively. There were   no   credit losses recognized in earnings for the Company s HTM portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
  For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized credit related other-than-temporary-impairment losses in earnings of   $3 million   and   $2 million   respectively, related to non-agency MBS in the AFS portfolio.  
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized credit related other-than-temporary impairment losses in earnings of   $11 million   and   $5 million  , respectively. Other-than-temporary impairment losses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   reflect a   $5 million     increase   from September 30, 2015 related to a one-time adjustment tied to a new model implementation. This adjustment was the result of the Company migrating in June 2016 from a proprietary internal process to a vendor-based model to estimate other-than-temporary impairment. There were   no   credit impaired debt securities sold during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Reductions in credit losses due to increases in cash flow expectations were   $1 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   $2 million   and   $4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and were presented in interest income from investment securities on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company does not currently have the intent to sell these debt securities, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these debt securities prior to the recovery of their amortized cost bases.  
  The Company has determined that credit losses are not expected to be incurred on the remaining agency and non-agency MBS identified with unrealized losses as of the current reporting date. The unrealized losses on these debt securities reflect the reduced liquidity in the MBS market and increased risk spreads due to the uncertainty of the U.S. macroeconomic environment. Therefore, the Company has determined that these debt securities are not other-than-temporarily impaired because the Company does not currently have the intent to sell these debt securities, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these debt securities prior to the recovery of their amortized cost bases. Any subsequent increases in the valuation of impaired debt securities do not impact their recorded cost bases. Additionally,   $29 million   and   $41 million   of pre-tax non-credit related losses were deferred in OCI for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

14 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities by contractual maturity are presented below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without incurring penalties. 

Taxable interest income from investment securities as presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was   $146 million   and   $154 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was   $432 million   and   $468 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  Realized gains and losses on securities are presented below: 

15 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

In advance of the Volcker Rule effective date, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold a   $73 million   mortgage-backed security that was classified as HTM that would have been prohibited under the Volcker Rule beginning in July 2017. Upon completion of the sale, the Company recognized a   $2 million   gain. 
    
  The amortized cost and fair value of securities pledged are presented below: 

The Company regularly enters into security repurchase agreements with unrelated counterparties. Repurchase agreements are financial transactions that involve the transfer of a security from one party to another and a subsequent transfer of the same (or  substantially the same ) security back to the original party. The Company s repurchase agreements are typically short-term transactions, but they may be extended to longer terms to maturity. Such transactions are accounted for as secured borrowed funds on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. When permitted by GAAP, the Company offsets short-term receivables associated with its reverse repurchase agreements against short-term payables associated with its repurchase agreements. 
  The impact of this offsetting on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is presented in the following table:  
                                                       
    September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 
      (in millions) 
    Gross Assets (Liabilities) 
    Gross Assets (Liabilities) Offset 
    Net Amounts of Assets (Liabilities) 
      
    Gross Assets (Liabilities) 
    Gross Assets (Liabilities) Offset 
    Net Amounts of Assets (Liabilities) 
      Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
      
    $  

$  

$  

$500 

($500 
    ) 
      
    $  
      
      Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

(500 
    ) 
    500 

Note: The Company also offsets certain derivative assets and derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For further information see Note 11  Derivatives.  
    
  There were   $16 million   and   $21 million   in securitizations of mortgage loans retained in the investment portfolio for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   none   in 2015. These securitizations included a substantive guarantee by a third party. In 2016, the guarantors were Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae. These securitizations were accounted for as a sale of the transferred loans and as a purchase of securities. The securities received from the guarantors are classified as AFS. 
  
   16 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 3 - LOANS AND LEASES 
  The Company s loans and leases are disclosed in portfolio segments and classes. The Company s loan and lease portfolio segments are commercial and retail. The classes of loans and leases are: commercial, commercial real estate, leases, residential mortgages, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, home equity loans serviced by others, home equity lines of credit serviced by others, automobile, student, credit cards and other retail. The Company s SBO portfolio consists of purchased home equity loans and lines that were originally serviced by others, which the Company now services a portion of internally. A summary of the loans and leases portfolio follows: 

(1)    Excluded from the table above are loans held for sale totaling   $526 million   and   $365 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   (2)    Mortgage loans serviced for others by the Company s subsidiaries are not included above and amounted to   $17.4 billion   and   $17.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company purchased   $222 million   of residential mortgages,   $200 million   of automobile loans and   $126 million   of student loans. During the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company purchased   $252 million   of residential mortgages,   $326 million   of automobile loans and   $152 million   of student loans.  
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company purchased   $405 million   of residential mortgages,   $534 million   of automobile loans and   $843 million   of student loans. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company purchased   $887 million   of residential mortgages,   $1.1 billion   of automobile loans and   $615 million   of student loans.  
  During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company sold   $310 million   of TDRs, including   $255 million   of residential mortgages and   $55 million   of home equity loans, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of   $72 million   reported in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  Additionally, during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company sold   $163 million   of residential mortgage loans and   $14 million   of commercial loans. During the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company sold   $41 million   of credit card balances associated with a terminated agent servicing agreement and   $100 million   of commercial loans.  
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company also sold   $444 million   of residential mortgage loans and   $132 million   of commercial loans. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company sold   $273 million   of residential mortgage loans,   $41 million   of credit card balances and   $325 million   of commercial loans. 
  Loans held for sale at fair value totaled   $526 million   and   $325 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and consisted of residential mortgages originated for sale of   $456 million   and loans in commercial trading portfolio of   $70 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   December 31, 2015  , residential mortgages originated for sale were   $268 million   and loans in commercial trading portfolio totaled   $57 million  . Following the TDR sale described above, there were   no   other loans held for sale, at lower of cost or market value, as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   December 31, 2015  , there were   $40 million   of other loans held for sale, which consisted of commercial loan syndications. 
  Loans pledged as collateral for FHLB borrowed funds totaled   $23.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . This collateral consists primarily of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Loans pledged as collateral to support  
  
   17 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

the contingent ability to borrow at the FRB discount window, if necessary, totaled   $16.9 billion   and   $15.9 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   
  NOTE 4 - ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES, NONPERFORMING ASSETS, AND CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK 
  The allowance for credit losses consists of the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments. It is increased through a provision for credit losses that is charged to earnings, based on the Company s quarterly evaluation of the loan portfolio, and is reduced by net charge-offs and the ALLL associated with sold loans. See Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , for a detailed discussion of ALLL reserve methodologies and estimation techniques. 
  On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews and refines its estimate of the allowance for credit losses, taking into consideration changes in portfolio size and composition, historical loss experience, internal risk ratings, current economic conditions, industry performance trends and other pertinent information.  
  There were no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques compared with prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period s ALLL and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. However, as part of the annual review of loss emergence periods, the incurred loss periods for retail property secured loans were extended. 
  A summary of changes in the allowance for credit losses is presented below: 

18 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The recorded investment in loans and leases based on the Company s evaluation methodology is presented below: 

A summary of the allowance for credit losses by evaluation method is presented below: 

For commercial loans and leases, the Company utilizes regulatory classification ratings to monitor credit quality. Loans with a  pass  rating are those that the Company believes will be fully repaid in accordance with the contractual loan terms. Commercial loans and leases that are  criticized  are those that have some weakness or potential weakness that indicates an increased probability of future loss.  Criticized  loans are grouped into three categories,  special mention,   substandard  and  doubtful.  Special mention loans have potential weaknesses that, if left uncorrected, may result in deterioration of the Company s credit position at some future date.  Substandard loans are inadequately protected loans; these loans have well-defined weaknesses that could hinder normal repayment or collection of the debt. Doubtful loans have the same weaknesses as substandard, with the added characteristics that the possibility of loss is high and collection of the full amount of the loan is improbable. For retail loans, the Company primarily uses the loan s payment and delinquency status to monitor credit quality. The further a loan is past due, the greater the likelihood of future credit loss. These credit quality indicators for both commercial and retail loans are continually updated and monitored.  
  The recorded investment in commercial loans and leases based on regulatory classification ratings is presented below: 

19 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The recorded investment in classes of retail loans, categorized by delinquency status is presented below: 

20 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Nonperforming Assets 
  The following table presents nonperforming loans and leases and loans accruing and 90 days or more past due: 

(1)    Effective March 31, 2016, the Company began excluding loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing from nonperforming loans and leases. Nonperforming loans and leases as of   December 31, 2015   included loans and leases on nonaccrual of   $1.051 billion   and loans and leases accruing and 90 days or more past due of   $9 million  . 
   (2)    Effective March 31, 2016, the Company began excluding first lien residential mortgage loans that are 100% guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration from nonperforming balances. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $16 million   of these loans were accruing and 90 days or more past due. 
   (3)    Effective March 31, 2016, the Company began excluding guaranteed residential mortgage loans sold to GNMA for which the Company had the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase from nonperforming balances. As of   September 30, 2016   these loans totaled   $32 million  . These loans are consolidated on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
    
  Other nonperforming assets consist primarily of other real estate owned and are presented in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A summary of other nonperforming assets is presented below: 

A summary of key performance indicators is presented below: 

(1)    December 31, 2015 ratios included loans accruing and 90 days or more past due of   $1 million   and   $8 million   for commercial and retail, respectively. 
  
   21 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The recorded investment in mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process was   $198 million   and   $257 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
  An analysis of the age of both accruing and nonaccruing loan and lease past due amounts is presented below: 

Impaired loans include nonaccruing larger balance commercial loans (greater than   $3 million   carrying value) and  commercial and retail TDRs (excluding loans held for sale). A summary of impaired loans by class is presented below: 

22 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Additional information on impaired loans is presented below: 

23 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  A loan modification is identified as a TDR when the Company or a bankruptcy court grants the borrower a concession the Company would not otherwise make in response to the borrower s financial difficulties. TDRs typically result from the Company s loss mitigation efforts and are undertaken in order to improve the likelihood of recovery and continuity of the relationship. The Company s loan modifications are handled on a case-by-case basis and are negotiated to achieve mutually agreeable terms that maximize loan collectability and meet the borrower s financial needs. Concessions granted in TDRs for all classes of loans may include lowering the interest rate, forgiving a portion of principal, extending the loan term, lowering scheduled payments for a specified period of time, principal forgiveness, or capitalizing past due amounts. A rate increase can be a concession if the increased rate is lower than a market rate for debt with risk similar to that of the restructured loan. TDRs for commercial loans and leases may also involve creating a multiple note structure, accepting non-cash assets, accepting an equity interest, or receiving a performance-based fee. In some cases, a TDR may involve multiple concessions. The financial effects of TDRs for all loan classes may include lower income (either due to a lower interest rate or a delay in the timing of cash flows), larger loan loss provisions, and accelerated charge-offs if the modification renders the loan collateral-dependent. In some cases, interest income throughout the term of the loan may increase if, for example, the loan is extended or the interest rate is increased as a result of the restructuring. 
  Because TDRs are impaired loans, the Company measures impairment by comparing the present value of expected future cash flows, or when appropriate, the fair value of collateral less costs to sell, to the loan s recorded investment. Any excess of recorded investment over the present value of expected future cash flows or collateral value is in the ALLL. Any portion of the loan s recorded investment the Company does not expect to collect as a result of the modification is charged off at the time of modification. For Retail TDR accounts where the expected value of cash flows is utilized, any recorded investment in excess of the present value of expected cash flows is recognized by creating or increasing the ALLL. For Retail TDR accounts assessed based on the fair value of collateral, any portion of the loan s recorded investment in excess of the collateral value is charged off at the time of modification or at the time of subsequent and regularly recurring valuations. 
  Commercial TDRs were   $135 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $155 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Retail TDRs totaled   $812 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $1.2 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , down primarily due to the previously mentioned TDR sale. Commitments to lend additional funds to debtors owing receivables which were TDRs were   $49 million   and   $15 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   24 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The table below summarizes how loans were modified during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the charge-offs related to the modifications, and the impact on the ALLL. The reported balances can include loans that became TDRs during   2016   and were paid off in full, charged off, or sold prior to   September 30, 2016  . 

(1)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is an interest rate reduction. 
   (2)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is a maturity extension (unless one of the other concessions was an interest rate reduction). 
   (3)    Includes modifications other than interest rate reductions or maturity extensions, such as lowering scheduled payments for a specified period of time, principal forgiveness, capitalizing arrearages, and principal forgiveness. Also included are the following: deferrals, trial modifications, certain bankruptcies, loans in forbearance and prepayment plans. Modifications can include the deferral of accrued interest resulting in post modification balances being higher than pre-modification. 
  
   25 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The table below summarizes how loans were modified during the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  , the charge-offs related to the modifications, and the impact on the ALLL. The reported balances can include loans that became TDRs during   2015   and were paid off in full, charged off, or sold prior to   September 30, 2015  . 

(1)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is an interest rate reduction. 
   (2)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is a maturity extension (unless one of the other concessions was an interest rate reduction). 
   (3)    Includes modifications other than interest rate reductions or maturity extensions, such as lowering scheduled payments for a specified period of time, principal forgiveness, capitalizing arrearages, and principal forgiveness. Also included are the following: deferrals, trial modifications, certain bankruptcies, loans in forbearance and prepayment plans. Modifications can include the deferral of accrued interest resulting in post modification balances being higher than pre-modification. 

26 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The table below summarizes how loans were modified during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the charge-offs related to the modifications, and the impact on the ALLL. The reported balances can include loans that became TDRs during   2016   and were paid off in full, charged off, or sold prior to   September 30, 2016  . 

(1)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is an interest rate reduction. 
   (2)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is a maturity extension (unless one of the other concessions was an interest rate reduction). 
   (3)    Includes modifications other than interest rate reductions or maturity extensions, such as lowering scheduled payments for a specified period of time, principal forgiveness, capitalizing arrearages, and principal forgiveness. Also included are the following: deferrals, trial modifications, certain bankruptcies, loans in forbearance and prepayment plans. Modifications can include the deferral of accrued interest resulting in post modification balances being higher than pre-modification. 
  
   27 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The table below summarizes how loans were modified during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the charge-offs related to the modifications, and the impact on the ALLL. The reported balances can include loans that became TDRs during   2015   and were paid off in full, charged off, or sold prior to   September 30, 2015  . 

(1)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is an interest rate reduction. 
   (2)    Includes modifications that consist of multiple concessions, one of which is a maturity extension (unless one of the other concessions was an interest rate reduction). 
   (3)    Includes modifications other than interest rate reductions or maturity extensions, such as lowering scheduled payments for a specified period of time, principal forgiveness, capitalizing arrearages, and principal forgiveness. Also included are the following: deferrals, trial modifications, certain bankruptcies, loans in forbearance and prepayment plans. Modifications can include the deferral of accrued interest resulting in post modification balances being higher than pre-modification. 
  
   28 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The table below summarizes TDRs that defaulted during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   within 12 months of their modification date. For purposes of this table, a payment default is defined as being 90 days or more past due under the modified terms. Amounts represent the loan s recorded investment at the time of payment default. Loan data includes loans meeting the criteria that were paid off in full, charged off, or sold prior to   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . If a TDR of any loan type becomes 90 days past due after being modified, the loan is written down to the fair value of collateral less cost to sell. The amount written off is charged to the ALLL. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 
  Most of the Company s business activity is with customers located in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. Generally, loans are collateralized by assets including real estate, inventory, accounts receivable, other personal property and investment securities. As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , the Company had a significant amount of loans collateralized by residential and commercial real estate. There are no significant concentrations within the commercial loan or retail loan portfolios. Exposure to credit losses arising from lending transactions may fluctuate with fair values of collateral supporting loans, which may not perform according to contractual agreements. The Company s policy is to collateralize loans to the extent necessary; however, unsecured loans are also granted on the basis of the financial strength of the applicant and the facts surrounding the transaction. 
  Certain loan products, including residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, and credit cards, have contractual features that may increase credit exposure to the Company in the event of an increase in interest rates or a decline in housing values. These products include loans that exceed   90%   of the value of the underlying collateral (high LTV loans), interest-only and negative amortization residential mortgages, and loans with low introductory rates. Certain loans have more than one of these characteristics. 
  
   29 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents balances of loans with these characteristics: 

NOTE 5 - VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  
    The Company makes equity investments in various entities that are considered VIEs, as defined by GAAP. These investments primarily include ownership interests in limited partnerships that sponsor affordable housing projects and ownership interests in limited liability companies that sponsor renewable energy projects. A summary of these investments is presented below: 

Low Income Housing Tax Credit Partnerships  
  The purpose of the Company s equity investments is to assist in achieving goals of the Community Reinvestment Act and to earn an adequate return of capital. LIHTC partnerships are managed by unrelated general partners that have the power to direct the activities which most significantly affect the performance of the partnerships. The Company is therefore not the primary beneficiary of any LIHTC partnerships. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate these VIEs and accounts for these investments in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The Company applies the proportional amortization method to account for its LIHTC investments. Under the proportional amortization method, the Company applies a practical expedient and amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the tax credits received in the current period as compared to the total tax credits expected to  be received over the life of the investment. The amortization and tax benefits are included as a component of income tax expense. The Company reports its equity share of  LIHTC partnership gains and losses as an adjustment to noninterest income. The Company reports its commitments to make future investments in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The tax credits received are reported as a reduction of income tax expense (or increase to income tax benefit) related to these transactions. 
  
   30 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents the other information related to the Company s affordable housing tax credit investments for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, and 2015.  

The Company recognized   no   LIHTC investment impairment losses during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Renewable Energy Entities 
  The Company s investments in renewable energy entities provide benefits from a return generated by government incentives plus other tax attributes that are associated with tax ownership (e.g., tax depreciation). As a tax equity investor, the Company does not have the power to direct the activities which most significantly affect the performance of these entities and therefore is not the primary beneficiary of any renewable energy entities. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate these VIEs. 
   
  NOTE 6 - MORTGAGE BANKING 
  In its mortgage banking business, the Company sells residential mortgages to government-sponsored entities and other parties, who may issue securities backed by pools of such loans. The Company retains no beneficial interests in these sales, but may retain the servicing rights for the loans sold. The Company is obligated to subsequently repurchase a loan if the purchaser discovers a standard representation or warranty violation such as noncompliance with eligibility requirements, customer fraud, or servicing violations. This primarily occurs during a loan file review. 
   The Company received proceeds from the sale of residential mortgages held for sale of   $753 million   and   $725 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $1.8 billion   and   $1.5 billion   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
   The Company recognized gains on sales of residential mortgages held for sale of   $26 million   and   $11 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $56 million   and   $43 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Pursuant to the standard representations and warranties obligations discussed above, the Company repurchased residential mortgages totaling   $2 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   and   $6 million   and   $9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Mortgage servicing fees, a component of mortgage banking fees, were   $12 million   and   $13 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $38 million   and   $41 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  The Company recorded valuation charge-offs of   $2 million   and   $1 million   for its MSRs for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and valuation charge-offs of   $6 million   and recoveries of   $6 million   for its MSRs for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The fair value of MSRs is estimated using a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, contractual servicing fee income, servicing costs, default rates, ancillary income, and other economic factors, which are determined based on current market conditions. The valuation model uses a static discounted cash flow methodology incorporating current market interest rates. A static model does not attempt to forecast or predict the future direction of interest rates; rather it estimates the amount and timing of future servicing cash flows using current market interest rates. The current mortgage interest rate influences the expected prepayment rate and therefore, the length of the cash flows associated with the servicing asset, while the discount rate determines the present value of those cash flows. Expected mortgage loan prepayment assumptions are obtained using the QRM Multi Component prepayment model. The Company periodically obtains third-party valuations of its MSRs to assess the reasonableness of the fair value calculated by the valuation model. 

31 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

MSRs are presented in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes related to MSRs are presented below: 

The key economic assumptions used to estimate the value of MSRs are presented in the following table: 

The key economic assumptions used in estimating the fair value of MSRs capitalized during the period are presented below: 

32 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The sensitivity analysis below presents the impact to current fair value of an immediate   50   basis points and   100   basis points adverse change in the key economic assumptions and presents the decline in fair value that would occur if the adverse change were realized. These sensitivities are hypothetical, with the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights calculated independently without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (e.g., changes in interest rates, which drive changes in prepayment rates, could result in changes in the discount rates), which may amplify or counteract the sensitivities. The primary risk inherent in the Company s MSRs is an increase in prepayments of the underlying mortgage loans serviced, which is dependent upon market movements of interest rates. 
                             (in millions) 
    September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 
      Prepayment rate: 

Decline in fair value from a 50 basis point decrease in interest rates 
      
    $5 

$5 
      
      Decline in fair value from a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates 
      
    $15 

$11 
      
      Weighted average discount rate: 

Decline in fair value from a 50 basis point increase in weighted average discount rate 
      
    $3 

$3 
      
      Decline in fair value from a 100 basis point increase in weighted average discount rate 
      
    $5 

$6 

NOTE 7 - BORROWED FUNDS  
  A summary of the Company s short-term borrowed funds is presented below:   

Key data related to short-term borrowed funds is presented in the following table:  

Note: Balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. Interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements, but excludes certain hedging costs and broker fees. 
  
   33 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

A summary of the Company s long-term borrowed funds is presented below: 

(1)    These balances are comprised of: principal balances of   $350 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , as well as the impact of   ($3) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . 
   (2)    Prior to January 1, 2016, interest was payable at a fixed rate per annum of   4.153%  . 
   (3)    These balances are comprised of: principal balance of   $42 million   and   $333 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, as well as the impact from interest rate swaps of   zero   and   ($2) million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. In addition, the Company repurchased   $125 million   and   $166 million   of these securities on March 7, 2016 and July 28, 2016, respectively. 
   (4)    These balances are comprised of: principal balance of   zero     and     $334 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively; impact from interest rate swaps of   zero   and   ($3) million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. On July 28, 2016, the Company repurchased   $334 million   of these securities. 
   (5)    These balances are comprised of: principal balances of   $250 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , as well as the impact of   ($1) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . 
   (6)    These balances are comprised of: principal balances of   $750 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , as well as the impact of   ($1) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . 
   (7)    This balance is comprised of: principal balance of   $350 million   at   September 30, 2016  , as well as the impact of   ($2) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . 
   (8)    These securities were offered under CBNA s Global Bank Note Program dated December 1, 2014. 
   (9)    These balances are comprised of: principal balances of   $750 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ; impact from interest rate swaps of   $1 million   and   ($1) million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively; and   ($1) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. 
   (10)    These balances are comprised of: principal balances of   $750 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ; impact from interest rate swaps of   $4 million   and   ($3) million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively; and   ($2) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. 
   (11)    These balances are comprised of: principal balances of   $750 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ; impact from interest rate swaps of   $14 million   and   $2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively; and   ($3) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. 
   (12)    This balance is comprised of: principal balance of   $750 million   at   September 30, 2016  ; impact from interest rate swaps of   $1 million   and   ($2) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. 
   (13)    This balance is comprised of: principal balance of   $1.0 billion   at   September 30, 2016  ; impact from interest rate swaps of   $2 million   and   ($4) million   of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discount at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11  Derivatives  for further information. 
    
  On July 28, 2016, the Company issued   $350 million   of   2.375%   fixed-rate senior notes due 2021, and used the net proceeds and available cash to repurchase   $500 million   of its subordinated debt. Specifically, the Company retired   $334 million   of   4.082%   subordinated notes due 2025 and   $166 million   of   4.023%   subordinated notes due 2024. 
    Advances, lines of credit, and letters of credit from the FHLB are collateralized by pledged mortgages and pledged securities at least sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level established by the FHLB. The utilized borrowing capacity for FHLB advances and letters of credit was   $12.4 billion   and   $11.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company s available FHLB borrowing capacity was   $3.1 billion     and   $4.1 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and  
  
   34 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company can also borrow from the FRB discount window to meet short-term liquidity requirements. Collateral, such as investment securities and loans, was pledged to provide borrowing capacity at the FRB. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company s unused secured borrowing capacity was approximately   $34.3 billion  , which includes unencumbered securities, FHLB borrowing capacity, and FRB discount window capacity.  
  A summary of maturities for the Company s long-term borrowed funds at   September 30, 2016   is presented below: 

NOTE 8 - STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  Preferred Stock 
  The Company had   100,000,000   shares authorized and   250,000   shares outstanding of   $25.00   par value undesignated preferred stock as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Board of Directors or any authorized committee thereof are authorized to provide for the issuance of these shares in one or more series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to applicable law of the State of Delaware, to establish or change from time to time the number of shares of each such series, and to fix the designations, powers, including voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of the shares of each series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof.  
  On April 6, 2015, the Company issued   $250 million  , or   250,000   shares, of   5.500%   fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual Series A Preferred Stock, par value of   $25.00   per share with a liquidation preference   $1,000   per share (the  Series A Preferred Stock ) to the initial purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section (4)(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for resale pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As a result of this issuance, the Company received net proceeds of   $247 million   after underwriting discount. 
  The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividend payments when, and if, declared by the Company s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. Any such dividends will be payable on a semi-annual basis at an annual rate equal to   5.500%  . On April 6, 2020, the Series A Preferred Stock converts to a quarterly floating-rate basis equal to three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR on the related dividend determination date plus   3.960%  .  
  Citizens may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part on any dividend payment date, on or after April 6, 2020 or, in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event at a redemption price equal to   $1,000   per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Citizens may not redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock without obtaining the prior approval of the FRBG if then required under applicable capital guidelines. 
  Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock have priority over the Company's common stock with regard to the payment of dividends and as such, the Company may not pay dividends on or repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of its common stock unless dividends for the latest completed dividend period for the Series A Preferred Stock have been declared and paid (or declared and sufficient funds have been set aside to make payment).  
  Except in certain limited circumstances, the Series A Preferred Stock does not have any voting rights. 
  
   35 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Treasury Stock 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as part of its 2016 CCAR plan, the Company repurchased   $250 million  , or   11,062,192   common shares at an average price of   $22.60  . The repurchased shares are held in treasury stock. During the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company recorded an additional   876,087   shares of treasury stock associated with share-based compensation plan activity for a total cost of   $22 million   at a weighted-average price per share of   $25.50  . 
  On August 3, 2015, the Company used the net proceeds of its public offering of   $250 million   aggregate principal amount   4.350%   Subordinated Notes due 2025 issued on July 31, 2015, to repurchase   9,615,384   shares of its outstanding common stock at a public offering price of   $26.00   per share. The repurchased shares are held in treasury. 
  On April 7, 2015, the Company used the net proceeds of the Series A Preferred Stock offering to repurchase   10,473,397   shares of its common stock at a total cost of approximately   $250 million   and a price per share of   $23.87  , which equaled the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock for all traded volume over the five trading days preceding the repurchase agreement date of April 1, 2015. The repurchased shares are held in treasury.  
   
  NOTE 9 - EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
  The Company maintains a non-contributory pension plan (the  Plan  or  qualified plan ) that was closed to new hires and re-hires effective January 1, 2009, and frozen to all participants effective December 31, 2012. Benefits under the Plan are based on employees  years of service and highest five-year average of eligible compensation. The Plan is funded on a current basis, in compliance with the requirements of ERISA. On September 7, 2016, the Company made a contribution of   $75 million   to the qualified plan. The Company also provides an unfunded, non-qualified supplemental retirement plan (the  non-qualified plan ), which was closed and frozen effective December 12, 2012. 
  The following table presents the components of net periodic (income) cost for the Company s qualified and non-qualified plans: 

NOTE 10 - INCOME TAXES 
  Income Tax Expense 
    Income tax expense was   $130 million   and   $115 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of   30.5%   and   34.1%  , respectively. Income tax expense was   $357 million   and   $313 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of   31.9%   and   33.5%  , respectively. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rate compared favorably to the statutory rate of   35%   primarily as a result of the permanent benefits from tax credits and tax-exempt income.  
  Deferred Tax Liability  
    At   September 30, 2016  , the Company reported a net deferred tax liability of   $994 million  , compared to   $730 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . The increase in the net deferred tax liability is primarily attributable to the tax effect of net unrealized gains on securities and derivatives arising during the period and the tax effect of current year timing adjustments. 
   
  NOTE 11 - DERIVATIVES 
  In the normal course of business, the Company enters into a variety of derivative transactions in order to meet the financing needs of its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company does not use derivatives for speculative purposes. 
  
   36 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The Company s derivative instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Information regarding the valuation methodology and inputs used to estimate the fair value of the Company s derivative instruments is described in Note 14  Fair Value Measurements.  
  The following table presents derivative instruments included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in derivative assets and derivative liabilities: 

(1)    The notional or contractual amount of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts is the amount upon which interest and other payments under the contract are based. Notional amounts are typically not exchanged. Therefore, notional amounts should not be taken as the measure of credit or market risk, as they do not measure the true economic risk of these contracts. 
   (2)    Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle positive and negative positions. 
   (3)    The Company also offsets assets and liabilities associated with repurchase agreements on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 2  Securities  for further information. 
  The Company s derivative transactions are internally divided into three sub-groups: institutional, customer and            residential loan. 
  Institutional derivatives 
  The institutional derivatives portfolio primarily consists of interest rate swap agreements that are used to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the Company s loans and financing liabilities (i.e., borrowed funds, deposits, etc.). The goal of the Company s interest rate hedging activities is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect net interest income. 
  The Company enters into certain interest rate swap agreements to hedge the risk associated with floating rate loans. By entering into pay-floating/receive-fixed interest rate swaps, the Company is able to minimize the variability in the cash flows of these assets due to changes in interest rates. The Company has outstanding interest rate swap agreements designed to hedge a portion of the Company s borrowed funds and deposit liabilities. By entering into a pay-fixed/receive-floating interest rate swap, a portion of these liabilities has been effectively converted to a fixed-rate liability for the term of the interest rate swap agreement.  
  The Company also uses receive-fixed/pay-floating interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate exposure on its medium term borrowings.  
  Customer derivatives 
  The customer derivatives portfolio consists of interest rate swap agreements and option contracts that are transacted to meet the financing needs of the Company s customers. Swap agreements and interest rate option agreements are transacted to   effectively minimize the Company s market risk associated with the customer derivative products. The customer derivatives portfolio also includes foreign exchange contracts that are entered into on behalf of customers for the purpose of hedging exposure related to cash orders and loans and deposits denominated in foreign currencies. The primary risks associated with these transactions arise from exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the ability of the counterparties to meet the terms of the contract. To manage this market risk, the Company simultaneously enters into offsetting foreign exchange contracts. 
  
   37 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Residential loan derivatives 
  The Company enters into residential loan commitments that allow residential mortgage customers to lock in the interest rate on a residential mortgage while the loan undergoes the underwriting process. The Company also uses forward sales contracts to protect the value of residential mortgage loans and loan commitments that are being underwritten for future sale to investors in the secondary market. 
  The Company has certain derivative transactions that are designated as hedging instruments described as follows: 
  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
  The Company s institutional derivatives portfolio qualifies for hedge accounting treatment. This includes interest rate swaps that are designated in highly effective fair value and cash flow hedging relationships. The Company formally documents at inception all hedging relationships, as well as risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various accounting hedges. Additionally, the Company uses dollar offset or regression analysis at the hedge s inception, and monthly thereafter to assess whether the derivatives are expected to be, or have been, highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged item s expected cash flows. The Company discontinues hedge accounting treatment when it is determined that a derivative is not expected to be or has ceased to be effective as a hedge, and then reflects changes in fair value in earnings after termination of the hedge relationship. 
  Fair value hedges 
  The Company entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage the interest rate exposure on its medium term borrowings. The change in the value of fair value hedges, to the extent that the hedging relationship is effective, is recorded through earnings and offset against the changes in the fair value of the hedged item. 
  The following tables present the effect of fair value hedges on net income:  
                                                       
    Amounts Recognized in Other Income for the  
        
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      (in millions) 
    Derivative 
    Hedged Item 
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
      
    Derivative 
    Hedged Item 
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
      Hedges of interest rate risk on borrowings using interest rate swaps 
      
    ($27 
    ) 
      
    $25 

($2 
    ) 

$16 

($16 
    ) 
      
    $  

Amounts Recognized in Other Income for the  
        
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      (in millions) 
    Derivative 
    Hedged Item 
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
      
    Derivative 
    Hedged Item 
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
      Hedges of interest rate risk on borrowings using interest rate swaps 
      
    $57 

($58 
    ) 
      
    ($1 
    ) 

$22 

($22 
    ) 
      
    $  

Cash flow hedges 
  The Company has outstanding interest rate swap agreements designed to hedge a portion of the Company s floating rate assets, and financing liabilities (including its borrowed funds). All of these swaps have been deemed as highly effective cash flow hedges. The effective portion of the hedging gains and losses associated with these hedges are recorded in OCI; the ineffective portion of the hedging gains and losses is recorded in earnings (other income). Hedging gains and losses on derivative contracts reclassified from OCI to current period earnings are included in the line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the hedged item is recorded and in the same period that the hedged item affects earnings. During the next 12 months, approximately   $4 million   of net gain (pre-tax) on derivative instruments included in OCI is expected to be reclassified to net interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  Hedging gains and losses associated with the Company s cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from OCI to current period earnings (other income) if it becomes probable that the hedged forecasted transactions will not occur during the originally specified time period.  

38 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents the effect of cash flow hedges on net income and stockholders' equity: 

(1)    The cumulative effective gains and losses on the Company s cash flow hedging activities are included on the accumulated other comprehensive loss line item on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
   (2)    This includes both (a) the amortization of effective gains and losses associated with the Company s terminated cash flow hedges and (b) the current reporting period s interest settlements realized on the Company s active cash flow hedges. Both (a) and (b) were previously included on the accumulated other comprehensive loss line item on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were subsequently recorded as adjustments to the interest expense of the underlying hedged item. 
   (3)     This includes gains and losses attributable to previously hedged cash flow where the likelihood of occurrence is no longer  probable . 
  Economic hedges 
  The Company s customer derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. These include interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts that are transacted to meet the hedging and financing needs of the Company s customers. Mark-to-market adjustments to the fair value of customer related interest rate contracts are included in other income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Mark-to-market adjustments to the fair value of foreign exchange contracts relating to foreign currency loans are included in interest and fees on loans and leases in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, while all other foreign currency contract fair value changes are included in foreign exchange and letter of credit fees. In both cases, the mark-to-market gains and losses associated with the customer derivatives are mitigated by the mark-to-market gains and losses on the offsetting interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts transacted. 
  The Company s residential loan derivatives (including residential loan commitments and forward sales contracts) are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Mark-to-market adjustments to the fair value of residential loan commitments and forward sale contracts are included in noninterest income under mortgage banking fees. 
  The following table presents the effect of customer derivatives and economic hedges on net income: 

(1)    Reported in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   (2)    Reported in mortgage banking fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   (3)    Reported in foreign exchange and letter of credit fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

39 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 12 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  A summary of outstanding off-balance sheet arrangements is presented below:  

Commitments to Extend Credit 
  Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to customers in accordance with conditions contractually agreed upon in advance. Generally, the commitments have fixed expiration dates or termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. 
  Letters of Credit  
  Standby letters of credit, both financial and performance, are issued by the Company for its customers. They are used as conditional guarantees of payment to a third party in the event the customer either fails to make specific payments (financial) or fails to complete a specific project (performance). Commercial letters of credit are used to facilitate the import of goods. The commercial letter of credit is used as the method of payment to the Company s customers  suppliers. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of counterparty nonperformance in connection with the above instruments is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments, net of the value of collateral held. Standby letters of credit and commercial letters of credit are issued for terms of up to   ten years   and   one year  , respectively.  
  Generally, letters of credit are collateralized by cash, accounts receivable, inventory or investment securities. Credit risk associated with letters of credit is considered in determining the appropriate amounts of reserves for unfunded commitments.  
  The Company recognizes a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets representing its obligation to stand ready to perform over the term of the standby letters of credit in the event that the specified triggering events occur. The liability for these guarantees was   $2 million   and   $3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  Marketing Rights 
    During 2003, the Company entered into a   25  -year agreement to acquire the naming and marketing rights of a baseball stadium in Pennsylvania. The Company paid   $3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   $3 million   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and is obligated to pay   $44 million   over the remainder of the contract. 
  Risk Participation Agreements  
  RPAs are guarantees issued by the Company to other parties for a fee, whereby the Company agrees to participate in the credit risk of a derivative customer of the other party. Under the terms of these agreements, the  participating bank  receives a fee from the  lead bank  in exchange for the guarantee of reimbursement if the customer defaults on an interest rate swap. The interest rate swap is transacted such that any and all exchanges of interest payments (favorable and unfavorable) are made between the lead bank and the customer. In the event that an early termination of the swap occurs and the customer is unable to make a required close out payment, the participating bank assumes that obligation and is required to make this payment.  
  RPAs where the Company acts as the lead bank are referred to as  participations-out,  in reference to the credit risk associated with the customer derivatives being transferred out of the Company. Participations-out generally occur concurrently with the sale of new customer derivatives. RPAs where the Company acts as the participating bank are referred to as  participations-in,  in reference to the credit risk associated with the counterparty s derivatives being assumed by the Company. The Company s maximum credit exposure is based on its proportionate share of the settlement amount of the referenced interest rate swap. Settlement amounts are generally calculated based on the fair value of the swap plus outstanding accrued interest receivables from the customer. The Company s estimate of the credit exposure associated with its risk participations-in as was   $51 million   at   September 30, 2016    
  
   40 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

and   $26 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The current amount of credit exposure is spread out over   90   counterparties. RPAs generally have terms ranging from   1  -  5   years; however, certain outstanding agreements have terms as long as   10 years  .  
  Other Commitments       
  On January 7, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase student loans on a quarterly basis beginning with the first calendar quarter in 2016 and ending with the fourth calendar quarter in 2016. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company committed to purchase a minimum of   $125 million   of loans per quarter. The minimum and maximum amount of the aggregate purchase principal balance of loans under the terms of the agreement are   $500 million   and   $1 billion  , respectively. The agreement will terminate immediately if at any time during its term the aggregate purchase principal balance of loans equals the maximum amount. The agreement may be extended by written agreement of the parties for an additional four quarters. The Company may terminate the agreement at will with payment of a termination fee equal to the product of   $1 million   times the number of calendar quarters remaining in the term. 
  The Company s agreement to purchase automobile loans, originally entered into in May 2014, was most recently amended on February 18, 2016. For quarterly periods on or after August 1, 2015, the minimum and maximum purchases are   $50 million   and   $200 million  , respectively. The agreement automatically renews until terminated by either party. The Company may cancel the agreement at will with payment of a variable termination fee. There is no termination fee after May 2017. 
  The Company s commercial loan trading desk provides ongoing secondary market support and liquidity to its clients. Unsettled loan trades (i.e., loan purchase contracts) represent firm commitments to purchase loans from a third party at an agreed-upon price. Principal amounts associated with unsettled commercial loan trades are off-balance sheet commitments until delivery of the loans has taken place. Fair value adjustments associated with each unsettled loan trade are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and classified within other assets or other liabilities, depending on whether the fair value of the unsettled trade represents an unrealized gain or unrealized loss. The principal balances of unsettled commercial loan trade purchases and sales were   $117 million   and   $129 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016   and $  69 million   and   $75 million   at December 31, 2015, respectively. Settled loans purchased by the trading desk are classified as loans held for sale, at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 14  Fair Value Measurements  for further information. 
  Contingencies 
  The Company operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant risks. A certain amount of litigation ordinarily results from the nature of the Company s banking and other businesses. The Company is a party to legal proceedings, including class actions. The Company is also the subject of investigations, reviews, subpoenas, and regulatory matters arising out of its normal business operations, which, in some instances, relate to concerns about fair lending, unfair and/or deceptive practices, mortgage-related issues, and mis-selling of certain products. In addition, the Company engages in discussions with relevant governmental and regulatory authorities on a regular and ongoing basis regarding various issues, and any issues discussed or identified may result in investigatory or other action being taken. Litigation and regulatory matters may result in settlements, damages, fines, penalties, public or private censure, increased costs, required remediation, restrictions on business activities, or other impacts on the Company. 
  In these disputes and proceedings, the Company contests liability and the amount of damages as appropriate. Given their complex nature, it may be years before some of these matters are finally resolved. Moreover, before liability can be reasonably estimated for a claim, numerous legal and factual issues may need to be examined, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, and by addressing novel or unsettled legal issues relevant to the proceedings in question. 
  The Company cannot predict with certainty if, how, or when such claims will be resolved or what the eventual settlement, fine, penalty or other relief, if any, may be, particularly for claims that are at an early stage in their development or where claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages. The Company recognizes a provision for a claim when, in the opinion of management after seeking legal advice, it is probable that a liability exists and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In many proceedings, however, it is not possible to determine whether any loss is probable or to estimate the amount of any loss. In each of the matters described below, the Company is unable to estimate the liability in excess of any provision accrued, if any, that might arise or its effects on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in any particular period. 
  Set out below is a description of significant legal matters involving the Company and its banking subsidiaries. Based on information currently available, the advice of legal counsel and other advisers, and established reserves, management believes that the aggregate liabilities, if any, potentially arising from these proceedings will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company s unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   41 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Consumer Products Matters 
  The activities of the Company s banking subsidiaries are subject to extensive laws and regulations concerning unfair or deceptive acts or practices in connection with customer products. Certain of the banking subsidiaries  past practices have not met applicable standards, and they have implemented and are continuing to implement changes to improve and bring their practices in accordance with regulatory guidance. The Company and its banking subsidiaries have actively pursued resolution of the legacy regulatory enforcement matters set forth below. 
  As previously reported, CBNA is currently subject to a consent order issued in 2013 by the OCC in connection with its findings of deceptive marketing and implementation of some of our checking account and funds transfer products and services. Among other things, the consent order requires us to remedy deficiencies and develop stronger compliance controls, policies and procedures. The Company and its banking subsidiaries are also currently subject to consent orders issued in August 2015 by the CFPB, the OCC and the FDIC in connection with past deposit reconciliation practices, and CBNA is subject to a consent order issued in November 2015 by the OCC in connection with past billing and sales practices pertaining to identity theft and debt cancellation products, under which the applicable regulators have provided non-objections to, among other things, restitution plans for affected customers.  
  All financial penalties associated with these legacy regulatory enforcement matters have been paid, and substantially all remediation related to such legacy matters is expected to be resolved by the end of 2016. 
   
  NOTE 13 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
  The Company, during the ordinary course of business with underwriting terms similar to those offered to the public, has entered into credit facilities with directors and executive officers and their immediate families, as well as their affiliated companies. Extensions of credit amounted to   $141 million   and   $136 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   
  NOTE 14 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  As discussed in Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies,  to the Company s audited Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company measures or monitors many of its assets and liabilities on a fair value basis. Fair value is used on a recurring basis for assets and liabilities for which fair value is the required or elected measurement basis of accounting. Additionally, fair value is used on a nonrecurring basis to evaluate assets for impairment or for disclosure purposes. Nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve the application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. The Company also applies the fair value measurement guidance to determine amounts reported for certain disclosures in this Note for assets and liabilities not required to be reported at fair value in the financial statements. 
  The Company elected to account for residential mortgage loans held for sale and certain commercial and commercial real estate loans held for sale at fair value. Applying fair value accounting to the residential mortgage loans held for sale better aligns the reported results of the economic changes in the value of these loans and their related hedge instruments. Certain commercial and commercial real estate held for sale loans are managed by a commercial secondary loan desk that provides liquidity to banks, finance companies and institutional investors. Applying fair value accounting to this portfolio is appropriate because the Company holds these loans with the intent to sell within short term periods. 
  Fair Value Option  
    Residential Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
  The fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale is derived from observable mortgage security prices and includes adjustments for loan servicing value, agency guarantee fees, and other loan level attributes which are mostly observable in the marketplace. Credit risk does not significantly impact the valuation since these loans are sold shortly after origination. Therefore, the Company classifies the residential mortgage loans held for sale in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  The election of the fair value option for financial assets and financial liabilities is optional and irrevocable. The loans accounted for under the fair value option are initially measured at fair value (i.e., acquisition cost) when the financial asset is acquired. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in mortgage banking fees on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized changes in fair value in mortgage banking income of   $1 million   and   $4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company recognized changes in fair value in mortgage banking income of   $13 million   and   $2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Interest income on residential mortgage loans held for sale is calculated based on the contractual interest rate of the loan and is recorded in interest income. 
  
   42 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Commercial and Commercial Real Estate Loans Held for Sale 
  The fair value of commercial and commercial real estate loans held for sale is estimated using observable prices of identical or similar loans that transact in the marketplace. In addition, the Company uses external pricing services that provide estimates of fair values based on quotes from various dealers transacting in the market, sector curves or benchmarking techniques. Therefore, the Company classifies the commercial and commercial real estate loans managed by the commercial secondary loan desk in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy given the observable market inputs. 
  There were   no   loans in this portfolio that were 90 days or more past due or nonaccruing as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The loans accounted for under the fair value option are initially measured at fair value when the financial asset is recognized. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in current earnings. Since all loans in the Company s commercial trading portfolio consist of floating rate obligations, all changes in fair value are due to changes in credit risk. Such credit-related fair value changes may include observed changes in overall credit spreads and/or changes to the creditworthiness of an individual borrower. Unsettled trades within the commercial trading portfolio are not recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and represent off-balance sheet commitments. Refer to Note 12  Commitments and Contingencies  for further information. 
  Interest income on commercial and commercial real estate loans held for sale is calculated based on the contractual interest rate of the loan and is recorded in interest income. The Company recognized   $1 million   in other noninterest income related to its commercial trading portfolio for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. The Company recognized   $3 million   in other noninterest income related to its commercial trading portfolio for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
  The following table presents the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans held for sale measured at fair value: 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
  The Company utilizes a variety of valuation techniques to measure its assets and liabilities at fair value. The valuation methodologies used for significant assets and liabilities carried on the balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis are presented below: 
  Securities available for sale  
  The fair value of securities classified as AFS is based upon quoted prices, if available. Where observable quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. Classes of instruments that are valued using this market approach include debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. If quoted market prices are not available, the fair value for the security is estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. These instruments are classified as Level 2 because they currently trade in active markets and the inputs to the valuations are observable. The pricing models used to value securities generally begin with market prices (or rates) for similar instruments and make adjustments based on the unique characteristics of the instrument being valued. These adjustments reflect assumptions made regarding the sensitivity of each security s value to changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds. Classes of instruments that are valued using this market approach include residential and commercial CMOs, specified pool mortgage  pass-through  securities and other debt securities issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and state and political subdivisions.  
  A significant majority of the Company s Level 1 and 2 securities are priced using an external pricing service. The Company verifies the accuracy of the pricing provided by its primary outside pricing service on a quarterly basis. This process involves using a secondary external vendor to provide valuations for the Company s securities portfolio for comparison purposes. Any securities with discrepancies beyond a certain threshold are researched and, if necessary, valued by an independent outside broker.  
  
   43 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation model, securities are classified as Level 3.  
  Residential loans held for sale 
  See the      Fair Value Option, Residential Mortgage Loans Held for Sale  discussion above. 
  Commercial loans held for sale 
  See the  Fair Value Option, Commercial and Commercial Real Estate Loans Held for Sale  discussion above. 
  Derivatives 
  The vast majority of the Company s derivatives portfolio is composed of  plain vanilla  interest rate swaps, which are traded in over-the-counter markets where quoted market prices are not readily available. For these interest rate derivatives, fair value is determined utilizing models that primarily use market observable inputs, such as swap rates and yield curves. The pricing models used to value interest rate swaps calculate the sum of each instrument s fixed and variable cash flows, which are then discounted using an appropriate yield curve (i.e., LIBOR or Overnight Index Swap curve) to arrive at the fair value of each swap. The pricing models do not contain a high level of subjectivity as the methodologies used do not require significant judgment. The Company also considers certain adjustments to the modeled price that market participants would make when pricing each instrument, including a credit valuation adjustment that reflects the credit quality of the swap counterparty. The Company incorporates the effect of exposure to a particular counterparty s credit by netting its derivative contracts with the collateral available and calculating a credit valuation adjustment on the basis of the net position with the counterparty where permitted. The determination of this adjustment requires judgment on behalf of Company management; however, the total amount of this portfolio-level adjustment is not material to the total fair value of the interest rate swaps in their entirety  .   Therefore, interest rate swaps are classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy.  
  The Company s other derivatives include foreign exchange contracts. Fair value of foreign exchange derivatives uses the mid-point of daily quoted currency spot prices. A valuation model estimates fair value based on the quoted spot rates together with interest rate yield curves and forward currency rates. Since all of these inputs are observable in the market, foreign exchange derivatives are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Money Market Mutual Fund 
  Fair value is determined based upon unadjusted quoted market prices and is considered a Level 1 fair value measurement. 
  Other investments 
  The fair values of the Company s other investments are based on security prices in markets that are not active; therefore, these investments are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  
   44 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents assets and liabilities measured at fair value, including gross derivative assets and liabilities on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016  : 

45 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents assets and liabilities measured at fair value including gross derivative assets and liabilities on a recurring basis at   December 31, 2015  :   

The changes in Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis are presented below: 
                                               
    Three Months Ended September 30, 
      
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 
      (in millions) 
    2016 

2015 

2016 

2015 
      
      Beginning of period balance 
      
    $  

$1 

$  

$5 
      
      Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements: 

Purchases 

1 
      
      Sales 

Settlements 

Net (losses) gains 

(1 
    ) 

(1 
    ) 
      Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 

(5 
    ) 
      End of period balance 
      
    $  

$  

$  

$  
      
      Net unrealized gain (loss) included in net income for the year relating to assets held at period end 
      
    $  

$  

$  

$  

In March 2015, the Company transferred   $5 million   of securities from Level 3 to Level 2. The fair values of these securities are based on security prices in the market that are not active.  
  
   46 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
  The following valuation techniques are utilized to measure significant assets for which the Company utilizes fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 
  Impaired Loans 
  The carrying amount of collateral-dependent impaired loans is compared to the appraised value of the collateral less costs to dispose and is classified as Level 2. Any excess of carrying amount over the appraised value is charged to the ALLL. 
  Mortgage Servicing Rights 
  MSRs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. MSRs are classified as Level 3 since the valuation methodology utilizes significant unobservable inputs. The fair value was calculated using a discounted cash flow model. Refer to Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 6  Mortgage Banking  for more information. 
  Foreclosed assets 
  Foreclosed assets consist primarily of residential properties. Foreclosed assets are carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to dispose. Fair value is based upon independent market prices or appraised values of the collateral and is classified as Level 2. 
  The following table presents gains (losses) on assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and recorded in earnings: 

The following table presents assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Following is a description of valuation methodologies used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes (these instruments are not recorded in the financial statements at fair value): 
  Securities held to maturity 
  The fair value of securities classified as HTM is estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flow. The pricing models used to value these securities generally begin with market prices (or rates) for similar instruments and make adjustments based on the unique characteristics of the instrument being valued. These adjustments reflect assumptions made regarding the sensitivity of each security s value to changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds. 
  Other investment securities, at cost 
  The fair value of other investment securities, at cost, such as FHLB stock and FRB stock, is assumed to approximate the cost basis of the securities. As a member of the FHLB and FRB, the Company is required to hold FHLB and FRB stock. The stock can be sold only to the FHLB and FRB upon termination of membership, or redeemed at the FHLB s or FRB s sole discretion. 
  
   47 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Loans and leases 
  For loans and leases not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis that are not accounted for as collateral-dependent impaired loans, fair value is estimated by using one of two methods: a discounted cash flow method or a securitization method. The discounted cash flow method involves discounting the expected future cash flows using current rates which a market participant would likely use to value similar pools of loans. Inputs used in this method include observable information such as contractual cash flows (net of servicing cost) and unobservable information such as estimated prepayment speeds, credit loss exposures, and discount rates. The securitization method involves utilizing market securitization data to value the assets as if a securitization transaction had been executed. Inputs used include observable market-based MBS data and pricing adjustments based on unobservable data reflecting the liquidity risk, credit loss exposure and other characteristics of the underlying loans. The internal risk-weighted balances of loans are grouped by product type for purposes of these estimated valuations. For nonaccruing loans, fair value is estimated by discounting management s estimate of future cash flows with a discount rate commensurate with the risk associated with such assets. Fair value of collateral-dependent loans is primarily based on the appraised value of the collateral.  
  Other loans held for sale 
  Balances represent loans that were transferred to other loans held for sale and are reported at the lower of cost or fair value.  
  Deposits 
  The fair value of demand deposits, checking with interest accounts, regular savings and money market accounts is the amount payable on demand at the balance sheet date. The fair value of term deposits is estimated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
  Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, other short-term borrowed funds, and long-term borrowed funds 
  Rates currently available to the Company for debt of similar terms and remaining maturities are used to discount the expected cash flows of existing debt. 
  The following table presents the fair value for financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements. The carrying amounts are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets under the indicated captions: 

48 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 15 - REGULATORY MATTERS 
  As a BHC, the Company is subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB. The primary subsidiaries of the Company are its   two   insured depository institutions CBNA, a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the OCC, and CBPA, a Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank regulated by the Department of Banking of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and supervised by the FDIC as its primary federal regulator. Under the Basel III capital framework that took effect on January 1, 2015, the Company and its banking subsidiaries must meet specific capital requirements. Basel III requirements are expressed in terms of the following ratios: (1) common equity tier 1 capital (common equity tier 1 capital/risk-weighted on- and off-balance sheet assets); (2) tier 1 capital (tier 1 capital/risk-weighted on- and off-balance sheet assets); (3) total capital (total capital/risk-weighted on- and off-balance sheet assets); and (4) tier 1 leverage (tier 1 capital/adjusted average quarterly assets). To meet the regulatory capital requirements, the Company and its banking subsidiaries must maintain minimum regulatory levels for each ratio. In addition, the Company must not be subject to a written agreement, order or capital directive with any of its regulators. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain actions that, if undertaken, could have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   49 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents the Company s capital and capital ratios under Basel III Transitional rules as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015. Certain Basel III requirements are subject to phase-in through 2019, and these phase-in rules are used in this report of actual regulatory ratios. In addition, the Company has declared itself as an  AOCI opt-out  institution, which means that the Company is not required to change its methodology for recognizing in regulatory capital, only a subset of unrealized gains and losses that are classified as AOCI. As an AOCI opt-out institution, the Company is not required to recognize within regulatory capital the impacts of net unrealized gains and losses on securities AFS, accumulated net gains and losses on cash-flow hedges included in AOCI, net gains and losses on certain defined benefit pension plan assets, and net unrealized gains and losses on securities held to maturity included in AOCI. 

(1)       Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  represents CET1 divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
   (2)       Tier 1 capital ratio  is tier 1 capital, which includes CET1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital,  divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (3)       Total capital ratio  is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
   (4)      Tier 1 leverage ratio  is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
   (5)       Minimum Capital ratio  for 2016 includes capital conservation buffer of   0.625%  . 
  Under the Capital Plan Rule, the Company may only make capital distributions, including payment of dividends, in accordance with a capital plan that has been reviewed by the Federal Reserve and to which the Federal Reserve has not objected.  
  In April 2016, the Company submitted its 2016 Capital Plan to the Federal Reserve under the annual CCAR process. On  June 29, 2016, the FRBG indicated that it did not object to the Company s 2016 Capital Plan or to its proposed capital actions in the period beginning July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017. The Company s 2016 Capital Plan includes proposed quarterly common dividends of   $0.12   per share through the end of 2016, a potential   17%   increase to quarterly common dividends to   $0.14   per share in 2017, and a share repurchase plan of up to   $690 million   through the second quarter of 2017.  
  For more information on share repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2016, see Part II, Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds, included in this report. 
  All proposed distributions are subject to consideration and approval by CFG s Board of Directors prior to execution. The timing and exact amount of dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including CFG s capital position, financial performance and market conditions.  
  In the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company paid total common dividends of approximately   $62 million   and   $179 million  , respectively. The Company also declared a preferred dividend of   $7 million   during the first and the third quarter of 2016, or a total of   $14 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased   11.1 million   shares of common stock, which reduced shareholders  equity by   $250 million  .  
  In accordance with federal and state banking regulations, dividends paid by the Company s banking subsidiaries to the Company itself are generally limited to the retained earnings of the respective banking subsidiaries unless specifically approved by the appropriate bank regulator. 
  On March 13, 2014, the OCC determined that CBNA no longer meets the condition to own a financial subsidiary   namely that CBNA must be both well capitalized and well managed. A financial subsidiary is permitted to engage in a broader range of activities, similar to those of a financial holding company, than those permissible for a national bank itself. CBNA has   two   financial subsidiaries, Citizens Securities, Inc., a registered broker-dealer, and RBS Citizens Insurance Agency, Inc., a dormant  
  
   50 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

entity. CBNA has entered into an agreement with the OCC pursuant to which the Company has developed and submitted to the OCC a remediation plan, that sets forth the specific actions it will take to bring itself back into compliance with the conditions to own a financial subsidiary.  
   
  NOTE 16 - EXIT COSTS AND RESTRUCTURING RESERVES 
  The Company incurred   no   restructuring costs for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  
  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred   no   restructuring costs. For the   nine months ended   September 30, 2015, the Company incurred   $27 million   of restructuring costs, consisting of   $18 million   of facilities costs in occupancy,   $6 million   in outside services, and   $3 million   in salaries and employee benefits, substantially completing the restructuring initiatives designed to enhance operating efficiencies and reduce expense growth. 
  For segment reporting, all of these restructuring costs are reported within Other. See Note 18  Business Segments  for further information. 
  The following tables present the activity in the exit costs and restructuring reserves: 

51 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 17 - RECLASSIFICATIONS OUT OF ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  The following tables present the changes in the balances, net of income taxes, of each component of AOCI: 

52 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents the amounts reclassified out of each component of AOCI and into the Consolidated Statements of Operations: 

The following table presents the effects on net income of the amounts reclassified out of AOCI: 

NOTE 18 - BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
  The Company is managed by its CEO on a segment basis. The Company s   two   business segments are Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking. The business segments are determined based on the products and services provided, or the type of customer served. Each segment has one or more segment heads who report directly to the CEO. The CEO has final authority over resource allocation decisions and performance assessment. The business segments reflect this management structure and the manner in which financial information is currently evaluated by the CEO. Non-segment operations are classified as Other, which includes corporate functions, the Treasury function, the securities portfolio, wholesale funding activities, intangible assets, community development, non-core assets, and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses. 
  
   53 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Reportable Segments 
  Segment results are determined based upon the Company s management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. The process is designed around the Company s organizational and management structure and accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions. A description of each reportable segment and table of financial results is presented below: 
  Consumer Banking 
  The Consumer Banking segment focuses on retail customers and small businesses with annual revenues of up to   $25 million  . It offers traditional banking products and services, including checking, savings, home loans, student loans, credit cards, business loans and financial management services. It also operates an indirect auto financing business, providing financing for both new and used vehicles through auto dealerships. The segment s distribution channels include a branch network, ATMs and a work force of experienced specialists ranging from financial consultants, mortgage loan officers and business banking officers to private bankers. Our Consumer Banking value proposition is based on providing simple, easy to understand product offerings and a convenient banking experience with a more personalized approach. 
  Commercial Banking 
  The Commercial Banking segment primarily targets companies with annual revenues from   $25 million   to   $2.5 billion   and provides a full complement of financial products and solutions, including loans, leases, trade financing, deposits, cash management, commercial cards, foreign exchange, interest rate risk management, corporate finance and capital markets advisory capabilities. It focuses on middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions and has dedicated teams with industry expertise in government banking, not-for-profit, healthcare, technology, professionals, oil   gas, asset finance, franchise finance, asset-based lending, commercial real estate, private equity and sponsor finance. While the segment s business development efforts are predominantly focused in the Company s footprint, some of its specialized industry businesses also operate selectively on a national basis (such as healthcare, asset finance and franchise finance). A key component of Commercial Banking s growth strategy is to bring ideas to clients that help their businesses thrive, and in doing so, expand the loan portfolio and ancillary product sales. 
  Non-segment Operations 
  Other 
  In addition to non-segment operations, Other includes certain reconciling items in order to translate the segment results that are based on management accounting practices into consolidated results. For example, Other includes goodwill and any associated goodwill impairment charges. 

54 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

55 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Management accounting practices utilized by the Company as the basis for presentation of segment results include the following: 
  FTP adjustments 
  The Company utilizes an FTP system to eliminate the effect of interest rate risk from the segments  net interest income because such risk is centrally managed within the Treasury function. The FTP system credits (or charges) the segments with the economic value of the funds created (or used) by the segments. The FTP system provides a funds credit for sources of funds and a funds charge for the use of funds by each segment. The sum of the interest income/expense and FTP charges/credits for each segment is its designated net interest income. The variance between the Company s cumulative FTP charges and cumulative FTP credits is offset in Other. 
  Provision for credit losses allocations 
  Provision for credit losses is allocated to each business segment based on actual net charge-offs recognized by the business segment. The difference between the consolidated provision for credit losses and the business segments  net charge-offs is reflected in Other. 
  Income tax allocations 
  Income taxes are assessed to each line of business at a standard tax rate with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in Other. 
  Expense allocations 
  Noninterest expenses incurred by centrally managed operations or business lines that directly support another business line s operations are charged to the applicable business line based on its utilization of those services. 
  Goodwill 
  For impairment testing purposes, the Company allocates goodwill to its Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking reporting units. For management reporting purposes, the Company presents the goodwill balance (and any related impairment charges) in Other. 
  Substantially all revenues generated and long-lived assets held by the Company s business segments are derived from clients that reside in the United States. Neither business segment earns revenue from a single external customer that represents 10 percent or more of the Company s total revenues.  
   
  NOTE 19 - EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period, plus the effect of potential dilutive common shares such as share-based awards, using the treasury stock method. Potential dilutive common shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS in the periods where the effect would be antidilutive. 
  
   56 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 20 - OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE 
  The following table presents the details of other operating expense: 

NOTE 21 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
  The Company has evaluated the impacts of events that have occurred subsequent to   September 30, 2016   through the date the Consolidated Financial Statements were filed with the SEC. Based on this evaluation, the Company has determined none of these events were required to be recognized or disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes, except as follows: 
  On October 19, 2016, the Company declared a quarterly common stock dividend of   $0.12   per share, or approximately   $62 million  , payable on November 16, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 2, 2016. 

57 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

58 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This document contains forward-looking statements within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements regarding potential future share repurchases and future dividends are forward-looking statements. Also, any statement that does not describe historical or current facts is a forward-looking statement. These statements often include the words  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends,   plans,   goals,   targets,   initiatives,   potentially,   probably,   projects,   outlook  or similar expressions or future conditional verbs such as  may,   will,   should,   would,  and  could.  
    
  Forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of management, and on information currently available to management. Our statements speak as of the date hereof, and we do not assume any obligation to update these statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those contained in such statements in light of new information or future events. We caution you, therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include the following, without limitation: 
             
    Negative economic conditions that adversely affect the general economy, housing prices, the job market, consumer confidence and spending habits which may affect, among other things, the level of nonperforming assets, charge-offs and provision expense; 
                
    The rate of growth in the economy and employment levels, as well as general business and economic conditions; 
                
    Our ability to implement our strategic plan, including the cost savings and efficiency components, and achieve our indicative performance targets; 
                
    Our ability to remedy regulatory deficiencies and meet supervisory requirements and expectations; 
                
    Liabilities and business restrictions resulting from litigation and regulatory investigations; 
                
    Our capital and liquidity requirements (including under regulatory capital standards, such as the Basel III capital standards) and our ability to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
                
    The effect of the current low interest rate environment or changes in interest rates on our net interest income, net interest margin and our mortgage originations, mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale; 
                
    Changes in interest rates and market liquidity, as well as the magnitude of such changes, which may reduce interest margins, impact funding sources and affect the ability to originate and distribute financial products in the primary and secondary markets; 
                
    The effect of changes in the level of checking or savings account deposits on our funding costs and net interest margin;  
                
    Financial services reform and other current, pending or future legislation or regulation that could have a negative effect on our revenue and businesses, including the Dodd-Frank Act and other legislation and regulation relating to bank products and services; 
                
    A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks; and 
                
    Management s ability to identify and manage these and other risks. 
     In addition to the above factors, we also caution that the amount and timing of any future common stock dividends or share repurchases will depend on our financial condition, earnings, cash needs, regulatory constraints, capital requirements (including requirements of our subsidiaries), and any other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant in making such a determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends to holders of our common stock, or as to the amount of any such dividends.  
    
  More information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  
   59 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
  The summary Consolidated Operating Data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the summary Consolidated Balance Sheet data as of September 30, 2016 are derived from our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements of this report. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for any future period.    
  In our opinion, the unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the information set forth herein. Our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of those to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future period. The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto  . 

60 

       CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

(1)       Return on average common equity  is defined as annualized net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity.  
   (2)       Return on average total assets  is defined as annualized net income divided by average total assets.  
   (3)       Net interest margin  is defined as annualized net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.  
   (4)         Excludes loans held for sale of $526 million and $365 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
   (5)         Basel III transitional rules for institutions applying the Standardized approach to calculating risk-weighted assets became effective January 1, 2015. The capital ratios and associated components as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are prepared using the Basel III Standardized transitional approach.  
   (6)        Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  represents CET1 divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
   (7)        Tier 1 capital ratio  is tier 1 capital, which includes CET1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (8)       Total capital ratio  is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (9)      Tier 1 leverage ratio  is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  

61 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Overview 
  We are one of the nation s oldest and largest financial institutions, with   $147.0 billion   of total assets as of   September 30, 2016  . Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, we deliver a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, institutions and companies. Our approximately   17,600   colleagues strive to meet the financial needs of customers and prospects through approximately   1,200   branches and approximately   3,200   ATMs operated in   11   states in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions and through our online, telephone and mobile banking platforms. We conduct our banking operations through two wholly-owned banking subsidiaries, Citizens Bank, N.A. and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, and we operate our businesses through two operating segments, Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking. 
  Consumer Banking serves retail customers and small businesses with annual revenues of up to   $25 million   with products and services that include deposit products, mortgage and home equity lending, student loans, auto financing, credit cards, business loans and wealth management and investment services. Consumer Banking average loans and leases totaled   $54.5 billion   and   $51.1 billion  , or   53%   of average loan and leases (including loans held for sale) for both the nine months of 2016 and   2015  , respectively.  
  Commercial Banking offers corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest hedging, leasing and asset finance, specialty finance and trade finance. Commercial Banking average loans and leases totaled   $45.5 billion   compared with   $41.2 billion  , or   44%   and   43%   of average loan and leases (including loans held for sale) for both the nine months 2016 and   2015  , respectively. 
  Non-core assets totaled   $3.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   compared with   $2.3 billion   as of December 31,   2015  , an increase of   26%  . Non-core assets are primarily loans that are not aligned to our strategic priorities, generally as a result of geographic location, industry, product type, or risk level. This increase was driven by the transfer of a $1.2 billion commercial lease and loan portfolio tied to legacy RBS aircraft leasing borrowers that we placed in runoff following a review of the Asset Finance business in third quarter 2016. This portfolio of largely investment-grade client aircraft leases do not meet go-forward business model strategic and risk-adjusted return parameters, and we plan to exit these non-strategic relationships. These assets were designated as non-core and transferred to Other.  
  The largest component of our retail non-core portfolio is the home equity products serviced by others portfolio (a portion of which we now service internally). Non-core assets are included in Other along with the treasury function, securities portfolio, wholesale funding activities, goodwill, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses not attributed to the Consumer Banking or Commercial Banking segments.  
  We regularly incur expenses associated with investments in our infrastructure. For example, from 2011 to 2015 we invested   $1.3 billion   in infrastructure and technology, and plan to invest approximately   $181 million   in 2016 and approximately   $210 million   in 2017. We invested   $131 million   in our infrastructure in the first nine months of 2016. These investments, which are designed to lower our operating costs and improve our customer experience, include significant programs to enhance our resiliency, upgrade customer-facing technology and streamline operations.  
  For the third quarter 2016, we recorded income before income tax expense and net income of $427 million and $297 million, respectively. Third quarter 2016 results included a $31 million pre-tax, or $19 million after-tax benefit from notable items, presented below.  

(1)    Pre-tax reflects $3 million of other expense, $3 million of amortization of software and $2 million of outside services.  
   (2)    Pre-tax reflects ($5) million noninterest income impact and $11 million of other expense related to lease-residual impairment tied to legacy RBS aircraft leasing borrowers moved to runoff in non-core.  
   (3)    Pre-tax expense reflects $11 million in salaries and benefits and $6 million in outside services associated with TOP III efficiency initiatives.  

62 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Recent Events       
  In third quarter 2016, we repurchased   $250 million  , or   11,062,192   shares of common stock at an average price of   $22.60  . 
  On July 28, 2016, we issued   $350 million   of   2.375%   fixed-rate senior notes due 2021, and used the net proceeds and available cash to repurchase   $500 million   of our subordinated debt. 
   
  Key Factors Affecting Our Business  
  Macroeconomic conditions  
  Our business is affected by national and regional economic conditions, as well as the perception of future conditions and economic prospects. The significant macroeconomic factors that impact our business include the rate of economic expansion, the health of the housing market, unemployment levels and interest rates in the United States. 
  The U.S. economy continued to expand at a moderate pace, with GDP rising by   2.9%   in third quarter 2016, following   1.9%   growth in 2015. The housing sector remains steady as previous quarters, with three month average existing home sales of 5.4 million units.  
  The labor market continued to improve, with moderate job gains and lower levels of unemployment. The U.S. unemployment rate was   5.0%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Average monthly nonfarm employment increased by   192,000   in third quarter 2016, after a revised average increase of   146,000   in second quarter 2016. 
  The FRB maintained very accommodative monetary policy conditions during third quarter 2016, and continues to target a   0.25%   to   0.50%   federal funds rate range at the short end of the yield curve. Interest rates remain relatively low. See   Interest rates  below for further discussion of the impact of interest rates on our results. Observable inflation levels remain below the FRB s longer-term objective of   2.0%  . Further labor market improvement and the dissipation of the effects of a decline in energy and import prices are expected to bring inflation closer to the FRB s inflation objective.  
  Interest rates  
  Net interest income is our largest source of revenue and is the difference between the interest earned on interest-earning assets (usually loans and investment securities) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (usually deposits and borrowings). The level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets, the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities and the spread between the contractual yield on such assets and the contractual cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by the pricing and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by external factors such as local economic conditions, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the FRB and market interest rates. For further discussion, refer to   Risk Governance  and   Market Risk   Non-Trading Risk,  included in this report.  
  The cost of our deposits and short-term wholesale borrowings is largely based on short-term interest rates, which are primarily driven by the FRB s actions. However, the yields generated by our loans and securities are typically driven by both short-term and long-term interest rates, which are set by the market or, at times, by the FRB s actions. The level of net interest income is therefore influenced by movements in such interest rates and the pace at which such movements occur. In 2015 and through third quarter 2016, short-term and long-term interest rates remained at very low levels by historical standards, with many benchmark rates, such as the federal funds rate and one- and three-month LIBOR, near zero. Further declines in the yield curve or a decline in longer-term yields relative to short-term yields (a flatter yield curve) would have an adverse impact on our net interest margin and net interest income.  
  In 2015 and through third quarter 2016, the FRB maintained a highly accommodative monetary policy, and indicated that this policy would remain in effect for a considerable time after its asset purchase program ended on October 29, 2014 and the economic recovery strengthens in the United States. More recently, the FRB has started to move down the path of interest rate normalization by raising the federal funds rate by 25 basis points in December 2015. However, the FRB will likely continue to target a highly accommodative monetary policy for some time to come. 
  Credit trends  
  Credit metrics and asset quality remained strong and broadly stable in third quarter   2016  . Nonperforming loans of   $1.1 billion   as of September 30, 2016 increased $73 million from September 30, 2015, reflecting an increase in commercial nonperforming assets largely driven by commodity-based businesses, partially offset by improvement in retail products. Net charge-offs of   $83 million   increased $8 million from   $75 million   in third quarter   2015  , largely driven by the commercial oil and gas portfolio, and included $62 million in recoveries of prior period charge-offs, compared with $45 million in third quarter 2015. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loans of   0.32%  , was relatively stable compared to   0.31%   in third quarter   2015  . 
  
   63 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Credit metrics and asset quality remained relatively stable in the first nine months of   2016  . Net charge-offs of   $231 million     increased     $24 million   from   $207 million   in the first nine months of   2015  , which included $153 million in recoveries for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $149 million in recoveries for the first nine months of 2015. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loans of   0.30%  , was relatively stable compared to   0.29%   in the first nine months of   2015  . 
  Regulatory trends  
  We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision, which continue to evolve as the legal and regulatory framework governing our operations continues to change. The current operating environment also has heightened regulatory expectations around many regulations including consumer compliance, the Bank Secrecy Act, anti-money laundering compliance, and increased internal audit activities. As a result of these heightened expectations, we expect to incur additional costs for additional compliance personnel and/or professional fees associated with advisors and consultants.  
  Dodd-Frank regulation  
  As described under  Regulation and Supervision  in Part I, Item 1   Business included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including the Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act is complex, and many aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act are subject to final rulemaking or phased implementation that will take effect over several years. The Dodd-Frank Act will continue to impact our earnings through fee reductions, higher costs and imposition of new restrictions on us. The Dodd-Frank Act may also continue to have a material adverse impact on the value of certain assets and liabilities held on our balance sheet. The ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business will depend on regulatory interpretation and rulemaking as well as the success of any of our actions to mitigate the negative impacts of certain provisions. Key parts of the Dodd-Frank Act that specifically impact our business are the repeal of a previous prohibition against payment of interest on demand deposits, which became effective in July 2011, and the introduction of a capital planning and stress-testing framework developed by the FRBG, known as CCAR and DFAST. Under this supervisory framework, we are required to submit annual capital plans to the FRB and are subject to annual supervisory and semiannual internal stress tests requirements.  
  Consistent with these requirements, we must submit our annual capital plan and the results of our annual company-run stress tests to the FRB by April 5   th    of each year and disclose certain results within 15 days of the date the FRB discloses the results of its supervisory-run tests. We submitted our 2016 Capital Plan and related annual stress test results to the Federal Reserve on April 5, 2016. We published our estimated results under the supervisory severely adverse scenario on the Investor Relations regulatory filings and disclosures page of our corporate website on June 23, 2016. The annual DFAST process projects net income, loan losses and capital ratios during a nine-quarter horizon under hypothetical, stressful macroeconomic and financial market scenarios developed by the FRBG as well as certain mandated assumptions about capital distributions prescribed in the DFAST rule. Consistent with the purpose of these exercises and the assumptions used to assess our performance during hypothetical economic conditions, the projected results under the required stress scenarios show severe negative impacts on earnings and decline in capital ratios. However, these pro forma results should not be interpreted as management expectations but rather as a possible result under hypothetical, severely adverse economic conditions that do not take into account capital conservation actions that would be mandated by internal policy if such conditions were actually to occur.  
  Similarly, we are required to submit the results of our mid-cycle company-run DFAST stress tests by October 5   th    of each year and disclose the results under an internally developed severely adverse scenario between October 5   th    and November 4   th   . We submitted the results of our 2016 mid-cycle stress test to the FRB on October 3, 2016 and disclosed a summary of the results on October 5, 2016. 
  The Dodd-Frank Act also requires each of our bank subsidiaries to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and to disclose the stress test results. CBNA submitted its 2016 annual stress tests to the OCC on April 5, 2016 and published a summary of the results along with the stress test result of the bank holding company parent in June 2016. CBPA submitted its 2016 annual stress tests to the FDIC on April 5, 2016 and published its summary results as an update to the CFG / CBNA Dodd-Frank Act Company-Run Stress Test Disclosure on our Investor Relations site on October 17, 2016, prior to the October 31, 2016 deadline that the FDIC sets for banks with $10 - $50 billion in total assets.  
  Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review  
  CCAR is an annual exercise by the FRBG to ensure that the largest bank holding companies have sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial stress and robust forward-looking capital planning processes that account for their unique risks.  
  As part of CCAR, the FRBG evaluates institutions  capital adequacy, internal capital adequacy assessment processes and their plans to make capital distributions, such as dividend payments or stock repurchases. The FRBG may either object to our capital plan, in whole or in part, or provide a notice of non-objection. If the FRBG objects to our capital plan, we may not make any capital distribution other than those with respect to which the FRBG has indicated its non-objection. 
  
   64 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

In April 2016, we submitted our 2016 Capital Plan to the Federal Reserve under the annual CCAR process. On June 29, 2016, the FRBG indicated that it did not object to our 2016 Capital Plan or to our proposed capital actions in the period beginning July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017. Our 2016 Capital Plan includes proposed quarterly common dividends of $0.12 per share through the end of 2016, a potential 17% increase to quarterly common dividends to $0.14 per share in 2017, and a share repurchase plan of up to $690 million through the second quarter of 2017.  
    
  All proposed capital distributions are subject to consideration and approval by CFG s Board of Directors prior to execution. The timing and exact amount of dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance and market conditions. The Board has approved a share repurchase plan that may be executed in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under Rule 10b5-1 plans.  
  Repeal of the prohibition on depository institutions paying interest on demand deposits  
  We began offering interest-bearing corporate checking accounts after the 2011 repeal of the prohibition on depository institutions paying interest on demand deposits. Currently, industry wide interest rates for this product are very low and thus far the impact of the repeal has not had a significant effect on our results. However, market rates could increase more significantly in the future. If we need to pay higher interest rates on checking accounts to maintain current clients or attract new clients, our interest expense would increase, perhaps materially. Furthermore, if we fail to offer interest rates at a sufficient level to retain demand deposits, our core deposits may be reduced, which would require us to obtain funding in other ways or limit potential future asset growth.  
  Basel III final rules applicable to us and our banking subsidiaries  
  In July 2013, the FRB, OCC, and FDIC issued the U.S. Basel III final rules. The rules implement the Committee on Banking Supervision s Basel III capital framework and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including the Collins Amendment. The U.S. Basel III final rules substantially revised the risked-based capital and leverage requirements applicable to bank holding companies and their insured depository institution subsidiaries, including CBNA and CBPA. The U.S. Basel III final rules became effective for us and our depository institution subsidiaries, including CBNA and CBPA, on January 1, 2015 (subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions). In order to comply with the new capital requirements, we established internal capital ratio targets that meet or exceed U.S. regulatory expectations under fully phased-in Basel III rules, and increased our capital requirements in anticipation of the transition that is underway.  
  HELOC payment shock  
  Attention has been given by regulators, rating agencies, and the general press regarding the potential for increased exposure to credit losses associated with HELOCs that were originated during the period of rapid home price appreciation between 2003 and 2007. Industry wide, many of the HELOCs originated during this timeframe were structured with an extended interest-only payment period followed by a requirement to convert to a higher payment amount that would begin fully amortizing both principal and interest beginning at a certain date in the future. To help manage this exposure, in September 2013, we launched a comprehensive program designed to provide heightened customer outreach to inform, educate and assist customers through the reset process as well as to offer alternative financing and forbearance options. Results of this program indicate that our efforts to assist customers at risk of default have successfully reduced delinquency and charge-off rates compared to our original expectations. As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   21%   of our   $14.5 billion   HELOC portfolio, or   $3.0 billion   in drawn balances were subject to a payment reset or balloon payment between October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2018, including   $24 million   in balloon balances where full payment is due at the end of a ten-year interest only draw period. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , for the   $1.6 billion   of our HELOC portfolio that was originally structured with a reset period in 2014 and 2013,   94%   of the balances were refinanced, paid off or were current on payments,   2%   were past due and   4%   had been charged off. As of   September 30, 2016  , for the   $1.3 billion   in balances originally structured with a reset period in 2015,   94%   of the balances were refinanced, paid off or were current on payments,   4%   were past due and   2%   had been charged off. A total of   $995 million   in balances were originally structured with a reset period in 2016, with   $138 million   scheduled to reset for the remainder of 2016. Factors that affect our future expectations for charge-off risk for the portion of our HELOC portfolio subject to reset periods in the future include improved loan-to-value ratios resulting from continued home price appreciation, stable portfolio credit score profiles and more robust loss mitigation efforts.  
   
  Principal Components of Operations and Key Performance Metrics Used by Management  
  As a banking institution, we manage and evaluate various aspects of our results of operations and our financial condition. We evaluate the levels and trends of the line items included in our balance sheet and statement of operations, as well as various financial ratios that are commonly used in our industry. We analyze these ratios and financial trends against our own historical performance, our budgeted performance and the financial condition and performance of comparable banking institutions in our region and nationally.  
  
   65 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The primary line items we use in our key performance metrics to manage and evaluate our statement of operations include net interest income, noninterest income, total revenue, provision for credit losses, noninterest expense and net income. The primary line items we use in our key performance metrics to manage and evaluate our balance sheet data include loans and leases, securities, allowance for credit losses, deposits, borrowed funds and derivatives.  
    Net interest income  
  Net interest income is the difference between the interest earned on interest-earning assets (usually loans and investment securities) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (usually deposits and borrowings). The level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets, the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities and the spread between the contractual yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. Net interest income is impacted by the relative mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, movements in market interest rates, levels of nonperforming assets and pricing pressure from competitors. The mix of interest-earning assets is influenced by loan demand and by management s continual assessment of the rate of return and relative risk associated with various classes of interest-earning assets.  
  The mix of interest-bearing liabilities is influenced by management s assessment of the need for lower cost funding sources weighed against relationships with customers and growth requirements and is impacted by competition for deposits in our market and the availability and pricing of other sources of funds.  
  Noninterest income  
  The primary components of our noninterest income are service charges and fees, card fees, trust and investment services fees and mortgage banking fees.  
  Total revenue  
  Total revenue is the sum of our net interest income and our noninterest income.  
  Provision for credit losses  
  The provision for credit losses is the amount of expense that, based on our judgment, is required to maintain the allowance for credit losses at an amount that reflects probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date and that, in management s judgment, is appropriate under relevant accounting guidance. The provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments. The determination of the amount of the allowance for credit losses is complex and involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. For additional information regarding the provision for credit losses, see   Critical Accounting Estimates   Allowance for Credit Losses,  Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 4  Allowance for Credit Losses, Nonperforming Assets, and Concentrations of Credit Risk  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  Noninterest expense  
  Noninterest expense includes salaries and employee benefits, outside services, occupancy expense, equipment expense, amortization of software, goodwill impairment, and other operating expenses.  
  Net income and Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 
  We evaluate our net income and net income available to common stockholders based on measures including return on average common equity, return on average total assets and return on average tangible common equity.  
  Loans and leases  
  We classify our loans and leases pursuant to the following classes: commercial, commercial real estate, leases, residential mortgages, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, home equity loans serviced by others, home equity lines of credit serviced by others, automobile, student, credit cards and other retail. Our SBO portfolio consists of purchased home equity loans and lines that were originally serviced by others, which we now service a portion of internally. 
  Loans are reported at the amount of their outstanding principal, net of charge-offs, unearned income, deferred loan origination fees and costs and unamortized premiums or discounts (on purchased loans). Deferred loan origination fees and costs and purchase discounts and premiums are amortized as an adjustment of yield over the life of the loan, using the level yield interest method. Unamortized amounts remaining upon prepayment or sale are recorded as interest income or gain (loss) on sale, respectively. Credit card receivables include billed and uncollected interest and fees.  
  
   66 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Leases are classified at the inception of the lease by type. Lease receivables, including leveraged leases, are reported at the aggregate of lease payments receivable and estimated residual values, net of unearned and deferred income, including unamortized investment credits. Lease residual values are reviewed at least annually for other-than-temporary impairment, with valuation adjustments recognized currently against noninterest income and noninterest expense. Leveraged leases are reported net of non-recourse debt. Unearned income is recognized to yield a level rate of return on the net investment in the leases.  
  Loans held for sale, at fair value 
  Mortgage loans and commercial loans held for sale are carried at fair value.  
  Other loans held for sale 
  Balances represent loans that were transferred to other loans held for sale are reported at the lower of cost or fair value. 
  Securities  
  Our securities portfolio is managed to seek return while maintaining prudent levels of quality, market risk and liquidity. Investments in debt and equity securities are carried in four portfolios: AFS, HTM, trading securities and other investment securities. We determine the appropriate classification at the time of purchase. Securities in our AFS portfolio will be held for indefinite periods of time and may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, changes in prepayment risk or other factors relevant to our asset and liability strategy. Securities in our AFS portfolio are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported in OCI, as a separate component of stockholders  equity, net of taxes. Securities are classified as HTM because we have the ability and intent to hold the securities to maturity, and securities in our HTM portfolio are carried at amortized cost. Other investment securities are composed mainly of FHLB stock and FRB stock (which are carried at cost), and money market mutual fund investments held by our broker-dealer (which are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in noninterest income). 
  Allowance for credit losses  
  Our estimate of probable losses in the loan and lease portfolios is recorded in the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. Together these are referred to as the allowance for credit losses. We evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses using the following ratios: ALLL as a percentage of total loans and leases; ALLL as a percentage of nonperforming loans and leases; and nonperforming loans and leases as a percentage of total loans and leases. For additional information, see   Critical Accounting Estimates   Allowance for Credit Losses,  and Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 4  Allowance for Credit Losses, Nonperforming Assets, and Concentrations of Credit Risk  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  Deposits  
  Our deposits include: on demand checking, checking with interest, regular savings accounts, money market accounts and term deposits.  
  Borrowed funds  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our total short-term borrowed funds included federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreement to repurchase, the current portion of FHLB advances and other short-term borrowed funds. As of   September 30, 2016  , our long-term borrowed funds included subordinated debt, unsecured notes, Federal Home loan advances and other long-term borrowed funds. For additional information, see   Analysis of Financial Condition   Borrowed Funds,  and Note 7  Borrowed Funds  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  Derivatives  
  We use pay-fixed swaps to lengthen liabilities synthetically and offset duration in fixed-rate assets. We also use pay-fixed swaps to hedge floating-rate wholesale funding. 
  We use receive-fixed interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate exposure on our medium term borrowings. We also use receive-fixed swaps to minimize the exposure to variability in the interest cash flows on our floating rate assets. The assets and liabilities recorded for derivatives designated as hedges reflect the market value of these hedge instruments.  
  We sell interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards to commercial customers. Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts are transacted to effectively minimize our market risk associated with the customer derivative contracts. The assets and liabilities recorded for derivatives not designated as hedges reflect the market value of these transactions. For additional information, see   Analysis of Financial Condition   Derivatives,  and Note 11  Derivatives  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  
   67 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Key performance metrics and non-GAAP financial measures  
  We consider certain key performance metrics when evaluating our performance and making day-to-day operating decisions, as well as evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:  
             
    Return on average common equity, which we define as annualized net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity;  
                
    Return on average tangible common equity, which we define as annualized net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity excluding average goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability) and average other intangibles;  
                
    Return on average total assets, which we define as annualized net income divided by average total assets;  
                
    Return on average total tangible assets, which we define as annualized net income divided by average total assets excluding average goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability) and average other intangibles;  
                
    Efficiency ratio, which we define as the ratio of our total noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income. We measure our efficiency ratio to evaluate the efficiency of our operations as it helps us monitor how costs are changing compared to our income. A decrease in our efficiency ratio represents improvement;   
                
    Net interest margin, which we calculate by dividing annualized net interest income for the period by average total interest-earning assets, is a key measure that we use to evaluate our net interest income; and 
                
    Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (Basel III fully phased-in basis), represents CET1 divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
       
  We present and provide reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. These reconciliations are adjusted for restructuring charges, special items and/or notable items, which are included, where applicable, in the financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. Restructuring charges and special items include expenses related to our efforts to improve processes and enhance efficiencies, as well as rebranding, separation from RBS and regulatory expenses. Notable items include certain revenue or expense items that may occur in a reporting period which management does not consider indicative of on-going financial performance. 
  We believe these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors because these are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. In addition, we believe restructuring charges, special items and/or notable items in any period do not reflect the operational performance of the business in that period and, accordingly, it is useful to consider these line items with and without restructuring charges, special items and/or notable items. We believe this presentation also increases comparability of period-to-period results.  
  Other companies may use similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures that are calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. Accordingly, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. We caution investors not to place undue reliance on such non-GAAP measures, but instead to consider them with the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results reported under GAAP. 
  Non-GAAP measures are denoted throughout   Results of Operations  by the use of the term  adjusted  and are followed by an asterisk (*).  

68 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The following table contains computations of key performance metrics and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures: 

69 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

70 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

71 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

(1)    Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to  
      a sustainable target level for common equity tier 1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.  

72 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

(1)    Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to  
        a sustainable target level for common equity tier 1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.  

73 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Results of Operations   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Highlights  
  For third quarter 2016:  
              
    Net income included the benefit of $19 million in after-tax notable items. Excluding notable items, adjusted net income* increased $58 million, or 26%, to $278 million from $220 million in third quarter 2015; 
                 
    Net interest income of   $945 million     increased     $89 million  , or   10%  , from   $856 million   in third quarter 2015 driven by 7% average loan growth and an eight basis point improvement in net interest margin; 
                
    Net interest margin of   2.84%     increased   eight basis points, compared to   2.76%   in third quarter 2015. Results reflect improved loan yields given continued pricing and portfolio optimization initiatives, as well as higher short-term interest rates. These benefits were partially offset by a reduction in investment portfolio yields, including a reduction in FRB stock dividends, as well as increased borrowing costs; 
                
    Noninterest income of   $435 million     increased     $82 million  , or   23%  , from third quarter 2015 driven by the TDR Transaction gain. Excluding this impact, adjusted noninterest income increased $15 million as strength in mortgage banking fees, capital market fees and service charges and fees was partially offset by lower trust and investment service fees and other income; 
                
    Noninterest expense of   $867 million     increased     $69 million  , or   9%  , compared to $798 million in third quarter 2015 driven by the impact of $36 million in notable items. Excluding this impact, adjusted noninterest expense* increased $33 million driven by higher salaries and employee benefits, largely reflecting a change in the timing of merit increases and incentive payments that drove higher payroll taxes and retirement plan contributions, as well as increased software amortization, outside services, and higher occupancy and equipment expense;  
                
    Provision for credit losses of   $86 million     increased     $10 million  , or   13%  , from   $76 million   in third quarter of 2015, largely reflecting an increase tied to loan growth; 
                   
    Average interest-bearing deposits of   $79.2 billion     increased     $4.9 billion  , or   7%  , from   $74.2 billion   in third quarter 2015, driven by growth in every deposit category; 

74 

Results of Operations   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
    
  Highlights  
  For the first nine months of 2016:  
              
    Net income included $19 million in after-tax notable items, compared with $31 million in after-tax restructuring charges and special noninterest expense items in the first nine months of 2015. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items, adjusted net income* increased $94 million, or 14%, to $744 million from $650 million in the first nine months of 2015; 
                
    Net income available to common stockholders of   $749 million     increased     $137 million  , compared to   $612 million   in the first nine months of 2015. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders* increased $87 million, or 14%, to $730 million from $643 million in the first nine months of 2015; 
                
    Net interest income of   $2.8 billion     increased     $240 million  , or   9%  , compared to   $2.5 billion   in the first nine months of 2015, reflecting 7% average loan growth, 6% average deposit growth and a 10 basis point improvement in net interest margin; 
                
    Net interest margin of   2.85%     increased     10   basis points, compared to   2.75%   in the first nine months of 2015 driven by improved loan yields reflecting higher interest rates and continued improvement in loan mix as well as flat deposit costs; 
                
    Noninterest income of   $1.1 billion     increased     $60 million  , or   6%  , from the first nine months of 2015 levels largely driven by the TDR Transaction gain. Lower mortgage banking fees, card fees, trust and investment services fees, and foreign exchange and letter of credit fees were partially offset by an increase in service charges and fees and other income; 
                
    Noninterest expense of   $2.5 billion     increased     $56 million  , or   2%  , compared to   $2.4 billion   in the first nine months of 2015. Results reflected $36 million in notable items, compared to $50 million of restructuring charges and special items in the first nine months of 2015. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items adjusted noninterest expense* increased $70 million, which reflected increases in salaries and employee benefits and outside services, software amortization, and occupancy and equipment expense, partially offset by other operating expense; 
                
    Provision for credit losses of   $267 million     increased     $56 million  , or   27%  , from   $211 million   in the first nine months of 2015, reflecting continued improvement in credit quality and improvement in retail net charge-offs. The first nine months of 2016 included a $36 million reserve build compared to a $4 million reserve build in the first nine months of 2015; 
                 
    Return on average tangible common equity was   7.51%  ,       compared to   6.34%   for the first nine months of 2015. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items, adjusted return on average tangible common equity* improved to 7.32% from 6.67% in the first nine months of 2015;  
                
    Average loans and leases of   $102.3 billion     increased     $6.9 billion  , or   7%  , from   $95.5 billion   in the first nine months of 2015, driven by commercial loan growth across most products, and an increase in student, residential mortgage, and auto loans, partially offset by a decrease in home equity outstandings;  
                
    Average interest-bearing deposits of   $76.9 billion     increased     $4.8 billion  , or   7%   from   $72.1 billion   in the first nine months of 2015, driven by growth in all deposit products; 

75 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Net Income  
  Net income totaled   $297 million  , up   $77 million  , or   35%  , from   $220 million   in third quarter 2015. Third quarter 2016 results include a $19 million after-tax benefit from notable items, largely related to the gain on TDR Transaction sale as well as efforts to improve processes and enhance efficiencies. Excluding these items, adjusted net income* increased   $58 million   from third quarter 2015. 
  Net income totaled   $763 million  , up   $144 million  , or   23%  , from   $619 million   in the first nine months of 2015. The first nine months of 2016 results include a $19 million after-tax benefit from notable items, compared with $31 million of after tax restructuring charges and special items for the first nine months of 2015. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items, adjusted net income* increased   $94 million   from the first nine months of 2015. 
  The following table presents the significant components of our net income for the periods indicated: 

76 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Net Interest Income 
  The following table presents the major components of net interest income and net interest margin: 

(1)    Balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. Interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements and certain hedging costs. The rate on federal funds purchased is elevated due to the impact from pay-fixed interest rate swaps that are scheduled to run off by the end of   2017  . See   Analysis of Financial Condition     September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015     Derivatives  for further information.  

77 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Net interest income of   $945 million   increased   $89 million  , or   10%  , compared to   $856 million   in third quarter 2015, driven by   7%   average loan growth and an   eight   basis point improvement in net interest margin. 
  Compared to third quarter 2015, average interest-earning assets of   $131.7 billion   increased   $8.7 billion  , or   7%  , from third quarter 2015, driven by a   $4.5 billion   increase in average commercial loans and leases, a   $2.7 billion   increase in average retail loans, and a   $1.3 billion   increase in average investments and interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks. Commercial loan growth was driven by strength in commercial and commercial real estate. Retail loan growth was driven by strength in student, residential mortgage, automobile and other retail balances.  
  Average deposits of   $106.6 billion   increased   $5.7 billion   from third quarter 2015 with particular strength in savings, checking with interest and demand deposits. Total interest-bearing deposit costs increased two basis points compared to third quarter 2015. Checking with interest costs of   0.20%   in 2016 compared with   0.12%   in 2015, term deposit costs decreased to   0.76%   in   2016   from   0.84%   in   2015  , and money market account and savings account costs increased to   0.31%   from   0.29%     in   2015  .  
  Total borrowed funds of   $14.4 billion   increased   $2.4 billion  , or   20%  , from third quarter 2015, reflecting continued incremental funding of earning asset growth. Total borrowed funds costs of   $63 million   increased   $10 million   from third quarter 2015 primarily due to issuance of long-term senior term debt and the reduction of securities sold under agreements to repurchase.   
  Net interest margin of   2.84%   increased   eight   basis points compared to   2.76%   in third quarter 2015 driven by improved loan yields reflecting both higher interest rates and continued improvement in loan mix. Margin results also reflected the benefit of modest rise in deposit costs relative to loan yields and lower pay-fixed swap expense.  These benefits were partially offset by increased long-term borrowing costs, including the effect of additional senior debt issuances and a decline from investment securities yield tied to the drop in long-term interest rates. Average interest-earning asset yields of   3.25%   increased   12   basis points from   3.13%   in third quarter 2015. 
  
   78 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

(1)    Balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. Interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements and certain hedging costs. The rate on federal funds purchased is elevated due to the impact from pay-fixed interest rate swaps that are scheduled to run off by the end of   2017  . See   Analysis of Financial Condition     September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015     Derivatives  for further information.  

79 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Net interest income of   $2.8 billion   in the first nine months of 2016 increased   $240 million  , or   9%  , compared to   $2.5 billion   in the first nine months of 2015, reflecting   7%   average loan growth and a   ten   basis point improvement in net interest margin. 
  Average interest-earning assets of   $129.1 billion   increased $  6.6 billion  , or   5%  , from the first nine months of 2015, driven by a   $4.2 billion   increase in average commercial loans and leases and a   $2.7 billion   increase in average retail loans, partially offset by a   $436 million   decrease in average investments and interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks. Commercial loan growth was driven by strength in commercial and commercial real estate. Retail loan growth was driven by strength in student, residential mortgage, and automobile loan balances.  
  Average deposits of   $104.2 billion   increased   $5.8 billion   from the first nine months of 2015 with particular strength in savings, checking with interest and demand deposits. Total interest-bearing deposit costs of   $194 million   increased   $17 million  , or   10%  , from   $177 million   in the first nine months of 2015 and reflected a one basis point increase in interest-bearing deposit costs to   0.34%  . Checking with interest costs of   0.17%   in the first nine months of 2016 compared with   0.11%   in the first nine months of 2015, term deposit costs decreased to   0.77%   in the first nine months of 2016 from   0.81%   in the first nine months of 2015, and money market account and savings account costs increased to   0.29%   from   0.27%   in the first nine months of 2015.  
  Total borrowed funds of   $14.4 billion   increased   $350 million   from the first nine months of 2015. Total borrowed funds costs of   $178 million   increased   $19 million   from the first nine months of 2015.  
  Net interest margin of   2.85%   increased   ten   basis points compared to   2.75%   in the first nine months of 2015 driven by improved loan yields reflecting both higher interest rates and continued improvement in loan mix. Results also reflected the benefit of relatively flat deposit costs. Average interest-earning asset yields of   3.23%   increased   12   basis points from   3.11%   in the first nine months of 2015. 

Noninterest Income 
  The following table details the significant components of our noninterest income: 

(1)    Includes net securities impairment losses on securities available for sale recognized in earnings and other income.  
  Noninterest income of   $435 million     increased     $82 million  , or   23%  , from   $353 million   in third quarter 2015, driven by  the pre-tax $67 million benefit from notable items in other income. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted noninterest income* increased $15 million or 4% largely reflecting higher mortgage banking fees, capital market fees, and service charges and fees partially offset by lower trust and investment services fees and other income. Service charges and fees   increased     $7 million  , driven by both improved pricing and volume. Capital markets fees increased   $13 million  , reflecting improved loan syndication volumes and continued broadening of our capabilities. Card fees decreased $8 million from third quarter 2015 levels,  reflecting the impact of a reclass of card reward costs. Mortgage banking fees increased   $15 million   from third quarter 2015 levels, reflecting the benefit of higher application volumes and sale gains and spreads. 
  Noninterest income of   $1.1 billion   in the first nine months of 2016,   increased     $60 million  , or   6%  , compared to the first nine months of 2015 driven by the pre-tax $67 million benefit from notable items in other income. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted noninterest income* decreased $7 million, or 1%, as the impact of lower mortgage banking fees, securities gains, card fees, trust and investment services fees, and foreign exchange and letter of credit fees were partially offset by increases in service charges and capital market fees. Service charges   increased     $27 million  , driven by both improved pricing and volume. Capital market fees   increased     $18 million   reflecting underlying business momentum and the impact of building capabilities. Card fees   decreased     $19 million   from the first nine months of 2015 results, which were $20 million higher given the reclass of card reward costs. Mortgage banking fees decreased   $5 million   from higher 2015 levels that included higher MSR valuation gains.  
  
   80 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Provision for Credit Losses 
  Provision for credit losses of   $86 million     increased     $10 million  , or   13%  , from   $76 million   in third quarter 2015. Third quarter 2016 results reflected a $3 million reserve build, compared to a $1 million reserve build in third quarter 2015. Results also reflected an $8 million increase in net charge-offs as higher energy portfolio losses were partially offset by a reduction in retail. 
  Provision for credit losses of   $267 million     increased     $56 million  , compared to   $211 million   in the first nine months of 2015 and reflected a $24 million increase in net charge-offs due to higher commercial and retail losses. The first nine months of 2016 reflected a $36 million reserve build largely tied to loan growth compared to a $4 million reserve build in the first nine months of 2015. 
    
  The provision for loan and lease losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate an appropriate and adequate ALLL. The total provision for credit losses included the provision for loan and lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments. Refer to   Analysis of Financial Condition   Allowance for Credit Losses and Nonperforming Assets  for more information. 

Noninterest Expense 
  The following table displays the significant components of our noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 

Noninterest expense of   $867 million     increased     $69 million  , or   9%  , from   $798 million   in third quarter 2015 and included $36 million in notable items. Excluding this impact, adjusted noninterest expense* increased $33 million reflecting higher salaries and employee benefits, software amortization, equipment expense, outside services, and higher occupancy. 
  Noninterest expense of   $2.5 billion   in the first nine months of 2016   increased     $56 million  , or   2%  , compared to the first nine months of 2015 as the impact of higher salaries and employee benefits, outside services and amortization of software were partially offset by lower occupancy and other operating expense. The first nine months of 2016 results reflected $36 million of notable items compared with $50 million of restructuring charges and special items for the nine months of 2015. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, special items and notable items adjusted noninterest expense* increased $70 million.  

Income Tax Expense 
  Income tax expense was   $130 million   and   $115 million   in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively. This resulted in an effective tax rate of   30.5%   and   34.1%   in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective income tax rate from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016 was primarily attributable to the impact of prior year federal and state tax credit recoveries and a reduction of non-deductible permanent expense items. 
  Income tax expense was   $357 million   and   $313 million   in the first nine months of 2016 and   2015  , respectively. This resulted in an effective tax rate of   31.9%   and   33.5%   in the first nine months of 2016 and   2015  , respectively. The decrease in the effective rate from   2015   to 2016 was primarily attributable to an increase in tax advantaged investing and the impact of prior year federal and state tax credit recoveries. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we reported a net deferred tax liability of   $994 million  , compared to a   $730 million   liability at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in the net deferred tax liability was primarily attributable to the tax effect of net unrealized gains on securities and derivatives arising during the period and the tax effect of current year timing adjustments. For further discussion, see Note 10  Income Taxes  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report.  
  
   81 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Business Segments  
  The following tables present certain financial data of our business segments: 

(1)    Ratios for the period ended   September 30, 2016   are presented on an annualized basis. 
   (2)     Ratio includes loans and leases held for sale. 
   (3)     Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for CET1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.  
   (4)    Includes the financial impact of non-core, liquidating loan portfolios and other non-core assets, our treasury activities, wholesale funding activities, securities portfolio, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses not attributed to our Consumer Banking or Commercial Banking segments. For a description of non-core assets, see   Analysis of Financial Condition     September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015     Loans and Leases-Non-Core Assets.  
  
   82 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

(1)    Ratios for the period ended   September 30, 2016   are presented on an annualized basis. 
   (2)     Ratio includes loans and leases held for sale. 
   (3)     Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for CET1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.  
   (4)    Includes the financial impact of non-core, liquidating loan portfolios and other non-core assets, our treasury activities, wholesale funding activities, securities portfolio, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses not attributed to our Consumer Banking or Commercial Banking segments. For a description of non-core assets, see   Analysis of Financial Condition     September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015     Loans and Leases-Non-Core Assets.  
    
  We operate our business through two operating segments: Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking. Segment results are derived from our business-line profitability reporting systems by specifically attributing managed assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses to the operating segments and Other. Residual assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses are attributed to Other.  
  Other includes our treasury function, securities portfolio, wholesale funding activities, goodwill and goodwill impairment, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses not attributed to Consumer Banking or Commercial Banking. Other also includes our non-core assets. Non-core assets are primarily loans inconsistent with our strategic goals, generally as a result of geographic location, industry, product type or risk level. The non-core portfolio totaled   $3.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   26%   from   December 31, 2015  . This increase was driven by the transfer of a $1.2 billion commercial lease and loan portfolio tied to legacy RBS aircraft leasing borrowers that we placed in runoff following a review of the Asset Finance business in third quarter 2016. This portfolio of largely investment-grade client aircraft leases do not meet go-forward business model strategic and risk-adjusted return parameters, and we plan to exit these non-strategic relationships. Given recent deterioration in aircraft values, along with the impact of exiting these client relationships, we believe the underlying residual value has been impaired. See   Overview  for further discussion of the residual value impairment. The largest component of our retail non-core portfolio is our home equity products currently or formerly serviced by others portfolio.  
  Our capital levels are evaluated and managed centrally, however, capital is allocated to the operating segments to support evaluation of business performance. Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for common equity tier 1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital. Interest income and expense is determined based on the assets and liabilities managed by the business segment. Because funding and asset liability management is a central function, funds transfer-pricing methodologies are utilized to allocate a cost of funds used, or credit for the funds  
  
   83 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

provided, to all business segment assets, liabilities and capital, respectively, using a matched-funding concept. The residual effect on net interest income of asset/liability management, including the residual net interest income related to the funds transfer pricing process, is included in Other.  
  Provision for credit losses is allocated to each business segment based on actual net charge-offs that have been recognized by the business segment. The difference between the consolidated provision for credit losses and the business segments  net charge-offs is reflected in Other.  
  Noninterest income and expense directly managed by each business segment, including fees, service charges, salaries and benefits, and other direct revenues and costs are accounted for within each segment s financial results in a manner similar to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements. Occupancy costs are allocated based on utilization of facilities by the business segment. Noninterest expenses incurred by centrally managed operations or business segments that directly support another business segment s operations are charged to the applicable business segment based on its utilization of those services.  
  Income taxes are assessed to each business segment at a standard tax rate with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in Other.  
  Developing and applying methodologies used to allocate items among the business segments is a dynamic process. Accordingly, financial results may be revised periodically as management systems are enhanced, methods of evaluating performance or product lines change, or our organizational structure changes. 
  Consumer Banking 

(1)     Ratios for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 are presented on an annualized basis. 
   (2)     Ratio includes loans and leases held for sale. 
   (3)     Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for CET1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.  
  Consumer Banking net income of   $92 million     increased     $24 million  , or   35  %, from   $68 million   in third quarter 2015, as the benefit of a   $59 million     increase   in revenue and a $  7 million     decrease   in provision was partially offset by a   $27 million     increase   in noninterest expense.  
  Net interest income of   $621 million     increased     $65 million  , or   12%  , from third quarter 2015, driven by the benefit of a $  3.5 billion     increase   in average loans, reflecting growth in student, mortgage, consumer unsecured loans and auto loans as well as improved loan and deposit spreads.  
  
   84 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Noninterest income   decreased     $6 million  , or   3%  , from third quarter 2015 levels, as an increase in mortgage banking fees was more than offset by a reduction in card fees. 
  Noninterest expense of   $650 million     increased     $27 million  , or   4%  , from   $623 million   in third quarter 2015, driven by higher salaries and benefits given continued investments to drive growth. Results also reflect an increase in outside services, driven by continued product extension and the impact of operational and remediation notable items as well as increased fraud costs and software amortization expense.  
  Provision for credit losses of   $57 million     decreased     $7 million  , or   11  %, from   $64 million   in third quarter 2015, driven by lower net charge-offs in home equity.  
  Consumer Banking net income of   $253 million     increased     $58 million  , or   30%  , from $  195 million   in the first nine months of 2015, as the benefit of a   $143 million     increase   in revenue was partially offset by a   $66 million     increase   in noninterest expense.  
  Net interest income of   $1.8 billion     increased     $171 million  , or   10%   from the first nine months of 2015, driven by growth in student, mortgage and auto loans, improved loan yields which reflected the benefit of higher rates and improved mix as well as the benefit of growth in lower cost deposits. 
  Noninterest income   decreased     $28 million  , or   4%  , from the first nine months of 2015, driven by lower mortgage banking fees partially offset by higher service charges and fees. 
  Noninterest expense of   $1.9 billion     increased     $66 million  , or   4%  , from the first nine months of 2015, driven by higher outside services expense, salaries and benefits and equipment expense. 
  Provision for credit losses of   $169 million     decreased     $18 million  , or   10  %, from   $187 million   in the first nine months of 2015, driven by lower net charge-offs in home equity.  
  Commercial Banking 

(1)     Ratios for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 are presented on an annualized basis.  
   (2)     Ratio includes loans and leases held for sale. 
   (3)     Operating segments are allocated capital on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements. We approximate that regulatory capital is equivalent to a sustainable target level for CET1 and then allocate that approximation to the segments based on economic capital.  
  
   85 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Commercial Banking net income of   $162 million     increased     $17 million  , or   12%  , from   $145 million   in third quarter 2015, as a   $51 million     increase   in total revenue was partially offset by a   $6 million     increase   in noninterest expense and higher provision for credit losses.  
  Net interest income of   $327 million     increased     $28 million  , or   9%  , from   $299 million   in third quarter 2015, reflecting the benefit of a   $4.6 billion     increase   in average loans and leases, improved deposit spreads and a   $3.2 billion     increase   in average deposits.  
  Noninterest income of   $123 million     increased     $23 million  , or   23%  , from   $100 million   in third quarter 2015, reflecting strength in capital markets fees, service charges and fees, and interest rate products (presented in other income). 
  Noninterest expense of   $181 million     increased     $6 million  , or   3%  , from   $175 million   in third quarter 2015, largely reflecting an increase in salaries and employee benefits, FDIC insurance costs and amortization of software, partially offset by lower outside services expense.  
  Provision for credit losses of   $19 million     increased     $16 million   from third quarter 2015 levels, reflecting higher net charge-offs in the oil and gas portfolio.  
  Commercial Banking net income of   $459 million     increased     $32 million  , or   7%  , from   $427 million   in the first nine months of 2015, as the benefit of a   $116 million     increase   in total revenue was partially offset by a   $25 million     increase   in noninterest expense and a   $38 million     increase   in provision for credit losses.  
  Net interest income of   $941 million     increased     $80 million  , or   9%  , from   $861 million   in the first nine months of 2015, reflecting a   $4.3 billion     increase   in average loans and leases, improved deposit spreads, and a   $2.8 billion     increase   in deposits. 
  Noninterest income of   $344 million     increased     $36 million  , or   12%  , from the first nine months of 2015, reflecting strength in capital markets, service charges and fees and interest rate products. 
  Noninterest expense of   $554 million     increased     $25 million  , or   5%  , from   $529 million   in the first nine months of 2015, reflecting increased salaries and employee benefits and FDIC insurance costs and amortization of software.  
  Provision for credit losses of   $27 million     increased     $38 million   from the first nine months of 2015, driven by higher losses in the commercial loan portfolio largely related to commodity-related credits. 
    
  Other 

Other net income of   $43 million   increased from   $7 million   in third quarter 2015, driven by the net impact of $23 million in notable items and an income tax benefit, offset by higher noninterest expense. Noninterest income of $83 million increased $65  
  
   86 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

million from third quarter 2015, largely reflecting the TDR Transaction gain. Noninterest expense increased $36 million, driven by the impact of other notable items. 
  Other net income of   $51 million   increased from a   $3 million   net loss in the first nine months of 2015, driven by the net impact of notable items, restructuring charges and special items, lower noninterest expense, and income tax benefit, offset by an increase in provision for credit losses.  
  As mentioned previously, Other includes the non-core portfolio. Non-core assets totaled $3.0 billion as of September 30, 2016, an increase of $614 million, or 26%, compared to December 31, 2015. Retail non-core loan balances of $1.6 billion decreased $499 million, or 23%, compared to December 31, 2015. Commercial non-core loans of $1.1 billion increased $978 million compared to December 31, 2015. This increase was due to a $1.2 billion lease portfolio tied to legacy RBS aircraft leasing borrowers that we placed in runoff following a review of the Asset Finance business in third quarter 2016. This portfolio of largely investment-grade client aircraft leases do not meet go-forward business model strategic and risk-adjusted return parameters, and we plan to exit these non-strategic relationships. See   Overview  for further discussion of the residual value impairment. Given recent deterioration in aircraft values, along with the impact of exiting these client relationships, we believe the underlying residual value has been impaired.  

87 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Analysis of Financial Condition     September 30, 2016   Compared with   December 31, 2015    
   
  Loans and Leases 
  Our loans and leases are disclosed in portfolio segments and classes. Our loan and lease portfolio segments are commercial and retail. The classes of loans and leases are: commercial, commercial real estate, leases, residential mortgages, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, home equity loans serviced by others, home equity lines of credit serviced by others, automobile, student, credit cards and other retail. Our SBO portfolio consists of purchased home equity loans and lines that were originally serviced by others. We now service a portion of this portfolio internally. The following table shows the composition of loans and leases, including non-core loans, as of: 

(    1)    Excluded from the table above are loans held for sale totaling   $526 million   and   $365 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   (2)    Mortgage loans serviced for others by our subsidiaries are not included above, and amounted to   $17.4 billion   and   $17.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Total loans and leases of   $105.5 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  ,   increased     $6.4 billion  , or   6%  , from   $99.0 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  , reflecting growth in both commercial and retail products. Total commercial loans and leases of   $50.4 billion     grew     $4.2 billion  , or   9%  , from   $46.2 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  , reflecting commercial loan growth of   $3.2 billion   and commercial real estate loan growth of   $1.2 billion  . Total retail loans of   $55.1 billion     increased   by   $2.3 billion  , or   4%  , from   $52.8 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  , largely driven by a   $1.6 billion     increase   in student loans and a   $1.3 billion     increase   in residential mortgages, partially offset by lower home equity balances.  
  Loan purchases and sales, including loans held for sale, net of runoff of previously purchased loans, reduced loan growth in the first nine months of 2016 by $344 million. See Note 3  Loans and Leases  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report, for further information. 

88 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Non-Core Assets     
  The table below shows the composition of our non-core assets as of the dates indicated: 

Non-core assets are primarily loans and leases inconsistent with our strategic goals, generally as a result of geographic location, industry, product type or risk level. Between June 30, 2009 and   September 30, 2016  , the portfolio   decreased     $17.5 billion  , or   86%  , including principal repayments of   $10.7 billion  , charge-offs of   $3.9 billion  , transfers back to the core portfolio of   $2.8 billion  , and sales of   $1.3 billion  , partially offset by a third quarter 2016 transfer into non-core of   $1.2 billion  .  
  Non-core assets totaled   $3.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $614 million  , or   26%  , compared to   December 31, 2015  . Retail non-core loan balances of   $1.6 billion     decreased     $499 million  , or   23%  , compared to   December 31, 2015  . Commercial non-core loans of   $1.1 billion     increased     $978 million   compared to   December 31, 2015  . This increase was driven by the transfer of a $1.2 billion lease and loan portfolio tied to legacy RBS aircraft leasing borrowers that we placed in runoff following a review of the Asset Finance business in third quarter 2016. This portfolio of largely investment-grade client aircraft leases do not meet go-forward business model strategic and risk-adjusted return parameters, and we plan to exit these non-strategic relationships. These assets were designated as non-core and transferred to Other.  
    The largest component of our retail non-core portfolio is the home equity SBO portfolio, which totaled   $1.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.4 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  . The SBO portfolio is a liquidating portfolio consisting of pools of home equity loans and lines of credit purchased between 2003 and 2007. Although our SBO portfolio consists of loans that were initially serviced by others, we now service a portion of this portfolio internally. SBO balances serviced externally totaled   $551 million   and   $763 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The SBO portfolio has been closed to new purchases since the third quarter of 2007. The SBO portfolio represented   3%   of the retail real estate secured portfolio and   2%   of the overall retail loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  The credit profile of the SBO portfolio was weaker than the core real estate portfolio, with a weighted-average refreshed FICO score of   711   and CLTV of   89%   as of   September 30, 2016  . The proportion of the portfolio in a second lien position was   97%   with   71%   of the portfolio in out-of-footprint geographies including   27%   in California, Nevada, Arizona and Florida.  
  SBO net charge-offs of   $5 million   decreased   $2 million   compared to fourth quarter 2015. The SBO portfolio annualized net charge-off rate increased   one   basis point to   1.87%  , compared to   1.86%   in fourth quarter 2015, driven by balance liquidation. 
   
  Allowance for Credit Losses and Nonperforming Assets  
  We and our banking subsidiaries, CBNA and CBPA, maintain an allowance for credit losses, consisting of an ALLL and a reserve for unfunded lending commitments. This allowance is created through charges to income, specifically through the provision for credit loss account, and is maintained at an appropriate level adequate to absorb anticipated losses and is determined  
  
   89 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

in accordance with GAAP. For further information on our processes to determine our allowance for credit losses, see   Critical Accounting Estimates   Allowance for Credit Losses,  Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 4  Allowance for Credit Losses, Nonperforming Assets, and Concentrations of Credit Risk  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  The allowance for credit losses totaled   $1.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Our ALLL was   1.18%   of total loans and leases and   112%   of nonperforming loans and leases as of   September 30, 2016   compared with   1.23%   and   115%  , respectively, as of   December 31, 2015  . There were no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques compared with prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period s ALLL and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.  However, as part of the annual review of loss emergence periods, the incurred loss periods for retail property secured loans were extended. 
  Overall, loan portfolio credit quality remained relatively strong in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net charge-offs of   $231 million     increased     $24 million  , or   12%  , from   $207 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, driven by higher losses in the commercial loan portfolio largely related to commodity-related credits. Annualized net charge-offs of   0.30%   of average total loans and leases was relatively stable with   0.29%   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The 90 day or more past due delinquency rate was   0.9%   as of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Nonperforming loans and leases totaled   $1.1 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which was   1.05%   of the total loan and lease portfolio as of   September 30, 2016  , and   1.07%   of the total loan and lease portfolio as of   December 31, 2015  . 
  Commercial Loan Asset Quality  
  Our commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of traditional commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and leases. The portfolio is predominantly focused on customers in our footprint and adjacent states in which we have a physical presence where our local delivery model provides for strong client connectivity. However, we also do business in certain specialized industry sectors on a national basis. 
  For commercial loans and leases, we use regulatory classification ratings to monitor credit quality. Loans with a  pass  rating are those that we believe will be fully repaid in accordance with the contractual loan terms. Commercial loans and leases that are  criticized  are those that have some weakness that indicates an increased probability of future loss. See Note 4  Allowance for Credit Losses, Nonperforming Assets, and Concentrations of Credit Risk  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , nonperforming commercial loans and leases   increased     $248 million   to   $396 million  , compared to   $148 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , driven by a $193 million increase in nonperforming oil and gas industry loans following  negative guidance related to multi-tiered debt structures. As of   September 30, 2016  , total commercial nonperforming loans were   0.8%   of the commercial loan portfolio, compared to   0.3%   as of December 31, 2015  .   Total commercial loan and lease portfolio net charge-offs of $19 million in third quarter 2016 compared to net charge-offs of $5 million in third quarter 2015. 
  Total commercial criticized loans and leases portfolio of   $2.9 billion  , or   5.7%   of the portfolio compared to   $2.6 billion  , or   5.6%   at   December 31, 2015  . Commercial criticized balances were   $2.2 billion  , or   6.0%  , of commercial loans as of September 30, 2016, compared to   $2.0 billion  , or   6.0%  , as of   December 31, 2015  . Commercial real estate criticized balances of   $506 million  , or   5.0%  , of the commercial real estate portfolio compared to   $521 million  , or   5.8%  , as of   December 31, 2015  . Commercial criticized loans to total criticized loans of   76%   as of September 30, 2016 remained unchanged from   76%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Commercial real estate accounted for   18%   of criticized loans as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   20%   as of   December 31, 2015  .  
  Retail Loan Asset Quality  
  For retail loans, we primarily utilize payment and delinquency status to monitor credit quality. Historical experience indicates that the longer a loan is past due, the greater the likelihood of future credit loss. These credit quality indicators are continually updated and monitored. Our retail loan portfolio remains focused on lending across the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions, with continued geographic expansion outside the footprint primarily in the auto finance, student lending and unsecured portfolios. Retail assets increased   $2.3 billion   to   $55.1 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , a   4.3%     increase   from   December 31, 2015  , driven by growth in the student lending, other unsecured and residential mortgage portfolios, offset by a reduction in home equity.  
  The credit composition of our retail loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016   remained favorable and well-positioned across all product lines with an average refreshed FICO score of   758  , which was stable with   December 31, 2015   levels. The real estate secured portfolio CLTV ratio is calculated as the mortgage and second lien loan balance divided by the appraised value of the property and was   63%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   64%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Retail asset quality continued to improve with an annualized net charge-off rate (core and non-core) of   0.47%   in third quarter 2016, a decrease of   13   basis points from fourth quarter 2015, driven by broad improvement in home equity and seasonal improvement in the student portfolio. 
  
   90 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Nonperforming retail loans as a percentage of total retail loans were   1.3%   as of   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   40   basis points from   December 31, 2015  , driven primarily by the third quarter 2016 TDR Transaction and the reclassification of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government entities to accruing status in keeping with industry practice. Nonperforming balances at   September 30, 2016   excluded $48 million of government guaranteed loans. 
  Special Topics-HELOC Payment Shock  
  For further information regarding the possible HELOC payment shock, see   Key Factors Affecting Our Business   HELOC Payment Shock.   
  Troubled Debt Restructurings  
  TDR is the classification given to a loan that has been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial hardship that we would not otherwise make. TDRs typically result from our loss mitigation efforts and are undertaken in order to improve the likelihood of recovery and continuity of the relationship. Our loan modifications are handled on a case by case basis and are negotiated to achieve mutually agreeable terms that maximize loan collectability and meet our borrower s financial needs. The types of concessions include interest rate reductions, term extensions, principal forgiveness and other modifications to the structure of the loan that fall outside our lending policy. Depending on the specific facts and circumstances of the customer, restructuring can involve loans moving to nonaccrual, remaining on nonaccrual, or remaining on accrual status.     As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $812 million   of retail loans were classified as retail TDRs, compared with   $1.2 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  . The decrease was driven by the third quarter 2016 sale of   $310 million   of retail TDRs, including   $255 million   of residential mortgages and   $55 million   of home equity loans. As of third quarter 2016,   $260 million   of retail TDRs were in nonaccrual status of which   62%   were current with payments compared to $379 million of retail TDRs at fourth quarter 2015 with 51% current on payments. TDRs generally return to accrual status once repayment capacity and appropriate payment history can be established. TDRs are evaluated for impairment individually. Loans are classified as TDRs until paid off, sold or refinanced at market terms.  
  For additional information regarding TDRs, see   Critical Accounting Estimates   Allowance for Credit Losses,  and Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 4  Allowance for Credit Losses, Nonperforming Assets, and Concentrations of Credit Risk  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  The tables that follow present an aging of our retail TDRs:  

91 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The tables that follow present the accrual status of our retail TDRs:  

92 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Securities 
  Our securities portfolio is managed to maintain prudent levels of liquidity, credit quality, and market risk, while achieving appropriate returns. The following table presents our securities AFS and HTM:  

As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the AFS and HTM securities portfolio increased   $1.7 billion   to   $24.9 billion  , compared with   $23.2 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  , driven by an increase in market value due to a decline in interest rates and net purchases of $1.3 billion in securities that were bought for liquidity management purposes.  
  As of September 30, 2016, the portfolio s average effective duration was 2.7 years compared with 3.5 years as of December 31, 2015, largely reflecting the impact of an increase in prepayment speeds due to lower long term rates. The reduction in securities duration was most pronounced in the first quarter 2016 as interest rates declined significantly in this period. We proactively manage the combination of securities duration, swap positions, and borrowed funds. Refer to   Market Risk   Non-Trading Risk  for more information. 
  The securities portfolio includes high-quality, highly-liquid investments reflecting our ongoing commitment to maintaining appropriate contingent liquidity levels and pledging capacity. U.S. government-guaranteed notes and government-sponsored entity-issued mortgage-backed securities represents the vast majority of the securities portfolio holdings. The portfolio composition is also dominated by holdings backed by mortgages to facilitate our ability to pledge them to the FHLBs. This has become increasingly important due to the enhanced liquidity requirements of the liquidity coverage ratio. For further discussion of the liquidity coverage ratios, see  Regulation and Supervision   Liquidity Standards  in Part I   Business, included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  
   93 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Deposits 
  The table below presents the major components of our deposits: 

Total deposits as of   September 30, 2016     increased     $5.8 billion   to   $108.3 billion  , compared to   $102.5 billion  , as growth in checking with interest, money market products, term deposits and savings was partially offset by a decrease in demand deposits.  

Borrowed Funds 
  Short-term borrowed funds 
  A summary of our short-term borrowed funds is presented below:   

  Short-term borrowed funds of   $3.4 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , decreased   $20 million   from   December 31, 2015  , reflecting an   $118 million   decline in other short-term borrowed funds (primarily short-term FHLB advances) partially offset by a   $95 million   increase in Fed funds purchased and a   $3 million   increase in customer repurchase agreements. 
       As of   September 30, 2016  , our total contingent liquidity was   $24.2 billion  , consisting of   $1.9 billion   in net cash at the FRB (which is defined as excess cash balances held at the FRBs),   $19.2 billion   in unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities, and   $3.1 billion   in unused FHLB borrowing capacity. Asset liquidity, a component of contingent liquidity, consisting of excess cash balances at the FRB and unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities, was   $21.1 billion  . Additionally,   $11.9 billion   in secured Discount Window capacity from the FRBs created total available liquidity of approximately   $36.1 billion  . 
  
   94 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Key data related to short-term borrowed funds is presented in the following table:    

  Note: Balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. Interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements, but excludes certain hedging costs and broker fees. 
  Long-term borrowed funds 
  A summary of our long-term borrowed funds is presented below:   

Note: The   September 30, 2016   balances above reflect the impact of unamortized deferred issuance costs and discounts. See Note 7  Borrowed Funds  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
    
  On July 28, 2016, we issued   $350 million   of   2.375%   fixed-rate senior notes due 2021, and used the net proceeds and available cash to repurchase   $500 million   of our subordinated notes. Specifically, we retired $334 million of our 4.082% subordinated notes due 2025 and $166 million of our 4.023% subordinated notes due 2024.  
  On December 3, 2015, we repurchased   $750 million   of outstanding subordinated debt instruments. The   $3 million   difference between the repurchase price and the net carrying amount of the subordinated debt was recognized as a gain on  
  
   95 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

extinguishment of the debt. To fund the repurchase, we issued   $750 million   of new subordinated debt with a   4.300%   fixed rate and a ten year maturity. 
  On July 31, 2015, we issued $250 million of subordinated debt with a 4.350% fixed rate and a ten year maturity. On August 3, 2015, we used the net proceeds of this issuance to repurchase 9,615,384 shares of our common stock. 
    Long-term borrowed funds of   $11.9 billion   as of   September 30, 2016     increased     $2.0 billion   from   December 31, 2015  , primarily driven by a   $2.1 billion   increase in senior bank debt and an increase of $546 million in long-term FHLB borrowings, offset by a reduction of $620 million in subordinated debt. Access to additional funding through repurchase agreements, collateralized borrowed funds or asset sales continues to be available. Additionally, capacity remains to grow deposits or issue senior or subordinated notes.  

Derivatives 
  We use pay-fixed swaps to hedge floating rate wholesale funding and to offset duration in fixed-rate assets. Notional balances on wholesale funding hedges totaled   $4.5 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $5.0 billion   as of December 31, 2015. Pay-fixed rates on the swaps ranged from   1.96%   to   4.30%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . As of September 30, 2016, we received the daily federal funds effective rate on a   $500 million   notional position, which matures in October 2016, while the remaining   $4.0 billion   are forward starting positions which begin accruing interest starting in January 2017 and later periods. At December 31, 2015 we also had a   $500 million   hedge of forecasted term debt issuance at a   1.82%   pay fixed rate which was unwound in July 2016. 
   We use receive-fixed swaps to minimize the exposure to variability in the interest cash flows on our floating rate assets, and to hedge market risk on fixed rate capital markets debt issuances. At   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , the notional amount of receive-fixed swap hedges totaled   $12.9 billion   and   $11.3 billion  , respectively. The fixed-rate ranges were   0.88%   to   2.04%   and   0.77%   to   2.05%  , respectively. We paid one-month and three-month LIBOR on these swaps. 
  In third quarter 2016, we entered into $2.9 billion five-year receive-fixed interest rate swap designed to hedge the interest-rate exposure on floating rate commercial loans and modestly reduce longer-term net interest income sensitivity. We receive fixed at rates ranging from 0.88% to 1.07% on the agreements and pay one month LIBOR. 
  In July 2016, we unwound $1 billion in swaps related to a subordinated debt buy back, comprised of a $500 million fair value hedge of the notes bought back, and $500 million hedging the forecast senior debt issuance used to retire the debt. 
  In June 2016, we entered into a $500 million five-year receive-fixed interest rate swap designed to hedge the interest-rate exposure on floating rate commercial loans and modestly reduce longer-term net interest income sensitivity. We receive a fixed rate of 1.09% on the agreement and pay one month LIBOR. 
  In March and May 2016, we entered into receive-fixed interest-rate swaps totaling $750 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, to manage the interest rate exposure on a medium term debt issued in the same months. These agreements converted the fixed-rate debt coupon to three-month LIBOR based floating funding. We receive a fixed rate of 1.06% and 1.17%, respectively, on the swap agreements and pay three month LIBOR. 
  In February 2016, we terminated $3.0 billion of two-year original term receive-fixed interest rate swaps that hedged the interest rate exposure on floating rate commercial loans. The transaction resulted in a $13 million gain which will be amortized over the remaining life of the swap. 
  We also sell interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards to commercial customers. Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts are transacted to effectively minimize our market risk associated with the customer derivative contracts. The assets and liabilities recorded for derivatives not designated as hedges reflect the market value of these transactions. 
  
   96 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The table below presents our derivative assets and liabilities. For additional information regarding our derivative instruments, see Note 11  Derivatives  in our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 

(1)    The notional or contractual amount of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts is the amount upon which interest and other payments under the contract are based. For interest rate derivatives, the notional amount is typically not exchanged. Therefore, notional amounts should not be taken as the measure of credit or market risk as they do not measure the true economic risk of these contracts. 
   (2)    Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow us to settle positive and negative positions. 
   (3)    We also offset assets and liabilities associated with repurchase agreements on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 2  Securities  in our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the overall derivative asset value increased   $477 million   and the liability balance increased by   $355 million   from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to decreased fixed interest rates at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Capital  
  As a bank holding company and a financial holding company, we are subject to regulation and supervision by the FRBG. Our primary subsidiaries are our two insured depository institutions, CBNA, a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the OCC, and CBPA, a Pennsylvania-charted savings bank regulated by the Department of Banking of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and supervised by the FDIC as its primary federal regulator.  
  In July 2013, the FRB, OCC and FDIC issued the U.S. Basel III final rules. The rules implement the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s Basel III capital framework and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including the Collins Amendment. The U.S. Basel III final rules substantially revised the risk-based capital and leverage requirements applicable to bank holding companies and their insured depository institution subsidiaries, CBNA and CBPA. The U.S. Basel III final rules became effective for us and our depository institution subsidiaries, CBNA and CBPA, on January 1, 2015 (subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions). 
  The U.S. Basel III final rules, among other things, (i) introduced a new capital measure called CET1, (ii) specified that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and  Additional Tier 1 capital  instruments meeting certain revised requirements, (iii) defined CET1 narrowly by requiring that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital, and (iv) expanded the scope of the deductions/adjustments to capital as compared to existing regulations.  
  The U.S. Basel III final rules also introduced a new capital conservation buffer ( CCB ), composed entirely of CET1, on top of three minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 at the 0.625% level and will increase by 0.625% on each subsequent January 1, until the buffer reaches its fully phased in level of 2.5% on January 1, 2019. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets below the effective minimum (4.5% plus the applicable capital conservation buffer) will be subject to constraints on capital distributions, including dividends,  repurchases and certain executive compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Under the U.S. Basel III transitional rules, the effective minimum capital ratios as of January 1, 2016 were: 
     
   97 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

4.000% Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the  leverage ratio ). The minimum leverage ratio of 4% is not impacted by the capital conservation buffer. 
     Under the U.S. Basel III fully phased-in rules, the effective minimum capital ratios as of January 1, 2019 will be: 
              
    8.5% Tier 1 capital (CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets (minimum 6% plus 2.5% CCB); and 
                
    10.5% Total capital (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets (minimum 8% plus 2.5% CCB). 
     The U.S. Basel III final rules also provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that certain deferred tax assets and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10% of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15% of CET1. Implementation of the deductions and other adjustments to CET1 began on January 1, 2015 and will be phased-in over a 4-year period (beginning at 40% on January 1, 2015 and an additional 20% per year thereafter). 
  The U.S. Basel III final rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expanded the risk-weighting categories from the general risk-based capital rules to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0% for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600% for certain equity exposures, and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. 
  With respect to CBNA and CBPA, the U.S. Basel III final rules also revise the  prompt corrective action  regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 
  The table below presents our actual regulatory capital ratios under Basel III Transitional rules as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . In addition, the table includes pro forma Basel III ratios as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , after full phase-in of all requirements to which we will be subject by   January 1, 2019  . Based on both current and fully phased-in Basel III requirements, all ratios remain well above current and future Basel III minima:  

(1)     Fully phased-in regulatory capital ratios are Key Performance Metrics. For more information on the computation of these Key Performance Metrics, see       Principal Components of Operations and Key Performance Metrics Used By Management - Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  
   (2)      Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  represents CET1 divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (3)     Tier 1 capital ratio  is tier 1 capital, which includes CET1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
   (4)     Total capital ratio  is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (5)     Tier 1 leverage ratio  is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (6)       Minimum Capital ratio  for 2016 includes capital conservation buffer of 0.625%. 
    
  Standardized Approach  
    The Basel III Standardized approach measures risk-weighted assets primarily for market risk and credit risk exposures. Exposures subject to market risk are measured on a basis generally consistent with how market risk risk-weighted assets were measured using the Basel 2.5 market risk rules. Refer to   Market Risk   Market Risk Regulatory Capital,  for further  
  
   98 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

information. We apply the Basel III standardized approach, as defined by the U.S. regulators, for determining the assignment of risk-weighted assets. Under the Standardized approach no distinction is made for variations in credit quality for corporate exposures. Additionally, the economic benefit of collateral is restricted to a limited list of eligible securities and cash. We estimate our common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Basel III Standardized approach, on a fully phased-in basis, to be   11.3%   at   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we estimated that our Basel III Standardized common equity tier 1 capital would be   $13.8 billion   and total risk-weighted assets would be   $121.8 billion  , on a fully-phased in basis. Our estimates under the Basel III Standardized approach may be refined over time because of further rulemaking or clarification by U.S. banking regulators or as our understanding and interpretation of the rules evolve. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.  
  A reconciliation of Basel III Standardized Transitional approach to Basel III Standardized estimates on a fully-phased in basis for common equity tier 1 capital, total capital and risk-weighted assets, see the following table. 

(1)     Fully phased-in regulatory capital ratios are Key Performance Metrics. For more information on the computation of these Key Performance Metrics, see       Principal Components of Operations and Key Performance Metrics Used By Management - Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  
   (2)      Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  represents CET1 divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (3)     Total capital ratio  is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach. 
    
  Regulatory Capital Ratios and Capital Composition 
    CET1 capital under Basel III Standardized Transitional rules was   $13.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $374 million   from   $13.4 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to net income and amortization of deferred tax related to goodwill for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , net of the repurchase of 11.1 million shares of common stock and dividends paid to stockholders. At   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately $247 million of additional tier 1 capital, reflecting the capital value after issuance costs of the 5.500% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, issued on April 6, 2015. Tier 1 capital at   September 30, 2016   was   $14.0 billion  , an increase of $  374 million   from   $13.6 billion   at December 31, 2015. Total capital was   $17.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $215 million   from   December 31, 2015   driven primarily by the redemption of subordinated debt, repurchase of 11.1 million shares of common stock and dividends paid to stockholders offset by net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Risk-weighted assets based on Basel III Standardized Transitional rules at   September 30, 2016   were   $121.6 billion  , an increase of   $7.5 billion   as compared to   December 31, 2015  . The primary drivers for this change were growth in commercial, commercial real estate and student loan exposures. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the tier 1 leverage ratio decreased approximately   33   basis points to 10.1% from 10.5% as of   December 31, 2015  . This decline reflected the net impact of an   $8.0 billion   increase in adjusted quarterly average total assets, which drove a   61   basis point decline in the ratio, and the previously noted increase in tier 1 capital, which added   28   basis points to the ratio. 
  
   99 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The following table presents our capital composition under the Basel III capital framework in effect at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(1)        As a Basel III Standardized approach institution, we selected the one-time election to opt out of the requirements to include all the components of AOCI.  
    
  Capital Adequacy Process 
  Our assessment of capital adequacy begins with our risk appetite and risk management framework. This framework provides for the identification, measurement and management of material risks. Capital requirements are determined for actual and forecasted risk portfolios using applicable regulatory capital methodologies. The assessment also considers the possible impacts of approved and proposed regulatory changes that will or may apply to future periods. Key analytical frameworks, which enable the comprehensive assessment of capital adequacy versus unexpected loss, supplement our base case forecast. These supplemental frameworks include integrated stress testing, as well as an internal capital adequacy requirement that builds on internally assessed economic capital requirements. A robust governance framework supports our capital planning process. This process includes capital management policies and procedures that document capital adequacy metrics and limits, as well as our comprehensive capital contingency plan and the active engagement of both the legal-entity boards and senior management in oversight and decision-making.  
  Forward-looking assessments of capital adequacy for us and for our banking subsidiaries feed development of capital plans that are submitted to the FRBG and other bank regulators. We prepare these plans in full compliance with the FRBG s Capital Plan Rule and we participate annually in the FRBG s extensive CCAR review process. In addition to the stress test requirements under CCAR, we also participate in semiannual stress tests required by the Dodd-Frank Act.  
  In April 2016, we submitted our 2016 Capital Plan to the Federal Reserve under the annual CCAR process. On  June 29, 2016, the FRBG indicated that it did not object to our 2016 Capital Plan or to our proposed capital actions in the period beginning July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017. Our 2016 Capital Plan includes quarterly common dividends of $0.12 per share through the end of 2016, a potential 17% increase to quarterly common dividends to $0.14 per share in 2017, and a share repurchase plan of up to $690 million through the second quarter of 2017.  
    
  All distributions proposed under our 2016 Capital Plan are subject to consideration and approval by the CFG s Board of Directors prior to execution. The timing and exact amount of dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance and market conditions. For fourth quarter 2016, CFG s Board of Directors has approved a common dividend of $0.12 per share and the continuation of our share repurchase plan.  All of these actions were included in our 2016 Capital Plan to which the Federal Reserve indicated no objection.  
  
   100 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Capital Transactions 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we completed the following capital actions: 
             
    Declared quarterly common stock dividends of $0.10 per share for the first quarter of 2016 and $0.12 per share for each of the second and third quarters of 2016, aggregating to dividend payments of approximately $179 million; 
                    
    Repurchased 11.1 million shares of common stock reducing regulatory capital by $250 million. 
     At   September 30, 2016  , all regulatory ratios remained well above their respective fully phased-in Basel III minimum plus the capital conservation buffer for the risk-based ratios. Fully phased-in regulatory capital ratios are Key Performance Metrics. For more information on the computation of these Key Performance Metrics, see   Principal Components of Operations and Key Performance Metrics Used By Management   Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures . 
  Banking Subsidiaries  Capital 
    The following table presents our banking subsidiaries  capital ratios under Basel III Standardized Transitional rules as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)       Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  represents CET1 divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (2)     Tier 1 capital ratio  is tier 1 capital, which includes CET1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (3)     Total capital ratio  is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
   (4)     Tier 1 leverage ratio  is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under Basel III Standardized approach.  
  CBNA CET1 capital under Basel III Standardized Transitional rules was   $11.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $398 million   from   $10.8 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to net income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , net of common stock dividends. At   September 30, 2016  , CBNA held minimal additional tier 1 capital. Total capital was   $13.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $212 million   driven primarily by the increase in CET1 capital net of the redemption of subordinated debt. 
  CBNA risk-weighted assets based on Basel III Standardized Transitional rules at   September 30, 2016   were   $98.2 billion  , an increase of   $6.5 billion   compared to   December 31, 2015  . The primary drivers for this change were the growth in commercial, student, auto and personal loans. 
  
   101 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the CBNA tier 1 leverage ratio decreased approximately   23   basis points to 10.5% from 10.7% as of   December 31, 2015  , driven by an increase in adjusted quarterly average total assets of   $6.0 billion   resulting in a   62   basis point decline in the ratio, partially offset by a   39   basis point increase for higher CET1 capital described above. 
  CBPA CET1 capital under Basel III Standardized Transitional rules was   $3.1 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $66 million   from   $3.0 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and amortization of deferred tax assets related to goodwill, net of common stock dividends.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , there was no additional tier 1 capital. Total capital was   $3.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $233 million   driven primarily by the redemption of subordinated debt offset by an increase in CET1 capital.  
  CBPA risk-weighted assets based on Basel III Standardized Transitional rules at   September 30, 2016   were   $24.0 billion  , an increase of   $804 million   as compared to   December 31, 2015  . The primary drivers for this change were growth in commercial, commercial real estate and student loan exposures. These increases were partially offset by decreases in both the residential mortgage and home equity loans. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the CBPA tier 1 leverage ratio decreased approximately   27   basis points to 8.9% from 9.1% as of   December 31, 2015  , driven by an increase in adjusted quarterly average total assets of   $1.8 billion   resulting in a   47   basis point decline in the ratio, partially offset by a   20   basis point increase resulting from higher CET1 capital described above. 

Liquidity  
  We define liquidity as an institution s ability to meet its cash-flow and collateral obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. An institution must maintain current liquidity to meet its expected daily and forecasted cash-flow requirements, as well as contingent liquidity to meet unexpected (stress scenario) funding requirements. As noted earlier, reflecting the importance of meeting all unexpected and stress-scenario funding requirements, we separately identify and manage contingent liquidity (consisting of excess cash balances at the FRB, unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities, and unused FHLB borrowing capacity) and asset liquidity (a component of contingent liquidity, consisting of excess cash balances at the FRB and unencumbered high-quality securities). We consider the effective and prudent management of liquidity to be fundamental to our health and strength.  
  We manage liquidity at the consolidated enterprise level and at each material legal entity, including us, CBNA and CBPA. 
  CFG Liquidity  
  Our primary sources of cash are (i) dividends and interest received from our banking subsidiaries as a result of investing in bank equity and subordinated debt and (ii) externally issued senior and subordinated debt. Our uses of liquidity include the following: (i) routine cash flow requirements as a bank holding company, including payments of dividends, interest and expenses; (ii) needs of subsidiaries, including our banking subsidiaries, for additional equity and, as required, their needs for debt financing; and (iii) extraordinary requirements for cash.  
  During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we utilized $350 million in proceeds from the sale of senior notes and $275 million in excess cash to repurchase the entire $334 million of our 4.082% Subordinated Notes and $291 million of our 4.023% Subordinated Notes. 
  Our cash and cash equivalents represent a source of liquidity that can be used to meet various needs. As of   September 30, 2016  , we held cash and cash equivalents of approximately   $591 million  , which should be viewed as a liquidity reserve.  
  Our liquidity risk is low for the following reasons: (i) we have no material non-banking subsidiaries, and our banking subsidiaries are self-funding; (ii) the capital structures of our banking subsidiaries are similar to our capital structure. As of   September 30, 2016  , our double leverage ratio (the combined equity of our subsidiaries divided by our equity) was   101.8%  ; and, (iii) our other cash flow requirements, such as operating expenses, are relatively small.  
  Banking Subsidiaries  Liquidity  
  In the ordinary course of business, the liquidity of CBNA and CBPA is managed by matching sources and uses of cash. The primary sources of bank liquidity include (i) deposits from our consumer and commercial franchise customers; (ii) payments of principal and interest on loans and debt securities; and (iii) wholesale borrowings, as needed, and as described under   Liquidity Risk Management and Governance.  The primary uses of bank liquidity include (i) withdrawals and maturities of deposits; (ii) payment of interest on deposits; (iii) funding of loan commitments; and (iv) funding of securities purchases. To the extent that the banks have relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest.  
  Our banking subsidiaries  major businesses involve taking deposits and making loans. Hence, a key role of liquidity management is to ensure that customers have timely access to funds from deposits and loans. Liquidity management also involves  
  
   102 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

maintaining sufficient liquidity to repay wholesale borrowings, pay operating expenses and support extraordinary funding requirements when necessary.  
  From an external issuance perspective, during 2014, we created a $3.0 billion Global Note Program for CBNA. This debt represents a key source of unsecured, term, and stable funding, further diversifies the funding sources of CBNA, and creates a more peer-like funding structure for the consolidated enterprise. On March 14, 2016, we increased the size of this program from $3.0 billion to $5.0 billion. Also, on March 14, 2016, CBNA issued $750 million in three-year fixed-rate senior notes, and on May 13, 2016, CBNA issued $1.0 billion in five-year fixed-rate senior notes. On December 3, 2015, CBNA issued $750 million in three-year fixed-rate senior notes, and on December 4, 2014, CBNA issued $1.5 billion in fixed-rate senior notes, consisting of $750 million of three-year notes and $750 million in five-year notes.  
  Liquidity Risk  
  We define liquidity risk as the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its payment obligations in a timely manner. We manage liquidity risk at the consolidated enterprise level, and for each material legal entity including us, CBNA and CBPA. Liquidity risk can arise due to contingent liquidity risk and/or funding liquidity risk.  
  Contingent liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions may reduce an entity s ability to liquidate, pledge and/or finance certain assets and thereby substantially reduce the liquidity value of such assets. Drivers of contingent liquidity risk include general market disruptions as well as specific issues regarding the credit quality and/or valuation of a security or loan, issuer or borrower and/or asset class.  
  Funding liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions and/or entity-specific events may reduce an entity s ability to raise funds from depositors and/or wholesale market counterparties. Drivers of funding liquidity risk may be idiosyncratic or systemic, reflecting impediments to operations and/or undermining of market confidence.  
  Factors Affecting Liquidity 
  Given the composition of their assets and borrowing sources, contingent liquidity risk at both CBNA and CBPA would be materially affected by such events as deterioration of financing markets for high-quality securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities and other instruments issued by the GNMA, FNMA and the FHLMC), by any inability of the FHLBs to provide collateralized advances, and/or by a refusal of the FRB to act as lender of last resort in systemic stress. Similarly, given the structure of their balance sheets, the funding liquidity risk of CBNA and CBPA would be materially affected by an adverse idiosyncratic event (e.g., a major loss, causing a perceived or actual deterioration in its financial condition), an adverse systemic event (e.g., default or bankruptcy of a significant capital markets participant), or a combination of both (e.g., the financial crisis of 2008-2010). However, during the financial crisis, our banking subsidiaries reduced their dependence on unsecured wholesale funding to virtually zero. Consequently, and despite ongoing exposure to a variety of idiosyncratic and systemic events, we view our contingent liquidity risk and our funding liquidity risk to be relatively modest. 

103 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

An additional variable affecting our access, and the access of our banking subsidiaries, to unsecured wholesale market funds and to large denomination (i.e., uninsured) customer deposits is the credit ratings assigned by such agencies as Moody s, Standard   Poor s and Fitch. The following table presents our credit ratings:  
                                  
    September 30, 2016 
             
    Moody s     
      
    Standard and 
  Poor s 
      
    Fitch     
                  Citizens Financial Group, Inc.: 

Long-term issuer 
    NR 
      
    BBB+ 
      
    BBB+ 
           Short-term issuer 
    NR 
      
    A-2 
      
    F2 
           Subordinated debt 
    NR 
      
    BBB 
      
    BBB 
           Preferred Stock 
    NR 
      
    BB+ 
      
    BB- 
           Citizens Bank, N.A.: 

Long-term issuer 
    Baa1 
      
    A- 
      
    BBB+ 
           Short-term issuer 
    P-2 
      
    A-2 
      
    F2 
           Long-term deposits 
    A1 
      
    NR 
      
    A- 
           Short-term deposits 
    P-1 
      
    NR 
      
    F2 
           Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania: 

Long-term issuer 
    Baa1 
      
    A- 
      
    BBB+ 
           Short-term issuer 
    P-2 
      
    A-2 
      
    F2 
           Long-term deposits 
    A1 
      
    NR 
      
    A- 
           Short-term deposits 
    P-1 
      
    NR 
      
    F2 
              NR = Not rated 

Changes in our public credit ratings could affect both the cost and availability of our wholesale funding. As a result and in order to maintain a conservative funding profile, our banking subsidiaries continue to minimize reliance on unsecured wholesale funding. At   September 30, 2016  , the majority of wholesale funding consisted of secured borrowings from the FHLBs collateralized by high-quality residential mortgages.  
  Existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements represent another key driver of systemic liquidity conditions and liquidity management practices. The FRBG, the OCC, and the FDIC regularly evaluate our liquidity as part of the overall supervisory process, and the U.S. version of the LCR was effective for us beginning January 2016.  
  The LCR was developed to ensure banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. In September 2014, the U.S. federal banking regulators published the final rule to implement the LCR. This rule also introduced a modified version of the LCR in the United States, which generally applies to BHCs not active internationally (institutions with less than $10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposure), with total assets of greater than $50 billion but less than $250 billion. Under this definition, we are designated as a modified LCR company. As compared to the Basel Committee s version of the LCR, the version of the LCR issued by the U.S. federal banking regulators includes a narrower definition of high-quality liquid assets, different prescribed cash inflow and outflow assumptions for certain types of instruments and transactions and a shorter phase-in schedule that began on January 1, 2015 and ends on January 1, 2017. Notably, as a modified LCR company, we were required to be 90% compliant beginning in January 2016, and 100% compliant beginning in January 2017. Achieving sustainable LCR compliance may require changes in the size and/or composition of our investment portfolio, the configuration of our discretionary wholesale funding portfolio, and our average cash position. We have been fully compliant with the LCR since its January 2016 effective date, up through and including   September 30, 2016  . 
  The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to implement a modified NSFR for certain bank holding companies with more than $50 billion but less than $250 billion in assets and with less than $10 billion in on-balance sheet foreign exposures. Under this definition, we would be designated as a modified NSFR company. The NSFR is one of the two Basel III-based liquidity measures, along with the LCR, and is designed to promote medium- and long-term stable funding of the assets and off-balance sheet activities of banks and bank holding companies over a one-year time horizon.  Generally consistent with the Basel Committee s framework, under the proposed rule banking organizations would be required to hold an amount of available stable funding ( ASF ) over a one-year time horizon that equals or exceeds the institution s amount of required stable funding ( RSF ), with the ASF representing the numerator and the RSF representing the denominator of the NSFR. Banking organizations subject to the modified NSFR would multiply the RSF amount by 70%, such that the RSF amount required for these companies would be equivalent to 70% of the RSF amount that would be required pursuant to the full NSFR generally applicable to institutions with more than $250 billion in total assets or $10 billion or more in on-balance sheet foreign exposures under the proposed rule. The proposed rule includes detailed descriptions of the items that would comprise ASF and  
  
   104 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

RSF and standardized factors that would apply to ASF and RSF items, and would require any institution whose applicable modified NSFR falls under 100% to notify the appropriate federal regulator and develop a remediation plan.  
  We are currently evaluating the impact of the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies  NSFR framework. If ultimately adopted as currently proposed, the implementation of the NSFR could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future. 
  We continue to review and monitor these liquidity requirements to develop appropriate implementation plans and liquidity strategies. We expect to be fully compliant with the final rules on or prior to the applicable effective date.  
  Liquidity Risk Management and Governance  
  Liquidity risk is measured and managed by the Funding and Liquidity Unit within our Treasury unit in accordance with policy guidelines promulgated by our Board and the Asset and Liability Management Committee. In managing liquidity risk, the Funding and Liquidity Unit delivers regular and comprehensive reporting, including current levels versus threshold limits for a broad set of liquidity metrics and early warning indicators, explanatory commentary relating to emerging risk trends and, as appropriate, recommended remedial strategies.  
  The mission of our Funding and Liquidity Unit is to deliver and otherwise maintain prudent levels of operating liquidity (to support expected and projected funding requirements), contingent liquidity (to support unexpected funding requirements resulting from idiosyncratic, systemic, and combination stress events), and regulatory liquidity (to address current and emerging requirements such as the LCR and the NSFR). Additionally, we will deliver this liquidity from stable funding sources, in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost, without significant adverse consequences.  
  We seek to accomplish this mission by funding loans with stable deposits; by prudently controlling dependence on wholesale funding, particularly short-term unsecured funding; and by maintaining ample available liquidity, including a sufficient liquidity buffer of unencumbered high-quality loans and securities. As of   September 30, 2016  :  
             
    Core deposits, including loans and deposits held for sale, continued to be our primary source of funding and our consolidated period end loan-to-deposit ratio was   97.8%  ;  
                
    Our net overnight position (which is defined as cash balance held at the Federal Reserve Banks less any overnight borrowings) totaled   $1.9 billion  ;  
                
    Contingent liquidity was   $24.2 billion  , consisting of our net overnight position (defined above) of   $1.9 billion  , unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities of   $19.2 billion  , and unused FHLB capacity of   $3.1 billion  . Asset liquidity (a component of contingent liquidity) was $21.1 billion consisting of our net overnight position of   $1.9 billion   and unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities of   $19.2 billion  ; and 
                
    Available discount window capacity, defined as available total borrowing capacity from the FRB based on identified collateral, is secured by non-mortgage commercial and consumer loans and totaled   $11.9 billion  . Use of this borrowing capacity would likely be considered only during exigent circumstances.  
     The Funding and Liquidity Unit monitors a variety of liquidity and funding early warning indicators and metrics, including specific risk thresholds and limits. The early warning indicators include both the internal and external environment, providing both an inside-out and an outside-in risk perspective. The metrics are broadly classified as follows:  
             
    Current liquidity sources and capacities, including excess cash at the FRBs, free and liquid securities and available and secured FHLB borrowing capacity;  
                
    Contingent or stressed liquidity, including idiosyncratic, systemic and combined stress scenarios, in addition to evolving regulatory requirements such as the LCR and the NSFR; and 
                
    Current and prospective exposures, including secured and unsecured wholesale funding and spot and cumulative cash-flow gaps across a variety of horizons; 
     Further, certain of these metrics are monitored for each of us, our banking subsidiaries, and for our consolidated enterprise on a daily basis, including net overnight position, unencumbered securities, internal liquidity, and available FHLB borrowing capacity. In order to identify emerging trends and risks and inform funding decisions, specific metrics are also forecasted over a one-year horizon.  
  Money-fund reform and other factors have incrementally increased borrowing rates for short-term and unsecured bank liabilities.  However, our utilization of unsecured and short-term wholesale funding continues to be de minimis, given our significant portfolio of high quality liquid assets, our access to alternative funding sources including the FHLBs and the long-term capital markets, and our strong franchise deposit base. 
  
   105 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Cash flows from operating activities contributed   $1.2 billion   in the first nine months of 2016. Net cash used by investing activities was   $8.7 billion  , primarily reflecting a net increase in loans and leases of   $6.7 billion   and securities available for sale portfolio purchases of   $4.8 billion  , partially offset by proceeds from maturities, paydowns and sales of securities available for sale of   $3.4 billion  . Cash provided by financing activities was   $7.3 billion  , driven by net increase in deposits of   $5.8 billion  , and proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowed funds of   $9.6 billion  , partially offset by a net decrease in other short-term borrowed funds of   $1.6 billion  , and repayments of long-term borrowed funds of   $6.1 billion  . The $9.6 billion proceeds included $2.1 billion  from issuances of medium term debt and $7.5 billion in FHLB advances. The $6.1 billion of repayments includes $5.5 billion in repayments of FHLB advances and $625 million paid to repurchase subordinated debt. These activities represented a cumulative decrease in cash and cash equivalents of   $170 million  , which, when added to the cash and cash equivalents balance of   $3.1 billion   at the beginning of the year, resulted in an ending balance of cash and cash equivalents of   $2.9 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  In the first nine months of 2015, our operating activities contributed   $831 million   in net cash. Net cash used by investing activities was   $4.2 billion  , primarily reflecting net securities available for sale portfolio purchases of   $5.4 billion   and a net increase in loans and leases of   $4.3 billion  , partially offset by proceeds from maturities, paydowns and sales of securities available for sale of   $5.8 billion  . Cash provided by financing activities was   $1.8 billion  , driven by a net increase in deposits of   $6.2 billion  . These activities represented a cumulative decrease in cash and cash equivalents of   $1.5 billion  , which, when added to the cash and cash equivalents balance of   $3.3 billion   at the beginning of 2015, resulted in an ending balance of cash and cash equivalents of   $1.8 billion   as of September 30, 2015. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Commitments 
  The following table presents our outstanding off-balance sheet commitments. See Note 12  Commitments and Contingencies  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 

On January 7, 2016, we entered into an agreement to purchase student loans on a quarterly basis beginning with the first calendar quarter in 2016 and ending with the fourth calendar quarter in 2016. Under the terms of the agreement, we committed to purchase a minimum of   $125 million   of loans per quarter. The minimum and maximum amount of the aggregate purchase principal balance of loans under the terms of the agreement are   $500 million   and   $1.0 billion  , respectively. The agreement will terminate immediately if at any time during its term the aggregate purchase principal balance of loans equals the maximum amount. The agreement may be extended by written agreement of the parties for an additional four quarters. We may terminate the agreement at will with payment of a termination fee equal to the product of   $1 million   times the number of calendar quarters remaining in the term. 
  Our agreement to purchase automobile loans, originally entered into in May 2014, was most recently amended on February 18, 2016. For quarterly periods on or after August 1, 2015, the minimum and maximum purchases are   $50 million   and   $200 million  , respectively. The agreement automatically renews until terminated by either party. We may cancel the agreement at will with payment of a variable termination fee. There is no termination fee after May 2017. 
   
  Critical Accounting Estimates  
  Our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in this report, are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  An accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are made using facts and circumstances known at a point in  
  
   106 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

time. Changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. The most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.  
  See Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion of our significant accounting policies. 
  Allowance for Credit Losses 
  Management s estimate of probable losses in our loan and lease portfolios including unfunded lending commitments is recorded in the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date. Our determination of such estimates is based on a periodic evaluation of the loan and lease portfolios and unfunded credit facilities, as well as other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates and judgments of underlying factors, all of which are susceptible to change. 
  The ALLL and reserve for unfunded lending commitments could be affected by a variety of internal and external factors. Internal factors include portfolio performance such as delinquency levels, assigned risk ratings, the mix and level of loan balances, differing economic risks associated with each loan category and the financial condition of specific borrowers. External factors include fluctuations in the general economy, unemployment rates, bankruptcy filings, developments within a particular industry, changes in collateral values and factors particular to a specific commercial credit such as competition, business and management performance. The ALLL may be adjusted to reflect our current assessment of various qualitative risks, factors and events that may not be measured in our statistical procedures. There is no certainty that the ALLL and reserve for unfunded lending commitments will be appropriate over time to cover losses because of unanticipated adverse changes in any of these internal, external or qualitative factors. 
  The evaluation of the adequacy of the commercial, commercial real estate, and lease ALLL and reserve for unfunded lending commitments is primarily based on risk rating models that assess probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default on an individual loan basis. The models are primarily driven by individual customer financial characteristics and are validated against historical experience. Additionally, qualitative factors may be included in the risk rating models. After the aggregation of individual borrower incurred loss, additional overlays can be made based on back-testing against historical losses and forward loss curve ratios. 
  For nonaccruing commercial and commercial real estate loans with an outstanding balance of $3 million or greater and for all commercial and commercial real estate TDRs (regardless of size), we conduct specific analysis on a loan level basis to determine the probable amount of credit loss. If appropriate, a specific ALLL is established for the loan through a charge to the provision for credit losses. For all classes of impaired loans, individual loan measures of impairment may result in a charge-off to the ALLL, if deemed appropriate. In such cases, the provision for credit losses is not affected when a specific reserve for at least that amount already exists. Techniques utilized include comparing the loan s carrying amount to the estimated present value of its future cash flows, the fair value of its underlying collateral, or the loan s observable market price. The technique applied to each impaired loan is based on the workout officer s opinion of the most probable workout scenario. Historically, this has generally led to the use of the estimated present value of future cash flows approach. The fair value of underlying collateral will be used if the loan is deemed collateral dependent. For loans that use the fair value of underlying collateral approach, a charge-off assessment is performed quarterly to write the loans down to fair value. 
  For most non-impaired retail loan portfolio types, the ALLL is based upon the incurred loss model utilizing the PD, LGD and exposure at default on an individual loan basis. When developing these factors, we may consider the loan product and collateral type, LTV ratio, lien position, borrower s credit, time outstanding, geographic location, delinquency status and incurred loss period. Incurred loss periods are reviewed and updated at least annually, and potentially more frequently when economic situations change rapidly, as they tend to fluctuate with economic cycles. Incurred loss periods are generally longer in good economic times and shorter in bad times. Certain retail portfolios, including SBO home equity loans, student loans, and credit card receivables utilize roll rate models to estimate the ALLL. For the portfolios measured using the incurred loss model, roll rate models are also used to support management overlays if deemed necessary. 
  For home equity lines and loans, a number of factors impact the PD. Specifically, the borrower s current FICO score, the utilization rate, delinquency statistics, borrower income, current CLTV ratio and months on books are all used to assess the borrower s creditworthiness. Similarly, the loss severity is also impacted by various factors, including the utilization rate, the CLTV ratio, the lien position, the Housing Price Index change for the location (as measured by the Case-Shiller index), months on books and current loan balance.  
  When we are not in a first lien position, we use delinquency information on the first lien exposures obtained from third-party credit information providers in the credit assessment. For all first liens, whether owned by a third party or by us, an additional assessment is performed on a quarterly basis. In this assessment, the most recent three months  performance of the senior liens is reviewed for delinquency (90 days or more past due), modification, foreclosure and/or bankruptcy statuses. If any derogatory  
  
   107 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

status is present, the junior lien will be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of its delinquency status on our books. This subsequent change to nonaccrual status will alter the treatment in the PD model, thus affecting the reserve calculation. 
  In addition, the first lien exposure is combined with the second lien exposure to generate a CLTV. The CLTV is a more accurate reflection of the leverage of the borrower against the property value, as compared to the LTV from just the junior lien(s). The CLTV is used for modeling both the junior lien PD and LGD. This also impacts the ALLL rates for the junior lien HELOCs. 
  The above measures are all used to assess the PD and LGD for HELOC borrowers for whom we originated the loans. There is also a portfolio of home equity products that were originated and serviced by others; however, we currently service some of the loans in this portfolio. The SBO portfolio is modeled as a separate class and the reserves for this class are generated by using the delinquency roll rate models as described below. 
  For retail TDRs that are not collateral-dependent, allowances are developed using the present value of expected future cash flows, compared to the recorded investment in the loans. Expected re-default factors are considered in this analysis. Retail TDRs that are deemed collateral-dependent are written down to the fair market value of the collateral less costs to sell. The fair value of collateral is periodically monitored subsequent to the modification. 
  Changes in the levels of estimated losses, even if minor, can significantly affect management s determination of an appropriate ALLL. For consumer loans, losses are affected by such factors as loss severity, collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. A 1% and 5% increase in the estimated loss rate for consumer loans at   December 31, 2015   would have increased the ALLL by $5 million and $26 million, respectively. The ALLL for our Commercial Banking segment is sensitive to assigned credit risk ratings and inherent loss rates. If 10% and 20% of the   December 31, 2015   year end loan balances (including unfunded commitments) within each risk rating category of our Commercial Banking segment had experienced downgrades of two risk categories, the ALLL would have increased by $36 million and $72 million, respectively. 
  Commercial loans and leases are charged off to the ALLL when there is little prospect of collecting either principal or interest. Charge-offs of commercial loans and leases usually involve receipt of borrower-specific adverse information. For commercial collateral-dependent loans, an appraisal or other valuation is used to quantify a shortfall between the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell and the recorded investment in the commercial loan. Retail loan charge-offs are generally based on established delinquency thresholds rather than borrower-specific adverse information. When a loan is collateral-dependent, any shortfalls between the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell and the recorded investment is promptly charged off. Placing any loan or lease on nonaccrual status does not by itself require a partial or total charge-off; however, any identified losses are charged off at that time. 
  For additional information regarding the ALLL and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, see Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies,  to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 4  Allowance for Credit Losses, Nonperforming Assets and Concentrations of Credit Risk,  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  Fair Value 
  We measure fair value using the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices in an active market, where available. If quoted prices are not available, observable market-based inputs or independently sourced parameters are used to develop fair value, whenever possible. Such inputs may include prices of similar assets or liabilities, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment speeds and foreign exchange rates. 
  We classify our assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value in accordance with the three-level valuation hierarchy: 
             
    Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
                
    Level 2. Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar instruments; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and 
                
    Level 3. Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market information and that are significant to the fair value measurement. 
     Classification in the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or liability. For instruments classified in Level 1 and 2 where inputs are primarily based upon observable market data, there is less judgment applied in arriving at the fair value. For instruments classified in Level 3, management judgment is more significant due to the lack of observable market data. 
  Significant assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis include our mortgage-backed securities available for sale. These instruments are priced using an external pricing service and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The  
  
   108 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

service s pricing models use predominantly observable valuation inputs to measure the fair value of these securities under both the market and income approaches. The pricing service utilizes a matrix pricing methodology to price our U.S. agency pass-through securities, which involves making adjustments to to-be-announced security prices based on a matrix of various mortgage-backed securities characteristics such as weighted-average maturities, indices and other pool-level information. Other agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities are priced using a discounted cash flow methodology. This methodology includes estimating the cash flows expected to be received for each security using projected prepayment speeds and default rates based on historical statistics of the underlying collateral and current market conventions. These estimated cash flows are then discounted using market-based discount rates that incorporate characteristics such as average life, volatility, ratings, performance of the underlying collateral, and prevailing market conditions. 
  We review and update the fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Changes from one quarter to the next related to the observability of inputs in fair value measurements may result in a reclassification between the fair value hierarchy levels and are recognized based on year-end balances. We also verify the accuracy of the pricing provided by our primary external pricing service on a quarterly basis. This process involves using a secondary external vendor to provide valuations for our securities portfolio for comparison purposes. Any securities with discrepancies beyond a certain threshold are researched and, if necessary, valued by an independent outside broker. 
  Fair value is also used on a nonrecurring basis to evaluate certain assets for impairment or for disclosure purposes. Examples of nonrecurring uses of fair value include mortgage servicing rights accounted for by the amortization method, loan impairments for certain loans and goodwill. 
  For additional information regarding our fair value measurements, see Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies,  to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 2  Securities,  Note 6  Mortgage Banking,  Note 11  Derivatives,  and Note 14  Fair Value Measurements  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 
  Goodwill 
  Goodwill is an asset that represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to annual impairment tests. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units at the date the goodwill is initially recorded. A reporting unit is a business operating segment or a component of a business operating segment. Citizens has two reporting units with assigned goodwill; the Consumer segment and the Commercial segment. Once goodwill has been assigned to reporting units, it no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition, and all of the activities within a reporting unit, whether acquired or organically grown, are available to support the value of the goodwill. 
  The goodwill impairment analysis is a two-step test. The first step, used to identify potential impairment, involves comparing each reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, applicable goodwill is deemed to be not impaired. If the carrying value exceeds fair value, there is an indication of impairment and the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. 
  The second step involves calculating an implied fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which the first step indicated impairment. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination, which is the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit, as determined in the first step, over the aggregate fair values of the individual assets, liabilities and identifiable intangible assets as if the reporting unit were being acquired in a business combination. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying value of goodwill assigned to the reporting unit, there is no impairment. If the carrying value of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. An impairment loss recognized cannot exceed the amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit, and the loss establishes a new basis in the goodwill. Subsequent reversal of goodwill impairment losses is not permitted. 
  We review goodwill for impairment annually as of October 31 or more often if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one or more reporting units is below its carrying value. We rely on the income approach (discounted cash flow method) as the primary method for determining fair value. Market-based methods are used as benchmarks to corroborate the value determined by the discounted cash flow method. 
  We rely on several assumptions when estimating the fair value of our reporting units using the discounted cash flow method. These assumptions include the current discount rate, loan loss provision rates, tax rates, earnings and balance sheet growth rates, terminal value growth rate, capital levels, and a terminal value multiple. Discount rates are estimated based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which considers the risk-free interest rate, market risk premium, and beta for the reporting units. The discount rates are also calibrated on the assessment of the risks related to the projected cash flows of each reporting unit. Multi-year financial forecasts are developed for each reporting unit by considering several key business drivers such as new business initiatives, customer retention standards, market share changes, anticipated loan and deposit growth, forward interest rates, historical performance and  
  
   109 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

industry and economic trends, among other considerations. The long-term growth rate used in determining the terminal value of each reporting unit was estimated based on management s assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of each reporting unit, as well as broader economic considerations such as gross domestic product and inflation.  
  We corroborate the fair value of our reporting units determined by the discounted cash flow method using market-based methods: a comparable company method and a comparable transaction method. The comparable company method measures the fair value of a business by comparing it to publicly traded companies in similar lines of business. This involves identifying and selecting the comparable companies based on a number of factors (i.e., size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment), calculating the market multiples (i.e., price-to-tangible book value, price-to-cash earnings and price-to-net income) of these comparable companies and then applying these multiples to our operating results to estimate the value of the reporting unit s equity on a marketable, minority basis. A control premium is then applied to this value to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit on a marketable, controlling basis. The comparable transaction method measures fair value of a business based on exchange prices in actual transactions that have comparable factors to the reporting units. Adjustments for differences in factors described earlier (i.e., size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment) are also considered. 
  We also corroborate the fair value of our reporting units determined by the discounted cash flow method by adding the aggregated sum of these fair value measurements to the fair value of our other segment operations and comparing this total to our observed market capitalization. As part of this process, we analyze the implied control premium to evaluate its reasonableness. Both positive and negative facts and circumstances are considered when completing this analysis, including company and market-specific factors, observed transaction data and any additional external evidence supporting the implied control premium. Since none of our reporting units are publicly traded, individual reporting unit fair value determinations cannot be directly correlated to our common stock price. The sum of the fair values of the reporting units at October 31, 2015 exceeded the overall market capitalization of CFG as of October 31, 2015.  
  During the first nine months of 2016, we observed significant volatility in the overall market capitalization of CFG. Given this market volatility, we reviewed our market capitalization implied control premium based on end of period, average, median, and high and low stock prices during the second quarter. We also considered the various systematic and cyclical factors affecting bank stocks, as well as idiosyncratic factors such as our above-average capital position and attractive franchise value given our size, footprint, and customer base to evaluate the implied control premium. We will continue to monitor the volatility of our market capitalization. Although we believe it is reasonable to conclude that market capitalization could be an indicator of fair value over time, we do not believe that our current market capitalization reflects the aggregate fair value of our individual reporting units.  
  The valuation of goodwill is dependent on forward-looking expectations related to the performance of the U.S. economy and our associated financial performance. The prolonged delay in the full recovery of the U.S. economy, and the impact of that delay on earnings expectations, prompted a goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2013. Although the U.S. economy had demonstrated signs of recovery, notably improvements in unemployment and housing, the pace and extent of recovery in these indicators, as well as in overall gross domestic product, lagged previous expectations. The impact of the slow recovery was most evident in our Consumer Banking reporting unit. Accordingly, the percentage by which the estimated fair value of our Consumer Banking reporting unit exceeded its carrying value declined from 7% at December 31, 2011 to 5% at December 31, 2012. 
  During the first half of 2013, we observed further deceleration of expected growth for our Consumer Banking reporting unit s future profits based on forecasted economic growth for the U.S. economy and the continuing impact of the new regulatory framework in the financial industry. This deceleration was incorporated into our revised earnings forecast in the second quarter of 2013, and we subsequently concluded that there was a likelihood of greater than 50% that goodwill impairment had occurred as of June 30, 2013. 
  An interim goodwill impairment test was subsequently performed for our Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking reporting units. Step One of these tests indicated that (1) the fair value of our Consumer Banking reporting unit was less than its carrying value by 19% and (2) the fair value of our Commercial Banking reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 27%. Step Two of the goodwill impairment test was subsequently performed for our Consumer Banking reporting unit, which resulted in the recognition of a pre-tax $4.4 billion impairment charge in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period ending June 30, 2013. The impairment charge, which was a non-cash item, had minimal impact on our tier 1 risk-based and total risk-based capital ratios. The impairment charge had no impact on our liquidity position or tangible common equity. 
  We performed an annual test for impairment of goodwill for both reporting units as of October 31, 2015. As of this testing date, the percentage by which the fair value of our Consumer Banking reporting unit exceeded its carrying value was 6%, and the percentage by which the fair value of our Commercial Banking reporting unit exceeded its carrying value was 8%. 
  We based the fair value estimates used in our annual goodwill impairment testing on assumptions we believe to be representative of assumptions that a market participant would use in valuing the reporting units but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain, including estimates of future growth rates and operating margins and assumptions about the overall economic climate and the competitive environment for our reporting units. There can be no assurances that future estimates and assumptions  
  
   110 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

made for purposes of goodwill testing will prove accurate predictions of the future. If the assumptions regarding business plans, competitive environments, market conditions or anticipated growth rates are not achieved, or a market participant view of our total fair value declines, we may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in future periods. 
  For additional information regarding our goodwill impairment testing, see Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 9  Goodwill,  to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Income Taxes 
  Accrued income taxes are reported as a component of either other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and reflect our estimate of income taxes to be paid or that effectively have been prepaid. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities represent the amount of future income taxes to be paid or that effectively have been prepaid, and the net balance is reported as an asset or liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We determine the realization of the deferred tax asset based upon an evaluation of the four possible sources of taxable income: (1) the future reversals of taxable temporary differences; (2) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards; (3) taxable income in prior carryback years; and (4) tax planning strategies. In projecting future taxable income, we utilize forecasted pre-tax earnings, adjust for the estimated book tax differences and incorporate assumptions, including the amount of income allocable to taxing jurisdictions. These assumptions require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that we use to manage the underlying businesses. The realization of the deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if these estimates are significantly different than forecasted. 
  We are subject to income tax in the United States and multiple state and local jurisdictions. The tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction may be interpreted differently in certain situations, which could result in a range of outcomes. Thus, we are required to exercise judgment regarding the application of these tax laws and regulations. We evaluate and recognize tax liabilities related to any tax uncertainties. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may differ from the current estimate of tax liabilities or refunds. 
  Our estimate of accrued income taxes, deferred income taxes and income tax expense can also change in any period as a result of new legislative or judicial guidance impacting tax positions, as well as changes in income tax rates. Any changes, if they occur, can be significant to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  For additional information regarding income taxes, see Note 1  Significant Accounting Policies,  to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 10  Income Taxes,  to our unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements, included in this report. 

111 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Risk Governance 
  We are committed to maintaining a strong, integrated and proactive approach to the management of all risks to which we are exposed in pursuit of our business objectives. A key aspect of our Board s responsibility as the main decision making body is setting our risk appetite to ensure that the levels of risk that we are willing to accept in the attainment of our strategic business and financial objectives are clearly understood.  
  To enable the Board to carry out its objectives, it has delegated authority for risk management activities, as well as governance and oversight of those activities, to a number of Board and executive management level risk committees. The key committees that specifically consider risk across the enterprise are set out in the diagram below. 

Chief Risk Officer  
  The CRO directs our overall risk management function overseeing the credit, interest rate, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic and reputational risk management. The CRO reports to our CEO and to the Board Risk Committee.  
  Risk Framework  
  Our risk management framework is embedded in our business through a  Three Lines of Defense  model which defines responsibilities and accountabilities.  
  First Line of Defense  
  The business lines (including their associated support functions) are the first line of defense and are accountable for owning and managing, within our defined risk appetite, the risks which exist in their respective business areas. The business lines are responsible for performing regular risk assessments to identify and assess the material risks that arise in their area of responsibility, complying with relevant risk policies, testing and certifying the adequacy and effectiveness of their controls on a regular basis, establishing and documenting operating procedures and establishing and owning a governance structure for identifying and managing risk.  
  Second Line of Defense  
  The second line of defense includes independent monitoring and control functions accountable for developing and ensuring implementation of risk and control frameworks and related policies. This centralized risk function is appropriately independent from the business and is accountable for overseeing and challenging our business lines on the effective management of their risks. This risk function utilizes training, communications and awareness to provide expert support and advice to the business lines. This includes interpreting the risk policy standards and risk management framework, overseeing compliance by the businesses with policies and responsibilities, including providing relevant management information and escalating concerns where appropriate.  
  The Executive Risk Committee, chaired by the CRO, actively considers our inherent material risks, analyzes our overall risk profile and seeks confirmation that the risks are being appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated.  
  
   112 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Third Line of Defense  
  Our Internal Audit function is the third line of defense providing independent assurance with a view of the effectiveness of Citizens  internal controls, governance practices, and culture so that risk is managed appropriately for the size, complexity, and risk profile of the organization. Internal Audit has complete and unrestricted access to any and all Bank records, physical properties, and personnel. Internal Audit issues a report following each internal review and provides an audit opinion to Citizens  Audit Committees on a quarterly basis.  
  Credit Quality Assurance also reports to the Chief Audit Executive and also provides the legal-entity boards, senior management and other stakeholders with independent assurance on the quality of credit portfolios and adherence to agreed Credit Risk Appetite and Credit Policies and processes. In line with its procedures and regulatory expectations, the Credit Quality Assurance function undertakes a program of portfolio testing, assessing and reporting through four Risk Pillars of Asset Quality, Rating and Data Integrity, Risk Management and Credit Risk Appetite.  
  Risk Appetite  
  Risk appetite is a strategic business and risk management tool. We define our risk appetite as the maximum limit of acceptable risk beyond which we would either be unable to achieve our strategic objectives and capital adequacy obligations or would assume an unacceptable amount of risk to do so. The Board Risk Committee advises our Board of Directors in relation to current and potential future risk strategies, including determination of risk appetite and tolerance.  
  The principal non-market risks to which we are subject are: credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk and reputational risk. We are also subject to market risks. Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. Modest market risk arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rate and foreign exchange risk. As described below, more material market risk arises from our non-trading banking activities, such as loan origination and deposit gathering. We have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. We actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks. We are also subject to liquidity risk, discussed under   Liquidity.   
  Our risk appetite framework and risk limit structure establishes guidelines to determine the balance between existing and desired levels of risk and supports the implementation, measurement and management of our risk appetite.  
  Credit Risk  
  Overview  
  Credit risk represents the potential for loss arising from a customer, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform in accordance with the contractual terms of the obligation. While the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, we do engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, and trading activities. Given the financial impact of credit risk on our earnings and balance sheet, the assessment, approval, and management of credit risk represents a major part of our overall risk-management responsibility.  
  Objective  
  The credit risk management organization is responsible for approving credit transactions, monitoring portfolio performance, identifying problem loans, and ensuring remedial management.  
  Organizational Structure  
  Management and oversight of credit risk is the responsibility of both the line of business and the second line of defense. The second line of defense, the independent Credit Risk Function, is led by the Chief Credit Officer who oversees all of our credit risk. The CCO reports to the Chief Risk Officer. The CCO, acting in a manner consistent with Board policies, has responsibility for, among other things, the governance process around policies, procedures, risk acceptance criteria, credit risk appetite, limits, and authority delegation. The CCO and his team also have responsibility for credit approvals for larger and higher risk transactions and oversight of line of business credit risk activities. Reporting to the CCO are the heads of the second line of defense credit functions specializing in: Consumer Banking; Commercial Banking; Citizens Restructuring Management; Portfolio and Corporate Reporting; ALLL Analytics; and Credit Policy and Administration. Each team under these leaders is composed of highly experienced credit professionals. 
  The credit risk teams operate independently from the business lines to ensure decisions are not influenced by unbalanced objectives.  
  
   113 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Governance  
  The primary mechanisms used to govern our credit risk function are our consumer and commercial credit policies. These policies outline the minimum acceptable lending standards that align with our desired risk appetite. Material issues or changes are identified by the individual committees and presented to the Credit Policy Committee, Executive Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee for approval as appropriate.  
  Key Management Processes  
  To ensure credit risks are managed within our risk appetite and business and risk strategies are achieved, we employ a comprehensive and integrated control program. The program s objective is to proactively (1) identify, (2) measure, (3) monitor, and (4) mitigate existing and emerging credit risks across the credit lifecycle (origination, account management/portfolio management, and loss mitigation and recovery).  
    Consumer 
  On the consumer banking side of credit risk, our teams use models to evaluate consumer loans across the lifecycle of the loan. Starting at origination, credit scoring models are used to forecast the probability of default of an applicant. These models are embedded in the loan origination system, which allows for real-time scoring and automated decisions for many of our products. Periodic validations are performed on our purchased and proprietary scores to ensure fit for purpose. When approving customers for a new loan or extension of an existing credit line, credit scores are used in conjunction with other credit risk variables such as affordability, length of term, collateral value, collateral type, and lien subordination.  
  The origination process is supported by dedicated underwriting teams that reside in the business line. The size of each team depends on the intensity of the approval process as the number of handoffs, documentation, and verification requirements differ substantially depending on the loan product.  
  To ensure proper oversight of the underwriting teams, lending authority is granted by the second line of defense credit risk function to each underwriter. The amount of delegated authority depends on the experience of the individual. We periodically evaluate the performance of each underwriter and annually reauthorize their delegated authority. Only senior members of the second line of defense credit risk team are authorized to approve significant exceptions to credit policies. It is not uncommon to make exceptions to established policies when compensating factors are present. There are exception limits which, when reached, trigger a comprehensive analysis.  
  Once an account is established, credit scores and collateral values are refreshed at regular intervals to allow for proactive identification of increasing or decreasing levels of credit risk. For accounts with contingent liability (revolving feature), credit policies have been developed that leverage the refreshed customer data to determine if a credit line should be increased, decreased, frozen, or closed. Lastly, behavioral modeling, segmentation, and loan modifications are used to cure delinquency, reduce the severity of loss, and maximize recoveries. Our approach to managing credit risk is highly analytical and, where appropriate, is automated, to ensure consistency and efficiency.  
  The credit risk team is constantly evaluating current and projected economic conditions, internal credit performance in relation to budget and predefined risk tolerances, and current and expected regulatory guidance to determine the optimal balance of expansion and contraction policies. All policy change proposals receive intense scrutiny and discussion prior to approval and implementation. This process ensures decisions are made based on risk-based analytics with full adherence to regulatory requirements.  
    Commercial 
  On the commercial banking side of credit risk, the structure is broken into C I loans and leases and CRE. Within C I there are separate verticals established for certain specialty products (e.g., asset-based lending, leasing, franchise finance, health care, technology, mid-corporate). A  specialty vertical  is a stand-alone team of industry or product specialists. Substantially all activity that falls under the ambit of the defined industry or product is managed through a specialty vertical when one exists. CRE also operates as a specialty vertical.  
  Commercial credit risk management begins with defined credit products and policies. 
  Commercial transactions are subject to individual analysis and approval at origination and, with few exceptions, are subject to a formal annual review requirement. The underwriting process includes the establishment and approval of Credit Grades that confirm the Probability of Default ( PD ) and Loss Given Default ( LGD ). Approval then requires both a business line approver and an independent Credit Approver with the requisite level of delegated authority. The approval level of a particular credit facility is determined by the size of the credit relationship as well as the PD. The checks and balances in the credit process and the independence of the credit approver function are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and to provide for effective problem asset management  
  
   114 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

and resolution. All authority to grant credit is delegated through the independent Credit Risk function and is closely monitored and regularly updated.  
  The primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower s management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. While these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. In addition to the credit analysis conducted during the approval process at origination and annual review, our Credit Quality Assurance group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality of the portfolio and new originations. This group conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, as well as test the consistency of the credit processes and the effectiveness of credit risk management.  
  The maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. Concentration risk is managed through limits on industry (sector), loan type (asset class), and loan quality factors. We focus predominantly on extending credit to commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary markets (for this purpose defined as our 11 state footprint plus contiguous states), although we do engage in lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe that the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives.  
  Apart from Industrials and CRE (which together make up 30% of the commercial outstandings as of   September 30, 2016  ), there are no material sector concentrations. As of   September 30, 2016  , our CRE outstandings amounted to 10% of total loans and leases. The Industrial sector includes basic C I lending focused on general manufacturing. The sector is diversified and not managed as a specialized vertical. Our customers are local to our market and present no significant concentration.  
  Our credit grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment. Our assessment of a borrower s credit strength is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which are also an integral component of our ALLL methodology. When deterioration in credit strength is noted, a loan becomes subject to Watch Review. The Watch Review process involves senior representatives from the business line portfolio management team, the independent Credit Risk team, and our Citizens Restructuring Management group. As appropriate and consistent with regulatory definitions, the credit may be subject to classification as either Criticized or Classified, which would also trigger a credit rating downgrade. As such, the loan and relationship would be subject to more frequent review. 
  Substantially all loans categorized as Classified are managed by Citizens Restructuring Management, a specialized group of credit professionals that handles the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. Its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, determining the appropriateness of specific reserves relating to the loan, accrual status of the loan, and the ultimate collectability of loans in their portfolio.  
   
  Market Risk 
  Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. Modest market risk arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rate and foreign exchange risk. As described below, more material market risk arises from our non-trading banking activities, such as loan origination and deposit-gathering. We have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. We actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks.  
  Non-Trading Risk  
  We are exposed to market risk as a result of non-trading banking activities. This market risk is composed entirely of interest rate risk, as we have no direct currency or commodity risk and de minimis equity risk. This interest rate risk emerges from the balance sheet after the aggregation of our assets, liabilities and equity. We refer to this non-trading risk embedded in the balance sheet as  structural interest rate risk  or  interest rate risk in the banking book.  Our mortgage servicing rights assets also contain interest rate risk as the value of the fee stream is impacted by the level of long-term interest rates.  
  A major source of structural interest rate risk is a difference in the repricing of assets, on the one hand, and liabilities and equity, on the other. First, there are differences in the timing of rate changes reflecting the maturity and/or repricing of assets and liabilities. For example, the rate earned on a residential mortgage may be fixed for 30 years; the rate paid on a certificate of deposit may be fixed only for a few months. Due to these timing differences, net interest income is sensitive to changes in the level and shape of the yield curve. Second, there are differences in the drivers of rate changes of various assets and liabilities. For example, commercial loans may reprice based on one-month LIBOR or prime; the rate paid on retail money market demand accounts may be only loosely correlated with LIBOR and depend on competitive demand for funds. Due to these basis differences, net interest income is sensitive to changes in spreads between certain indices or repricing rates.  
  
   115 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Another important source of structural interest rate risk relates to the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. For example, most consumer loans can be prepaid without penalty; and most consumer deposits can be withdrawn without penalty. The exercise of such options by customers can exacerbate the timing differences discussed above.  
  A primary source of our structural interest rate risk relates to faster repricing of floating rate loans relative to the retail deposit funding. This source of asset sensitivity is concentrated at the short end of the yield curve. For the past seven years with the Federal Funds rate near zero, this risk has been asymmetrical with significantly more upside benefit than potential exposure. Exposure to declining rates has lessened modestly in the second quarter given decreased market expectations for additional Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) actions. The secondary source of our interest rate risk is driven by longer term rates comprising the rollover or reinvestment risk on fixed rate loans as well as the prepayment risk on mortgage related loans and securities funded by non-rate sensitive deposits and equity.  
  The primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk within policy limits approved by the Board. These limits and guidelines reflect our tolerance for interest rate risk over both short-term and long-term horizons. To ensure that exposure to interest rate risk is managed within this risk appetite, we must both measure the exposure and, as necessary, hedge it. The Treasury Asset and Liability Management team is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on the structural interest rate risk position. These exposures are reported on a monthly basis to the Asset and Liability Committee ( ALCO ) and at Board meetings.  
  We measure structural interest rate risk through a variety of metrics intended to quantify both short-term and long-term exposures. The primary method that we use to quantify interest rate risk is simulation analysis in which we model net interest income from assets, liabilities and hedge derivative positions under various interest rate scenarios over a three-year horizon. Exposure to interest rate risk is reflected in the variation of forecasted net interest income across scenarios.  
  Key assumptions in this simulation analysis relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, the changes in product balances and the behavior of loan and deposit clients in different rate environments. The most material of these behavioral assumptions relate to the repricing characteristics and balance fluctuations of deposits with indeterminate (i.e., non-contractual) maturities as well as the pace of mortgage prepayments. Assessments are periodically made by running sensitivity analysis of the impact of key assumptions. The results of these analyses are reported to ALCO. 
  As the future path of interest rates cannot be known in advance, we use simulation analysis to project net interest income under various interest rate scenarios including a  most likely  (implied forward) scenario as well as a variety of deliberately extreme and perhaps unlikely scenarios. These scenarios may assume gradual ramping of the overall level of interest rates, immediate shocks to the level of rates and various yield curve twists in which movements in short- or long-term rates predominate. Generally, projected net interest income in any interest rate scenario is compared to net interest income in a base case where market forward rates are realized.  
  The table below reports net interest income exposures against a variety of interest rate scenarios. Exposures are measured as a percentage change in net interest income over the next year due to either instantaneous or gradual parallel +/- 200 basis point moves in benchmark interest rates. The net interest income simulation analyses do not include possible future actions that management might undertake to mitigate this risk. The current limit is a decrease in net interest income of 10% related to an instantaneous +/- 200 basis point move. As the table illustrates, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive: net interest income would benefit from an increase in interest rates. Exposure to a decline in interest rates is well within limit. It should be noted that the magnitude of any possible decline in interest rates is constrained by the low absolute starting levels of rates. While an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates was used in this analysis, we believe that any actual shift in interest rates would likely be more gradual and would therefore have a more modest impact.  
  
   116 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The table below presents our positioning in various parallel yield curve shifts:  

We use a valuation measure of exposure to structural interest rate risk, Economic Value of Equity ( EVE ), as a supplement to net interest income simulations. EVE complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure over a long-term horizon. EVE measures the extent to which the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuation in interest rates. This analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. The change in value is expressed as a percentage of regulatory capital. The current risk limit is set at a decrease of 20% of regulatory capital given an instantaneous +/- 200 basis point change in interest rates. We are operating within that limit as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Asset sensitivity was 5.8% at September 30, 2016, down modestly from 6.1% at December 31, 2015. The asset sensitive risk position was actively managed by adjusting securities investments, interest rate swaps and funding mix. The risk position was managed down to the lower end of the range in the third quarter, given the outlook for a muted pace of FOMC tightenings and a lower market consensus of the neutral level of rates. 
  We also had market risk associated with the value of the mortgage servicing right assets, which are impacted by the level of interest rates. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our mortgage servicing rights had a carrying value of   $152 million   and   $164 million  , respectively, and were carried at the lower of cost or fair value. As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights was   $163 million   and   $178 million  , respectively. Given low interest rates over recent years, there is a valuation allowance of   $15 million   and   $9 million   on the asset as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Depending on the interest rate environment, hedges may be used to stabilize the market value of the mortgage servicing right asset.  
  Trading Risk  
  We are exposed to market risk primarily through client facilitation activities including derivatives and foreign exchange products. Exposure is created as a result of changes in interest rates and related basis spreads and volatility, foreign exchange rates, and credit spreads on a select range of interest rates, foreign exchange and secondary loan instruments. These trading activities are conducted through our two banking subsidiaries, CBNA and CBPA. 
  Client facilitation activities consist primarily of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts where we enter into offsetting trades with a separate counterparty or exchange to manage our market risk exposure. In addition to the aforementioned activities, we operate a secondary loan trading desk with the objective to meet secondary liquidity needs of our issuing clients  transactions and investor clients. We do not engage in any trading activities with the intent to benefit from short term price differences.  
  We record interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts as derivative assets and liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Trading assets and liabilities are carried at fair value with income earned related to these activities included in net interest income. Changes in fair value of trading assets and liabilities are reflected in other income, a component of noninterest income on the unaudited interim Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  Market Risk Governance    
  The market risk limit setting process is established in line with the formal enterprise risk appetite process and policy.  This appetite reflects the strategic and enterprise level articulation of opportunities for creating franchise value set to the boundaries  
  
   117 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

of how much market risk to take. Dealing authorities represent the key control tool in the management of market risk that allows the cascading of the risk appetite throughout the enterprise. A dealing authority sets the operational scope and tolerances within which a business is permitted to operate and this is reviewed at least annually. Dealing authorities are structured to accommodate the client facing trades and hedges needed to manage the risk profile. Primary responsibility for keeping within established tolerances resides with the business. Key risk indicators, including VaR, open foreign currency positions, and single name risk, are monitored on a daily basis and reported against tolerances consistent with our risk appetite and business strategy to relevant business line management and risk counterparts. 
  Market Risk Measurement 
  We use VaR as a statistical measure for estimating potential exposure of our traded market risk in normal market conditions.  Our VaR framework for risk management and regulatory reporting is the same. Risk management VaR is based on a one day holding period to a 99% confidence level, whereas regulatory VaR is based on a ten day holding period to the same confidence level. Additional to VaR, non-statistical measurements for measuring risk are employed, such as sensitivity analysis, market value and stress testing.  
  Our market risk platform and associated market risk and valuation models for our foreign exchange, interest rate products, and traded loans capture correlation effects and allow for aggregation of market risk across risk types, business lines and legal entities. We measure, monitor and report market risk for both management and regulatory capital purposes.  
  Value-at-Risk Overview 
       The market risk measurement model is based on historical simulation. The VaR measure estimates the extent of any fair value losses on trading positions that may occur due to broad market movements (General VaR) such as changes in the level of interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices. It is calculated on the basis that current positions remain broadly unaltered over the course of a given holding period. It is assumed that markets are sufficiently liquid to allow the business to close its positions, if required, within this holding period. VaR s benefit is that it captures the historic correlations of a portfolio. Based on the composition of our  covered positions,  we also use a standardized add-on approach for the loan trading desk s Specific Risk capital which estimates the extent of any losses that may occur from factors other than broad market movements. In addition, for our secondary traded loans we calculate the VaR on the general interest rate risk embedded within the loans using a standalone model that replicates the general VaR methodology (the related capital is reflected on the  de minimis  line in the following section). The General VaR approach is expressed in terms of a confidence level over the past 500 trading days. The internal VaR measure (used as the basis of the main VaR trading limits) is a 99% confidence level with a one day holding period, meaning that a loss greater than the VaR is expected to occur, on average, on only one day in 100 trading days (i.e., 1% of the time). Theoretically, there should be a loss event greater than VaR two to three times per year. The regulatory measure of VaR is done at a 99% confidence level with a 10-day holding period. The historical market data applied to calculate the VaR is updated on a 10 business day lag. Refer to  Market Risk Regulatory Capital  below for details of our 10-day VaR metrics for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, including high, low, average and period end Value-at-Risk for interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks, as well as total VaR.  
  
   118 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Market Risk Regulatory Capital    
  Effective January 1, 2013, the U.S. banking regulators adopted  Risk-Based Capital Guidelines: Market Risk  as the regulations covering the calculation of market risk capital (the  Market Risk Rule ). The Market Risk Rule, commonly known as Basel 2.5, substantially modified the determination of market risk-weighted assets and implemented a more risk sensitive methodology for the risk inherent in certain trading positions categorized as  covered positions.  For the purposes of the market risk rule, all of our client facing trades, and associated hedges needed to maintain a low risk profile qualify as  covered positions.  The internal, management VaR measure is calculated based on the same population of trades that is utilized for regulatory VaR. The following table shows the results of our modeled and non-modeled measures for regulatory capital calculations: 

(1)    The high and low for the portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore, there is no diversification benefit shown for the high and low columns.  
  Stressed VaR    
  SVaR is an extension of VaR, but uses a longer historical look back horizon that is fixed from January 3, 2005. This is done not only to identify headline risks from more volatile periods, but also to provide a counter balance to VaR which may be low during periods of low volatility. The holding period for profit and loss determination is ten days. SVaR is also a component of market risk regulatory capital. SVaR for us is calculated daily under its own dynamic window regime. In a dynamic window regime, values of the 10-day, 99% VaR are calculated over all possible 260-day periods that can be obtained from the complete historical data set. Refer to  Market Risk Regulatory Capital  above for details of SVaR metrics, including high, low, average and period end SVaR for the combined portfolio. 
  Sensitivity Analysis    
  Sensitivity analysis is the measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a one basis point change in rates or credit spread. We conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, basis spreads, foreign exchange exposures, option prices, and credit spreads. Whereas VaR is based on previous moves in market risk factors over recent periods, it may not be an accurate predictor of future market moves. Sensitivity analysis complements VaR as it provides an indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical market moves and is an effective tool in evaluating the appropriateness of hedging strategies.  
  Stress Testing    
  Conducting a stress test of a portfolio consists of running risk models with the inclusion of key variables that simulate various historical or hypothetical scenarios. For historical stress tests, profit and loss results are simulated for selected time periods corresponding to the most volatile underlying returns while hypothetical stress tests aim to consider concentration risk, illiquidity under stressed market conditions and risk arising from the bank s trading activities that may not be fully captured by its other models. Hypothetical scenarios also assume that the market moves happen simultaneously and that no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate losses as events unfold. We generate stress tests of our trading positions on a daily basis. For example, we currently include a stress test that simulates a Lehman-type crisis scenario by taking the worst 20-trading day peak to trough moves for the various risk factors that go into VaR from that period, and assumes they occurred simultaneously.  
  
   119 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

VaR Model Review and Validation    
  Market risk measurement models used are independently reviewed and subject to ongoing performance analysis by the model owner. The independent review and validation focuses on the model methodology and performance. Independent review of market risk measurement models is the responsibility of Citizens  Model Risk Management and Validation team. Aspects covered include challenging the assumptions used, the quantitative techniques employed and the theoretical justification underpinning them, and an assessment of the soundness of the required data over time. Where possible, the quantitative impact of the major underlying modeling assumptions will be estimated (e.g., through developing alternative models). Results of such reviews are shared with U.S. banking regulators. The market risk models may be periodically enhanced due to changes in market price levels and price action regime behavior. The Market Risk Management and Validation team will conduct internal validation before a new or changed model element is implemented and before a change is made to a market data mapping. 
  VaR Backtesting    
  Backtesting is one form of validation of the VaR model. The Market Risk Rule requires a comparison of our internal VaR measure to the actual net trading revenue (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, intra-day trading and net interest income) for each day over the preceding year (the most recent 250 business days). Any observed loss in excess of the VaR number is taken as an exception. The level of exceptions determines the multiplication factor used to derive the VaR and SVaR-based capital requirement for regulatory reporting purposes. We perform sub-portfolio backtesting as required under the Market Risk Rule, and as approved by our banking regulators, for interest rate and foreign exchange positions. The following graph shows our daily net trading revenue and total internal, modeled VaR for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016  , June 30, 2016, March 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015. 
  Daily VaR Backtesting: Sub-portfolio Level Backtesting   (1)   
  
   1)    The back testing graph reflects seven daily adjustments made during second quarter 2016 and six daily adjustments made during third quarter 2016 to compensate for a risk position feed that overstated VaR/SVaR for those days.  

120 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    The information presented in the  Market Risk  section of Part I, Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  The Company maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

121 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  In addition to the matters described in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, information required by this item is set forth in Note 12  Commitments and Contingencies  in the Notes to the unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
    
    In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should consider the risks described under the caption  Risk Factors  in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  Details of the repurchases of the Company s common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016 are included in the following table: 

(1)    On June 29, 2016, the Company announced that its 2016 Capital Plan, submitted as part of the CCAR process and not objected to by the FRB, included share repurchases of CFG common stock of up to $690 million for the four-quarter period ending with the second quarter of 2017. This share repurchase plan, which was approved by the Company s Board of Directors at the time of the announcement, allows for share repurchases that may be executed in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under Rule 10b5-1 plans. Shares repurchased by the Company during the third quarter 2016 were executed pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase transaction, which was commenced during the quarter and completed by September 30, 2016. The timing and exact amount of share repurchases will be consistent with the 2016 Capital Plan and will be subject to various factors, including the Company s capital position, financial performance and market conditions. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
    
           3.1 
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant as in effect on the date hereof (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 14, 2014) 

10.1 
    Executive Employment Agreement dated November 3, 2016, between the Registrant and John Fawcett  * 
       
           11.1 
    Statement re computation of earnings per share (filed herewith as Note 19 to the unaudited interim Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference) 
       
           12.1 
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges* 
       
           12.2 
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends* 

122 

    CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

101 
    The following materials from the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements* 
       
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
  * Filed herewith. 
  
   123 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on November 4, 2016. 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
      (Registrant) 

By: 
    /s/ Randall J. Black 
        
    Name:   Randall J. Black 
        
    Title:     Executive Vice President and Controller 
        
    (Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Officer) 

124 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1         

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  
  This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this    Agreement   ) is made as of     November 3, 2016, by and between Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (the    Company   ) and John Fawcett (   Executive   ). 
  WHEREAS the Company desires to employ Executive and to enter into this Agreement embodying the terms of such employment; and 
  WHEREAS Executive desires to accept such employment and enter into this Agreement; 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
  Section 1.  Employment At-Will 
  (a)        Executive s employment with the Company shall be "at-will" and not for a fixed term, however, the expected duration of employment will be from December 17, 2016 through March 17, 2017. Executive understands and acknowledges that no statement, whether written or verbal, by the Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives may in any way modify, alter, or change the "at-will" nature of Executive's employment by the Company. Executive and the Company each retains the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, subject to the notice provision set forth in Section 3(a)(i) below.   
  Section 2.  Position 
  (a)        Commencement Date.    The Executive's employment with the Company shall commence on December 17, 2016 (the "  Commencement Date  "). The Company understands that the Executive, due to personal commitments, will be physically unavailable, and have limited telephonic and email availability, through and including December 19, 2016  . 
  
   1 

Exhibit 10.1         

(b)        Position.    During Executive s employment, Executive shall serve as the interim Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) of the Company, with duties and responsibilities commensurate with the role of CFO of a public company. In this position, Executive shall report directly to the CEO or to such other person acting in that capacity on an interim basis as may be applicable.   
  (c)        Best Efforts.    During Executive s employment, Executive shall: (i) devote Executive s full professional time, attention, skill and energy to the performance of his duties for the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or their respective successors (collectively, the "  Company Affiliates  " and each a "  Company Affiliate  "); (ii) use Executive's best efforts to dutifully, faithfully and efficiently perform his duties hereunder, comply with the policies, procedures, bylaws, rules, code of conduct and practices of the Company Affiliates, as the same may be amended from time to time, and of which he is given notice, and obey all reasonable and lawful directions given by or under the authority of the CEO; (iii) refrain from engaging in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict, directly or indirectly, with the rendition of services to the Company, without the prior written consent of the CEO of the Company; except that Executive may engage in charitable and community activities and manage Executive's personal investments provided that such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of his duties hereunder or conflict with the conditions of his employment; and (iv) refrain from engaging in any conduct he knows or reasonably should know is prejudicial to the interests and reputation of any Company Affiliate and endeavor to promote and extend the business of the Company Affiliates and protect and further their interests and reputation, all in a manner consistent with his duties and responsibilities.  Notwithstanding the foregoing Executive shall continue his service on the Board of Directors of Rabobank. 
  (d)        Company Directorships  .  Executive may be required, in the sole discretion of the Company, to perform services for any Company Affiliate and may be required to undertake the role and duties of an officer or director of any Company Affiliate.  No additional compensation will be paid in respect of these appointments. 
  
   2 

Exhibit 10.1         

(e)        Location.    During the period of Executive s employment, Executive shall be based in New York, New York, although he shall travel to the Company s Stamford, Connecticut office from time to time, as necessary and required. Executive may be required to travel domestically in the performance of his duties.       
  Section 3.  Compensation  . 
  (a)           Base Salary  .      The Company shall pay Executive a base salary at the monthly rate of $250,000 per month, or more specifically $57,692.30 per week, (   Base Salary   ) in accordance with the Company s regular payroll schedule.   
  (i)    In the event a new CFO is hired and starts prior to January 1, 2017, Executive shall be notified as such in writing by December 1, 2016 and shall be paid for one month of service (  i.e.,   $250,000).  The nature of the services rendered during the one month of service shall be mutually and reasonably determined by the Executive, on the one hand, and the CEO and/or Board, on the other hand. 
  (ii)    In the event Executive is needed, as anticipated, beyond January 1, 2017, Executive shall be paid the full thirteen weeks of compensation at the weekly rate of $57,692.30.  The nature of the services rendered through March 17, 2017 shall be mutually and reasonably determined by the Executive, on the one hand, and the CEO and/or Board, on the other hand, and will depend on such factors as whether or not, and when, the new CFO starts his/her role. 
  (b)        Variable Compensation  .  Executive shall not be eligible for a bonus or any other type of variable or incentive compensation. 
  Section 4.  Severance. 
  (a)        Severance  .  Executive shall not be eligible for any type of severance or separation payment regardless of the circumstances under which the employment relationship terminates.       
  
   3 

Exhibit 10.1         

Section 5  Compliance with the Company's Personal Securities Transactions Policy 
  Executive is subject to the Company's Personal Securities Transactions Policy, which sets forth, among other things, the required procedures and processes with respect to purchases and sales of Company securities. 
  Section 6.  Confidentiality; Ownership of Materials; Duty to Return Company Property 
  (a)        Confidential Information.    Executive may not at any time (whether during his employment or after termination) disclose to any unauthorized person, firm or corporation or use or attempt to use for his own advantage or to the advantage of any other person, firm or corporation, any confidential information relating to the business affairs or trade secrets of any Company Affiliate, or any confidential information about (howsoever obtained) or provided by any third party received during the course of or as a result of his employment (the    Confidential Information   ). Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, information relating to employees, customers and suppliers (former, actual and potential), Company contracts, pricing structures, financial and marketing details, business plans, any technical data, designs, formulae, product lines, intellectual property, research activities and any information which may be deemed to be commercially or price sensitive in nature, whether printed, typed, handwritten, videotaped, transmitted or transcribed on data files or on any other type of media, including but not limited to electronic and digital media, whether or not labeled as  confidential .  It also includes, without limitation, any information contained in documents marked  confidential  or documents of a higher security classification and other information which, because of its nature or the circumstances in which Executive receives it, Executive should reasonably consider to be confidential.  The Company reserves the right to modify the categories of Confidential Information from time to time. 
  (b)        Exclusions.    The provisions of this Section 6 shall not apply to: 
  
   4 

Exhibit 10.1         

(i)        Information or knowledge which subsequently comes into the public domain other than by way of unauthorized use or disclosure by Executive; 
  (ii)        The discharge by Executive of his duties hereunder or where his use or disclosure of the information has otherwise been properly authorized by the Company; 
  (iii)        Any information which Executive discloses in accordance with applicable public interest disclosure legislation; or 
  (iv)        Any disclosure required by law or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with jurisdiction to order Executive to disclose or make accessible any information. 
  (c)        Due Care.    Executive shall exercise all due care and diligence and shall take all reasonable steps to prevent the publication or disclosure by Executive of any Confidential Information relating, in particular, but not limited to, actual or proposed transactions, of any employee, customer, client or supplier (whether former, actual or potential) of any Company Affiliate including partnerships, companies, bodies, and corporations having accounts with or in any way connected to or in discussion with any Company Affiliate and all other matters relating to such customers, clients or suppliers and connections. 
  (d)        Duty to Return Confidential Information and Other Company Property. 
  (i)        All reports, files, notes, memoranda, e-mails, accounts, documents or other material (including all notes and memoranda of any Confidential Information and any copies made or received by Executive in the course of his employment (whether during or after)) in any form, including but not limited to electronic and digital media, which contain Confidential Information or were created in the scope of Executive s performance of services, are and shall remain the sole property of the Company and, following Executive's termination of employment or at any other time upon the Company s request,  
  
   5 

Exhibit 10.1         

to the extent within his possession or control, shall be surrendered by Executive to the duly authorized representative of the Company.   
  (ii)        Executive agrees that upon termination of his employment with the Company for any reason, or at any other time upon the Company s request, he will return (or, if contained electronically on a non-Company database or server, delete) to the Company immediately all memoranda, books, papers, plans, information, letters and other data in any form, including but not limited to electronic and digital media, all copies thereof or therefrom, in any way relating to the business of the Company, all other property of any Company Affiliate (including, but not limited to, company car, credit cards, equipment, correspondence, data, disks, tapes, records, specifications, software, models, notes, reports and other documents together with any extracts or summaries, removable drives or other computer equipment, keys and security passes) in his possession or under his control and Executive further agrees that Executive will not retain or use for his own account at any time any trade names, trademark or other proprietary business designation used or owned in connection with the business of any Company Affiliate.  Nothing herein shall affect Executive s right to retain his employment and compensation related documentation.  
  Section 7.  Certain Agreements 
  (a)        Data Protection.    Executive shall familiarize himself with and abide by the Company s data protection policy, procedures and accountabilities. Executive acknowledges that any material breach of these procedures may result in the immediate termination of his employment negating Sections 3(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, except that Executive shall be paid at the rate specified in Section 3 for time already worked.  
  (b)        Personal Information  .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company is permitted to hold personal information about him as part of its personnel and other business records and, in accordance with applicable law, may use such information in the course of the Company s business. 
  
   6 

Exhibit 10.1         

Section 8.      Remedies    
  The Company and Executive agree that any dispute arising out of and/or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved pursuant to arbitration before the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ), and that a single arbitrator shall be appointed pursuant to the AAA s standard procedures. Costs of such arbitration shall initially be borne equally by the parties, although in his/her award the arbitrator may assess such costs, as well as attorneys  fees, in his or her discretion. The award may be confirmed in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company and Executive further agree that it could be impossible to measure solely in money the damages which will accrue to the Company by reason of his failure to observe any of the obligations of Sections 6 or 7 of this Agreement.  Therefore, without limiting any other remedies that may be available to the Company, Executive hereby specifically affirms the Company s right to seek of injunctive or other equitable relief in aid of arbitration and acknowledges that nothing contained within this Agreement shall preclude the Company from seeking or receiving any other relief, including without limitation, any form of injunctive or equitable relief.  
  Section 9.  No Conflicts 
  Executive represents and warrants to the Company that on the Commencement Date, to the best of Executive s knowledge, Executive s acceptance of employment with, and performance of Executive s duties for, the Company will not conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or constitute a default under, any contract, agreement or understanding to which Executive is, or was, a party or of which Executive is aware and that there are no restrictions, covenants, agreements or limitations on Executive s   right   or ability to enter into and perform the terms of this Agreement, other than as expressly disclosed.   
  
   7 

Exhibit 10.1         

Section 10. Indemnification, Etc. 
  The Company shall hold harmless and indemnify the Executive to the full extent permitted under the Company s bylaws and/or other documents, and/or under the law, with respect to any threatened and/or actual claims that may be asserted against Executive and/or the Company, and/or with respect to any governmental, regulatory, administrative and/or other inquiries, investigations, proceedings and/or actions, for any and all liabilities, settlements, awards, judgments, verdicts, fines, penalties, costs, expenses and/or disbursements Executive may incur. Such indemnification shall include, without limitation, advancement of Executive s legal fees, cost, expenses, and/or disbursements. Further, the Executive shall be an insured and/or otherwise covered under any Directors and Officers insurance policies that may currently and/or from time to time be in effect.  
  Section 11.  Miscellaneous 
  (a)        Governing Law.    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard for the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 
  (b)        Entire Agreement and Amendments; Survivorship; Strict Construction  .   
  (i)        This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein other than those expressly set forth herein.  This Agreement may not be altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument signed by the parties hereto, which attaches a copy of this Agreement. 
  (ii)        The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. 
  
   8 

Exhibit 10.1         

(c)        Tax Compliance  .  All compensation paid to Executive is intended to, and is reasonably believed to, comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986  (   Section 409A   ), as amended, as well as other tax related laws and regulations to the extent it does not fall into any applicable exclusion, and shall be interpreted and construed consistent with that intent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the terms of this Agreement (and any compensation payable thereunder) comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. No expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, during any calendar year shall affect the amounts eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, to the extent subject to the requirements of Section 409A, and no such right to reimbursement or right to in-kind benefits shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.  For purposes of Section 409A, each payment in a series of installment payments, if any, provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible.  Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a  separation from service  under Section 409A.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if on the date of his termination of employment, Executive is deemed to be a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A and any payment or benefit provided to Executive in connection with his termination of employment is determined to constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A, then such payment or benefit due upon, or within the six-month period following, a termination of Executive s employment (whether under his Agreement, any other plan, program, payroll practice or any equity grant) and which do not otherwise qualify under the exemptions under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1 (including, without limitation, payments that constitute  separation pay  within the meaning of Section 409A), shall be paid or provided to Executive in a lump sum on the  
  
   9 

Exhibit 10.1         

earlier of (a) the date which is six months and one day after Executive s  separation from service  (as such term is defined in Section 409A) for any reason other than death, and (b) the date of Executive s death, and any remaining payments and benefits shall be paid or provided in accordance with the payment dates specified in this Agreement for such payment or benefit. 
  (d)        No Waiver.    The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such party s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 
  (e)        Severability.    In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 
  (f)        Assignment.    This Agreement shall not be assignable by Executive.  This Agreement shall be freely assignable by the Company without restriction to any successor in interest.   
  (g)        Successors; Binding Agreement.    This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees, legatees and permitted assigns. 
  (h)        Withholding Taxes; Deductions  .  The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state and local taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  Executive agrees that the Company may, at any time during, or in any event upon termination of his employment, deduct from Executive's compensation, any monies due by Executive to the Company for any overpayment made and/or outstanding loans, advances, relocation expenses and/or salary paid in respect of PTO that was taken but not earned, unless otherwise prohibited by law. 
  
   10 

Exhibit 10.1         

(i)        Counterparts; Effectiveness.    This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.  This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party hereto, including by fax or electronic pdf. 
  [  THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

11 

Exhibit 10.1         

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year that appears next their signatures: 
  EXECUTIVE 
    /s/ John Fawcett                     November 3, 2016 
  By: John Fawcett           Date         
                   
  COMPANY 
    /s/ Bruce Van Saun            November 3, 2016 
    By:     Bruce Van Saun              Date 
                            Chairman and CEO,                          Citizens Financial Group, Inc. 
  
   12 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 copyof121compratioearnings.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12.1 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

(1)    The portion of rents shown as representative of the interest factor is one-quarter of total net operating lease expenses. 
   (2)    The deficiency for this period was $3,468 million due in part to a goodwill impairment charge of $4,435 million ($4,080 million after tax). 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-12.2>
 4
 copyof122compratioearnings.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12.2 

CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS 

(1)    The portion of rents shown as representative of the interest factor is one-quarter of total net operating lease expenses. 
   (2)    The deficiency for this period was $3,468 million due in part to a goodwill impairment charge of $4,435 million ($4,080 million after tax). 

</EX-12.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a311certexhibitceo302-q320.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  I, Bruce Van Saun, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citizens Financial Group, Inc.;  
       
           2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
       
           3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
       
           a.  
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
       
           b.  
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
       
           c.  
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           d.  
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
           5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
       
           a.  
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           b.  
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.  
       
  Date: November 4, 2016                 

/s/ Bruce Van Saun 
      Bruce Van Saun 
      Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a312certexhibitcfo302-q320.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  I, Eric W. Aboaf, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citizens Financial Group, Inc.;  
       
           2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
       
           3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
       
           a.  
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
       
           c.  
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           d.  
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
           5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
       
           a.  
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           b.  
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.  
       
  Date: November 4, 2016                     

/s/ Eric W. Aboaf 
      Eric W. Aboaf 
      Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a321certexhibitceo906-q320.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby certify that:  

2. 
    The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 4, 2016 

/s/ Bruce Van Saun 
      Bruce Van Saun 
      Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff on request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a322certexhibitcfo906-q320.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby certify that:  

2. 
    The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 4, 2016 

/s/ Eric W. Aboaf 
      Eric W. Aboaf 
      Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff on request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 cfg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cfg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cfg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cfg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cfg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cfg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

