<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_704415_0000704415-16-000107_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7175641</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175563</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>352546</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2067098</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3233462</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1179184</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000704415-16-000107.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108161202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000704415-16-000107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTHWAYS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000704415
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		IRS NUMBER:				621117144
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19364
		FILM NUMBER:		161981410

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 COOL SPRINGS BOULEVARD
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6156144929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 COOL SPRINGS BOULEVARD
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN HEALTHWAYS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000322

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN HEALTHCORP INC /DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000704415-16-000107.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 form10-q_093016.htm
 HEALTHWAYS, INC. FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016

or

For the transition period from _____  to _____

Commission File Number   000-19364  

HEALTHWAYS, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

62-1117144

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer  Identification No.)

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes    

No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes    

No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer      

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes    

No    

As of October 31, 2016, there were outstanding 38,683,375 shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $.001 per share ("common stock").

1 

Healthways, Inc.

Form 10-Q

Table of Contents

Page

Part I

Item 1.

Financial Statements

3

Item 2.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

28

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

43

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures

43

Part II

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings

44

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

45

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

47

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities

47

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

47

Item 5.

Other Information

47

Item 6.

Exhibits

48

2 

Part I

Item 1.

Financial Statements

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

ASSETS

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

3 

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands, except share and per share data)

(Unaudited)

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

4 

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(In thousands, except earnings (loss) per share data)

(Unaudited)

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

5 

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016

(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

6 

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

7 

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Unaudited)

(1)

Basis of Presentation

Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP").  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Healthways, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, "Healthways," the "Company," or such terms as "we," "us," or "our") reflect all adjustments consisting of normal, recurring accruals necessary for a fair statement. We have reclassified certain items in prior periods to conform to current classifications.

Our results from continuing operations do not include the results of the total population health services ("TPHS") business, which we sold on July 31, 2016. The TPHS business included our partnerships with Blue Zones, LLC and Dr. Dean Ornish (the Blue Zones Project by Healthways  and Dr. Ornish's Program for Reversing Heart Disease ), the results of our joint venture with Gallup, Inc. ("Gallup") (see Note 8), our Navvis business, our MeYouHealth business and international operations, including our joint venture with SulAmerica. We sold the TPHS business, excluding Navvis and MeYouHealth, which had been previously sold separately to other buyers (see Notes 3 and 4). Results of operations for the TPHS business have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

On March 11, 2015, we formed a joint venture with SulAm rica, one of the largest independent insurers in Brazil, to sell total population health services to the Brazilian market. With its contribution, SulAm rica acquired a 49% interest in the joint venture, Healthways Brasil Servicos de Consultoria LTDA ("Healthways Brazil"). We determined that our interest in Healthways Brazil represented a controlling financial interest and, therefore, prior to selling the TPHS business, consolidated the financial statements of Healthways Brazil and presented a noncontrolling interest for the portion owned by SulAm rica. The net assets and results of operations of Healthways Brazil are included within discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

We have omitted certain financial information that is normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP but that is not required for interim reporting purposes. You should read the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.

(2)

Recent Relevant Accounting Standards

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, which creates Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" ("ASC Topic 606") and supersedes ASC Topic 605, "Revenue Recognition." The provisions of ASC Topic 606 provide for a single comprehensive principles-based standard for the recognition of revenue across all industries and expanded disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue, as well as certain additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASC Topic 606.

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.   2014-15, "  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,"   which   requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern and, if so, provide certain footnote disclosures.   This ASU   is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods thereafter. We do not anticipate that adopting this standard will have an impact on the financial statements and are currently evaluating the potential impact to our footnote disclosures. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, "  which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This ASU was adopted in the first quarter of 2016 and has been applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. The adoption of this standard resulted in debt issuance costs being presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability and totaled $2.9 million and $4.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

8 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes" ("ASU 2015-17"), which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by eliminating the separate classification of deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in the consolidated balance sheet. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 require that all deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. This ASU was adopted in the first quarter of 2016 and is presented prospectively.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases"   ("ASU 2016-02"), which requires that lessees recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms greater than twelve months in the statement of financial position. ASU 2016-02 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim reporting periods within those years. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In March 2016, the FASB Issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" ("ASU 2016-09").  ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing how the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will impact our our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows" (Topic 230) ("ASU 2016-15").  ASU No. 2016-15 addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective in the first quarter of 2018, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied using a retrospective approach. The company is currently evaluating the potential effects of adopting the provisions of ASU No. 2016-15.

(3)

Discontinued Operations

On July 27, 2016, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Sharecare, Inc. ("Sharecare"), and Healthways SC, LLC ("Healthways SC"), a newly formed Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which Sharecare acquired the TPHS business, which closed July 31, 2016 ("Closing").

Upon the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (the "Closing"), Sharecare delivered to the Company an Adjustable Convertible Equity Right (the "ACER") with an initial face value of $30.0 million, which will be convertible into shares of common stock of Sharecare 24 months after the Closing, at an initial conversion price of $249.87 per share, subject to customary adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and other reorganizations of Sharecare.  Additionally, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we paid Sharecare $25.0 million in cash at the Closing to fund projected losses of the TPHS business during the year following the Closing (the "Transition Year"). Pursuant to Sharecare's acquisition of the TPHS business, our ownership interest in the joint venture with Gallup was transferred to Sharecare. We agreed with Sharecare to be responsible for two-thirds of the remaining payment obligations in respect of the purchase price to be paid in connection with Sharecare's acquisition of additional membership interest in the joint venture. This obligation is currently expected to result in aggregate payments by us of approximately $4.2 million, payable in five equal quarterly installments beginning in the fourth quarter of the 2016 calendar year and ending in the fourth quarter of the 2017 calendar year.

The Purchase Agreement provided for post-closing adjustments based on (i) net working capital (which may result in a cash payment by the Company to Sharecare in the event of a net working capital deficit, or an increase in the face amount of the ACER in the event of a net working capital surplus), (ii) negative cash flows of the TPHS business during the Transition Year in excess of $25.0 million (which may result in a reduction in the face amount of the ACER up to a maximum reduction of $20.0 million), and (iii) any successful claims for indemnification by Sharecare (which may result in a reduction in the face amount of the ACER, unless the Company elects, in its sole discretion, to satisfy any such successful claims with cash payments).

9 

We recorded the ACER net of the $20.0 million face value maximum negative cash flow adjustment, or $10.0 million face value, at its estimated fair value of $2.7 million as of Closing.  We have classified this amount as an equity receivable included in other assets.  We will record the $20.0 million face value contingent portion of the ACER at its estimated fair value as of the date the contingency is resolved, expected to be approximately 12 months from Closing. As of September 30, 2016, we recorded an estimate of the net working capital adjustment (a surplus), which increased the estimated fair value of the ACER to $ 6.0 million .  The working capital adjustment is subject to the review process defined in the Purchase Agreement.

The terms of the Purchase Agreement also impacted other existing contractual commitments, including the elimination of the minimum fee requirements under our technology services outsourcing agreement with HP Enterprise Services, LLC.

Effective July 31, 2016, in connection with the Closing, the Company and CareFirst Holdings, LLC ("CareFirst"), agreed to terminate the Investment Agreement (discussed in Note 7).  In connection with the Closing, all of the Commercial Agreements (defined in Note 7) between the Company and CareFirst relating to the TPHS business were transferred to Healthways SC that, effective at the Closing, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sharecare.  As a result, CareFirst will no longer have the opportunity to earn CareFirst Warrants in respect of the periods following the Closing.  The Convertible Note, the Registration Rights Agreement and the CareFirst Warrants previously issued to CareFirst were not affected by the termination of the Investment Agreement.

The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities related to the disposition of the TPHS business:

10 

The following table presents financial results of the TPHS business included in "income (loss) from discontinued operations" for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.

The depreciation, amortization and significant operating and investing non-cash items of the discontinued operations  were as follows:

11 

The change in carrying amount of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is shown below:

In November 2015, we sold Navvis Healthcare, LLC, a provider of healthcare consulting and advisory services, for $4.4 million in cash, which resulted in a gain of $1.9 million.

In June 2016, we sold the assets of MeYou Health, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that was engaged in the business of developing and delivering certain digital health applications, for $5.5 million in cash and additional contingent consideration up to $1.5 million, which resulted in a loss of $4.8 million. This loss is included in losses from discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.

No goodwill was allocated to the disposal group in connection with the sale of the TPHS business.

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the gross amount of goodwill totaled $517.0 million and $519.3 million, respectively, and we had accumulated impairment losses of $182.4 million.

(5)

Share-Based Compensation

We currently have four types of share-based awards outstanding to our employees and directors: stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock and market stock units. We believe that our share-based awards align the interests of our employees and directors with those of our stockholders.

We estimate share-based compensation expense based on the number of awards expected to vest, after consideration of expected forfeitures and estimated vesting of performance-based stock units. We recognize share-based compensation expense for the market stock units if the requisite service period is rendered, even if the market condition is never satisfied. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized share-based compensation costs of $10.0 million and $15.4 million, respectively, of which $8.4 million and $10.2 million, respectively, are in discontinued operations and include the acceleration of vesting of all unvested stock options, market stock units and restricted stock units held by two former senior executives as of Closing who had accepted employment with Sharecare.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized share-based compensation costs of $1.7 million and $7.5 million, respectively. 

12 

A summary of our stock options as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the nine months then ended is presented below:

There were no stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.

The following table shows a summary of our restricted stock and restricted stock units as of September 30, 2016, as well as activity during the nine months then ended:

13 

Market stock units granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016 have a multi-year performance period ending in 2019 and vest three years from the grant date. 

The following table shows a summary of our market stock units as of September 30, 2016, as well as activity during the nine months then ended:

(6)

Income Taxes

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had an effective income tax rate from continuing operations of 73.2%, compared to an effective income tax rate of 39.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an income tax benefit of $9.6 million related to  a reversal of a domestic deferred tax asset valuation allowance initially recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015.   We believe that projected core earnings of the remaining Network Solutions business will be sufficient to utilize the net operating losses within the expiration period.  We recorded $15.6 million of incremental tax expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to the first half of 2016,  a period in which no income tax provision was recorded due to tax benefits on losses generated by discontinued operations .

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had an effective tax income tax rate from continuing operations of 23.0%, compared to an effective income tax rate of 39.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an income tax benefit of $9.6 million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the  reversal of a domestic deferred tax asset valuation allowance initially recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 . 

At September 30, 2016, we also made the determination to release substantially all of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets generated from net operating losses incurred by the TPHS business for the period from January 1, 2016 through Closing. We retained a valuation allowance of approximately $10.0 million on deferred tax assets related to capital losses incurred in the sale of the TPHS business as well as on deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an increase of $1.1 million to the valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets in the U.S. Federal and state jurisdictions, as well as in certain foreign jurisdictions. At September 30, 2016, we had approximately $191.7 million of federal loss carryforwards and approximately $209.3 million of state loss carryforwards. 

We file income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax years remaining subject to examination in these major jurisdictions include 2013 to present.  

14 

(7)

Long-Term Debt

The Company's long-term debt, net of unamortized deferred loan costs, consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:

Credit Facility

On June 8, 2012, we entered into the Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (as amended, the "Fifth Amended Credit Agreement").  As amended in August 2016 and further described below, the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement provides us with a $125 million revolving credit facility that includes a swingline sub facility of $20 million and a $75 million sub facility for letters of credit.  The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement also provides a $200 million term loan facility, $65 million of which remained outstanding at September 30, 2016, and an uncommitted incremental accordion facility of $100 million.

Borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement generally bear interest at variable rates based on a margin or spread in excess of either (1) the one-month, two-month, three-month or six-month rate (or with the approval of affected lenders, nine-month or twelve-month rate) for Eurodollar deposits ("LIBOR", which may not be less than zero), or (2) the greatest of (a) the SunTrust Bank prime lending rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.00% (the "Base Rate"), as selected by the Company.  The LIBOR margin varies between 1.75% and 3.00%, and the Base Rate margin varies between 0.75% and 2.00%, depending on our leverage ratio.  The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement also provides for an annual fee ranging between 0.30% and 0.50% of the unused commitments under the revolving credit facility.  Extensions of credit under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement are secured by guarantees from all of the Company's active domestic subsidiaries and by security interests in substantially all of the Company's and such subsidiaries' assets.

On August 4, 2016, we entered into the Eighth Amendment to the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement (the "Eighth Amendment").  The Eighth Amendment (1) extends the expiration date of the Company's revolving credit facility and the maturity date of the Company's term loan facility under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement from June 8, 2017 to June 8, 2018 (the "Extended Maturity Date") and (2) amends the definition of "Consolidated EBITDA" to include an add-back for certain non-cash gains and losses and to take into account certain financial consequences of the sale by the Company of its TPHS business to Sharecare pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement.  The Eighth Amendment contemplated that some lenders might not agree to the Extended Maturity Date and preserved June 8, 2017 as the non-extended maturity date (the "Non-Extended Maturity Date") for such lenders.  Lenders holding $45.3 million of the revolving commitments and $25.4 million of outstanding term loans did not consent to the Extended Maturity Date.  On the Non-Extended Maturity Date, the revolving commitments of non-consenting revolving lenders will terminate and any outstanding term loans and revolving loans owed to non-consenting lenders must be paid in full.  The outstanding revolving loans under the revolving credit facility held by consenting lenders must be paid in full on June 8, 2018.  We are required to repay term loans in quarterly principal installments aggregating 2.500% of the original aggregate principal amount of the term loans ($5.0 million) during each of the remaining quarters prior to maturity on June 8, 2018, at which time the entire unpaid principal balance of the term loans held by consenting lenders is due and payable.

15 

The impact of the Eighth Amendment on the maturity of our debt is reflected in our balance sheet.  As of September 30, 2016, availability under the revolving credit facility totaled $86.6 million.

The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that require us to maintain, as defined, specified ratios or levels of (1) total funded debt to EBITDA and (2) fixed charge coverage. The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement contains various other affirmative and negative covenants that are typical for financings of this type.  Among other things, the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement limits repurchases of our common stock and the amount of dividends that we can pay to holders of our common stock.

1.50% Cash Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018

On July 16, 2013, we completed the issuance of $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of cash convertible senior notes due 2018 (the "Cash Convertible Notes"), which bear interest at a rate of 1.50% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2014. The Cash Convertible Notes will mature on July 1, 2018, unless earlier repurchased or converted into cash in accordance with their terms prior to such date. At the option of the holders, the Cash Convertible Notes are convertible into cash based on the conversion rate set forth below only upon occurrence of certain triggering events as defined in the Indenture dated as of July 8, 2013 by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, none of which had occurred as of September 30, 2016. Accordingly, we have classified the Cash Convertible Notes as long-term debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Cash Convertible Notes are not convertible into our common stock or any other securities under any circumstances. The initial cash conversion rate is approximately 51.38 shares of our common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Cash Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $19.46 per share of common stock). The Cash Convertible Notes are our senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to any of our indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Cash Convertible Notes. As a result of this transaction, we recognized deferred loan costs of approximately $3.9 million, which are being amortized over the term of the Cash Convertible Notes using the effective interest method.

Although the Cash Convertible Notes are not currently convertible, the Cash Convertible Notes will become convertible into cash during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to approximately $25.30 per share. 

The cash conversion feature of the Cash Convertible Notes (the "Cash Conversion Derivative") requires bifurcation from the Cash Convertible Notes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815, "Derivatives and Hedging" ("ASC Topic 815"), and is recorded in other long-term liabilities as a derivative liability and carried at fair value. The fair value of the Cash Conversion Derivative at the time of issuance of the Cash Convertible Notes was $36.8 million, which was recorded as a debt discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Cash Convertible Notes. The debt discount is being amortized over the term of the Cash Convertible Notes using the effective interest method. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $5.6 million of interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discount based upon an effective interest rate of 5.7%. The net carrying amount of the Cash Convertible Notes at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $135.9 million and $130.3 million, respectively, net of the unamortized discount of $14.1 million and $19.7 million, respectively.

In connection with the issuance of the Cash Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions (the "Cash Convertible Notes Hedges"), which are cash-settled and are intended to reduce our exposure to potential cash payments that we would be required to make if holders elect to convert the Cash Convertible Notes at a time when our stock price exceeds the conversion price. The initial cost of the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges was $36.8 million. The Cash Convertible Notes Hedges are recorded in other assets as a derivative asset under FASB ASC Topic 815 and are carried at fair value.  See Note 9 for additional information regarding the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and the Cash Conversion Derivative and their fair values as of September 30, 2016.

In July 2013, we also sold separate privately negotiated warrants (the "Warrants") initially relating, in the aggregate, to a notional number of shares of our common stock underlying the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges. The Warrants have an initial strike price of approximately $25.95 per share, which effectively increases the conversion price of the Cash Convertible Notes to a 60% premium to our stock price on July 1, 2013. The Warrants will be net share settled by issuing a number of shares of our common stock per Warrant corresponding to the excess of the market price per share of our common stock (as measured on each warrant exercise date under the terms of the Warrants) over the applicable strike price of the Warrants. The Warrants meet the definition of derivatives under the guidance in ASC Topic 815; however, because these instruments have been determined to be indexed to our own stock and meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC Topic 815, the Warrants have been accounted for as an adjustment to our additional paid-in-capital.

16 

If the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the Warrants, the Warrants will have a dilutive effect on net income per share, and the "treasury stock" method will be used in calculating the dilutive effect on earnings per share.

CareFirst Convertible Note

On October 1, 2013, we entered into an Investment Agreement (the "Investment Agreement") with CareFirst Holdings, LLC ("CareFirst"), which was in addition to certain commercial agreements between us and CareFirst relating to, among other things, disease management and care coordination services (the "Commercial Agreements"). Pursuant to the Investment Agreement, we issued to CareFirst a convertible subordinated promissory note in the aggregate original principal amount of $20 million (the "CareFirst Convertible Note") for a purchase price of $20 million. The CareFirst Convertible Note bears interest at a rate of 4.75% per year, payable quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each calendar year, beginning on December 31, 2013. The CareFirst Convertible Note may be prepaid only under limited circumstances and upon the terms and conditions specified therein. If the CareFirst Convertible Note has not been fully converted or redeemed in accordance with its terms, it will mature on October 1, 2019.  The CareFirst Convertible Note is subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment in full of (a) all of our indebtedness under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below) and (b) any other of our senior debt, which currently includes only the Cash Convertible Notes.

The CareFirst Convertible Note is convertible into shares of our common stock at the conversion rate determined by dividing (a) the sum of the portion of the principal to be converted and accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such principal by (b) the conversion price equal to $22.41 per share of our common stock.  The conversion price is subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations, reclassifications and similar events. In October 2016, subsequent to the third quarter of 2016, CareFirst elected to convert the full amount of the CareFirst Convertible Note into 892,458 shares of our common stock with a conversion price equal to $22.41 per share.

CareFirst had an opportunity to earn warrants to purchase shares of our common stock ("CareFirst Warrants") based on achievement of certain quarterly thresholds (the "Revenue Thresholds") for revenue derived from both the Commercial Agreements and from new business to us from third parties as a result of an introduction or referral to us by CareFirst (collectively, the "Quarterly Revenue").  If the Quarterly Revenue was greater than or equal to the applicable Revenue Threshold for any quarter ending on or prior to September 30, 2017, then we would issue to CareFirst a certain number of warrants exercisable for the number of shares of our common stock ("CareFirst Warrant Shares") determined in accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement unless (i) CareFirst elected to receive a cash payment in accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement or (ii) there was a change of control. The aggregate number of CareFirst Warrant Shares in any single 12-month period beginning on October 1, 2013 could not exceed 400,000, and the aggregate number of CareFirst Warrant Shares issuable pursuant to the Investment Agreement could not exceed 1,600,000. 

Also on October 1, 2013, in connection with the execution of the Investment Agreement, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement") with CareFirst, pursuant to which we agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any registration statement covering an underwritten offering of our common stock for our own account or for the account of any holder of our common stock (other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor thereto) to include those registrable common shares that any holder of such registrable common shares has requested to be registered. 

17 

Effective July 31, 2016, in connection with the consummation of the sale of the TPHS business (as discussed in Note 3), the Investment Agreement was terminated, and all of the Commercial Agreements between the Company and CareFirst relating to the TPHS business were transferred to an entity that, effective at the Closing, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sharecare, the buyer of the TPHS business.  As a result, CareFirst no longer has the opportunity to earn the CareFirst Warrants in respect of the periods following the Closing. The Convertible Note, the Registration Rights Agreement and the CareFirst Warrants previously issued to CareFirst were not affected by the termination of the Investment Agreement. As of July 31, 2016, we had issued 630,586 CareFirst Warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $15.61, 39,903 of which were issued in 2016. In September 2016, CareFirst exercised its right to convert 590,683 CareFirst Warrants for a total of 218,162 shares of our common stock in accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement.

(8)

Commitments and Contingencies

Summary 

We are subject to contractual disputes, claims and legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business.  While we are unable to estimate a range of potential losses, we do not believe that any of the legal proceedings pending against us as of the date of this report, some of which are expected to be covered by insurance policies, will have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.  As these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties, our view of these matters may change in the future.

Contractual Commitments 

In October 2012 we entered into a joint venture agreement with Gallup (the "Gallup Joint Venture") that required us to make payments over a five year period beginning January 2013. Pursuant to Sharecare's acquisition of the TPHS business, our ownership interest in the Gallup Joint Venture was transferred to Sharecare. We agreed with Sharecare to be responsible for two-thirds of the remaining payment obligations in respect of the purchase price to be paid in connection with Sharecare's acquisition of additional membership interest in the joint venture. This obligation is currently expected to result in aggregate payments by us of approximately $4.2 million, payable in five equal quarterly installments beginning in the fourth quarter of the 2016 calendar year and ending in the fourth quarter of 2017. The financial impact of the strategic relationship with Gallup and the Gallup Joint Venture are reflected in discontinued operations for all periods presented as each of these are a part of the sold TPHS business.

In May 2011, we entered into a ten-year applications and technology services outsourcing agreement with HP that contained minimum fee requirements. As a result of the sale of TPHS, the minimum fee requirements under our technology services outsourcing agreement with HP were eliminated. 

18 

(9)

Fair Value Measurements

We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid upon transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, assuming the transaction occurs in the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability.

Fair Value Hierarchy

The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels are:

Level 1:  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level 2:  Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-based valuation techniques in which all significant assumptions are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and typically reflect management's estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

In the third quarter of 2015, we observed factors causing a decline in future revenue projections as an indicator of an other than temporary impairment of the Gallup Joint Venture investment. Accordingly, we estimated the fair value of our investment using a discounted cash flow model. Estimating fair value requires significant judgments, including management's estimate of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term growth rate for the joint venture, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of the weighted average cost of capital. 

Based on our estimate of fair value prior to the disposition of the TPHS business, we determined that the present value of our remaining contractual cash obligations in the Gallup Joint Venture exceeded the estimated fair value, resulting in the recognition of a liability associated with the forward option to acquire additional membership interest (the "Gallup Derivative"). The Gallup Derivative was recorded as a derivative liability which has been reflected in our discontinued operations prior to the sale of the TPHS business in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815 and was carried at fair value. Upon the sale of the TPHS business, we remain obligated for two-thirds of the remaining payment obligations in respect of the purchase price to be paid in connection with the acquisition of additional membership interest in the Gallup Joint Venture as discussed in Note 8 above.

19 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value 

The following tables present our assets and liabilities measured at fair value at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015:

(1)    This column reflects the impact of netting derivative assets and liabilities by counterparty when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists.

The fair values of forward foreign currency exchange contracts are valued using broker quotations of similar assets or liabilities in active markets.  The fair values of interest rate swap agreements are primarily determined based on the present value of future cash flows using internal models and third-party pricing services with observable inputs, including interest rates, yield curves and applicable credit spreads. The fair values of the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges, the Cash Conversion Derivative and the Gallup Derivative are measured using Level 3 inputs because these instruments are not actively traded. The Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and the Cash Conversion Derivative are valued using an option pricing model that uses observable and unobservable market data for inputs, such as expected time to maturity of the derivative instruments, the risk-free interest rate, the expected volatility of our common stock and other factors. The Gallup Derivative was valued as the difference in the present value of our remaining cash commitments and the fair value of such commitments. The Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and the Cash Conversion Derivative were designed such that changes in their fair values would offset one another, with minimal impact to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Therefore, the sensitivity of changes in the unobservable inputs to the option pricing model for such instruments is mitigated.

20 

The following table presents our financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3):

The gains and losses included in earnings noted above represent the change in the fair value of these financial instruments and are recorded each period in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The gains and losses on the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and Cash Conversion Derivative have been recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses, and the settlement on the Gallup Derivative has been recorded as a part of discontinued operations.

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments

In addition to interest rate swap agreements, the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and the Cash Conversion Derivative, the estimated fair values of which are disclosed above, the estimated fair value of each class of financial instruments at September 30, 2016 was as follows:

Cash and cash equivalents   The carrying amount of $0.7 million approximates fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments (less than three months).

Long-term debt   The estimated fair value of outstanding borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement, which includes a revolving credit facility and a term loan facility (see Note 7), and the Cash Convertible Notes are determined based on the fair value hierarchy as discussed above.  The revolving credit facility and the term loan facility are not actively traded and therefore are classified as Level 2 valuations based on the market for similar instruments.  The estimated fair value is based on the average of the prices set by the issuing bank given current market conditions and is not necessarily indicative of the amount we could realize in a current market exchange. The estimated fair value and carrying amount of outstanding borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement at September 30, 2016 are $95.7 million and $95.7 million, respectively.

The Cash Convertible Notes are actively traded and therefore are classified as Level 1 valuations. The estimated fair value at September 30, 2016, was $217.8 million, which is based on the last traded price of the Cash Convertible Notes on September 30, 2016, and the par value was $150.0 million. The carrying amount of the Cash Convertible Notes at September 30, 2016, was $135.9 million, which is net of the debt discount discussed in Note 7.

The CareFirst Convertible Note was issued at its fair value of $20.0 million on October 1, 2013. It is not actively traded and is not based upon either an observable market, other than the market for our common stock, or on an observable index and is therefore classified as a Level 3 valuation. At September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the CareFirst Convertible Note of $20.0 million approximated fair value. In October 2016, subsequent to the third quarter of 2016, CareFirst elected to convert the full amount of the CareFirst Convertible Note into shares of our common stock with a conversion price equal to $22.41 per share.

21 

(10)

Derivative Investments and Hedging Activities

We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to interest, the Cash Convertible Notes, and, prior to the sale of the TPHS business, foreign currencies and the fair value of the Gallup Derivative. We account for derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, which establishes accounting and reporting standards requiring that certain derivative instruments be recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at fair value. Additionally, changes in the derivative's fair value will be recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. As permitted under our master netting arrangements, the fair value amounts of our interest rate swaps and prior foreign currency options and/or forward contracts are presented on a net basis by counterparty in the consolidated balance sheets.

Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments 

Cash Flow Hedges

Derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded at estimated fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, with the effective portion of the gains and losses being reported in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss ("accumulated OCI").  Cash flow hedges for all periods presented consist solely of interest rate swap agreements, which effectively modify our exposure to interest rate risk by converting a portion of our floating rate debt to fixed rate obligations, thus reducing the impact of interest rate changes on future interest expense. Under these agreements, we receive a variable rate of interest based on LIBOR (as defined in Note 7), and we pay a fixed rate of interest with an interest rate of 1.480% plus a spread (see Note 7).  We maintain an interest rate swap agreement with a current notional amount of $50.0 million and a termination date of December 30, 2016. Gains and losses on these interest rate swap agreements are reclassified to interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings or the period in which all or a portion of the hedge becomes ineffective.  As of September 30, 2016, we expected to reclassify $0.05 million of net losses on interest rate swap agreements from accumulated OCI to interest expense within the next twelve months due to the scheduled payment of interest associated with our debt.

The following table shows the effect of our cash flow hedges on the consolidated balance sheets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:

Gains and losses representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current earnings.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no gains or losses on cash flow hedges recognized in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) resulting from hedge ineffectiveness.

22 

Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 

Our Cash Conversion Derivative, Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and prior to July 31, 2016,Gallup Derivative and foreign currency options and/or forward contracts, do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP and are measured at fair value, with gains and losses recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Other than the Gallup Derivative described in Note 9, these derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.

The Cash Conversion Derivative is accounted for as a derivative liability and carried at fair value. In order to offset the risk associated with the Cash Conversion Derivative, we entered into Cash Convertible Notes Hedges, which are cash-settled and are intended to reduce our exposure to potential cash payments that we would be required to make if holders elect to convert the Cash Convertible Notes at a time when our stock price exceeds the conversion price. The Cash Convertible Notes Hedges are accounted for as a derivative asset and carried at fair value.

Prior to July 31, 2016 and the sale of the TPHS business, the Gallup Derivative was accounted for as a derivative liability and carried at fair value.

The gains and losses resulting from a change in fair values of the Cash Conversion Derivative and the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges are reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The  settlement on the Gallup Derivative has been recorded as a part of discontinued operations. 

23 

Prior to the sale of the TPHS business, we also entered into foreign currency options and/or forward contracts in order to minimize our earnings exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  Our foreign currency exchange contracts required current period mark-to-market accounting, with any change in fair value being recorded each period in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) in selling, general and administrative expenses. We do not execute transactions or hold derivative financial instruments for trading or other purposes.

Financial Instruments  

The estimated gross fair values of derivative instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, excluding the impact of netting derivative assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists, were as follows:

See also Note 9 for more information on fair value measurements.

24 

The following is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of basic and diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:

25 

The following tables summarize the changes in accumulated OCI, net of tax, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:

The following table provides details about reclassifications out of accumulated OCI for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:

See Note 10 for further discussion of our interest rate swaps.

26 

(13)

Restructuring and Related Charges

In the third quarter of 2015, we began developing our reorganization and cost rationalization plan (the "2015 Restructuring Plan") that the Company committed to in October 2015, which was intended to improve efficiency and deliver greater value to our customers and stakeholders. Completion of the 2015 Restructuring Plan occurred with the completion of the sale of the TPHS business. We incurred a total of approximately $24 million in restructuring charges related to the 2015 Restructuring Plan, substantially all of which resulted in cash expenditures.

The following table shows the costs incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 directly related to our 2015 Restructuring Plan and other restructuring costs:

(1)  Consulting and other costs primarily consist of third-party consulting charges incurred in connection with the 2015 Restructuring Plan. Consulting and other costs also include approximately $0.2 million of lease termination payments.

(2)  Non-cash charges consist of share-based compensation costs.  

In the third quarter of 2016, we began the reorganization of our corporate support infrastructure (the "2016 Restructuring Plan"), which is intended to deliver greater value to our customers and stakeholders. We expect to incur a total of approximately  $6.0  million to  $7.0  million in restructuring charges related to the 2016 Restructuring Plan, with the majority of the charges expected to be incurred by the end of the fourth quarter of 2016 and the remainder in the first quarter of 2017. We expect that the total charges will consist of approximately  $5.0  million to  $6.0  million of severance and other employee-related costs and approximately  $1.0  million in consulting and other costs. The 2016 Restructuring Plan is expected to create cost savings beginning in 2017, with total annualized savings of approximately  $15.0  million to  $16.0  million.

The following table shows the costs incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 directly related to the 2016 Restructuring Plan:

(3)  Consulting and other costs primarily consist of third-party consulting charges incurred in connection with the 2016 Restructuring Plan. 

27  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Overview

On July 27, 2016, the Company announced the completion of its strategic assessment that began in October 2015, culminating in the sale of its TPHS business pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with Sharecare, Inc. and Healthways SC. The businesses sold include our partnerships with Blue Zones, LLC and Dr. Dean Ornish (the Blue Zones Project by Healthways  and Dr. Ornish's Program for Reversing Heart Disease ), as well as our joint venture with Gallup and international operations. The sale closed effective as of July 31, 2016. Additionally, in June 2016, we sold the assets of MeYou Health, LLC. Prior to these transactions, the Company was a provider of both network delivered solutions and TPHS which were collectively designed to help people improve their well-being, thereby improving their health and productivity and reducing their health-related costs. Our results from continuing operations do not include the results of the TPHS business that have been reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented.

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company initiated its corporate support infrastructure restructuring in order to appropriately support the new organization and expects to incur the majority of the remaining costs in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the balance in the first quarter of 2017.

Our retained Network Solutions business contains, among others, three large programs including the SilverSneakers  senior fitness program, the Prime Fitness program and the Physical Medicine access program. The SilverSneakers  senior fitness program is offered to members of Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement and Group Retiree plans. Our fitness networks encompass approximately 16,000 U.S. fitness center locations and more than 1,000 alternative locations providing classes only. We utilize the national network of fitness centers to also offer the Prime Fitness program through commercial health plans, employers and insurance exchanges. We also offer a Physical Medicine network of over 88,000 complementary, alternative, and physical medicine practitioners to serve individuals through health plans and employers who seek health services such as physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, chiropractic care, acupuncture and more.

28 

Forward-Looking Statements

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements, which are based upon management's current knowledge, assumptions, beliefs, estimates and expectations, involve a number of risks and uncertainties and are subject to the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical statements of fact and those regarding the intent, belief or expectations of the Company, including, without limitation, all statements regarding the Company's future earnings and results of operations, and can be identified by the use of words like "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "project," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan," or "continue" and similar expressions.  Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may vary from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to:

our ability to estimate the costs associated with, and to implement and realize the anticipated benefits of, the sale of the TPHS business;

the effectiveness of management's strategies and decisions, including the decision to sell the TPHS business, and focus exclusively on the retained Network Solutions business;

the effectiveness of the ongoing reorganization of Network Solutions;

the risks associated with recent changes to our senior management team;

our ability to sign and implement new contracts for our solutions;

our ability to accurately forecast the costs required to successfully implement new contracts;

our ability to renew and/or maintain contracts with our customers under existing terms or restructure these contracts on terms that would not have a material negative impact on our results of operations;

our ability to effectively compete against other entities, whose financial, research, staff and marketing resources may exceed our resources;

our ability to accurately forecast our revenues, margins, earnings and net income, as well as any potential charges that we may incur as a result of changes in our business and leadership;

29 

the impact of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the "PPACA"), on our operations and/or the demand for our services;

our ability to anticipate, change and respond to emerging trends for healthcare and the impact of the same on demand for our services;

the risks associated with deriving a significant concentration of our revenues from a limited number of customers;  

our ability to achieve estimated annualized revenue in backlog in the manner and within the timeframe we expect, which is based on certain estimates regarding the implementation of our services;

our ability and/or the ability of our customers to enroll participants and to accurately forecast their level of enrollment and participation in our programs in a manner and within the timeframe anticipated by us;

the ability of our customers to provide timely and accurate data that is essential to the operation and measurement of our performance under the terms of our contracts;

our ability to service our debt, make principal and interest payments as those payments become due and remain in compliance with our debt covenants;

the risks associated with changes in macroeconomic conditions, which may reduce the demand and/or the timing of purchases for our services from customers or potential customers, reduce the number of covered lives of our existing customers or restrict our ability to obtain additional financing;

the risks associated with the conditional cash conversion feature of the Cash Convertible Notes, which, if triggered, may adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations; 

counterparty risk associated with the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges, interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency exchange contracts;

30 

the risks associated with valuation of the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and the Cash Conversion Derivative, which may result in volatility to our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) if these transactions do not completely offset one another;

the risks associated with certain derivatives carried at fair value, which may result in volatility to our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss);

our ability to integrate new or acquired businesses, services (including outsourced services) or technologies into our business and to accurately forecast the related costs;

our ability to anticipate and respond to strategic changes, opportunities and emerging trends in our industry and/or business and to accurately forecast the related impact on our revenues and earnings;

the impact of any impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-term assets;

our ability to develop new products and deliver and report outcomes on those products;

our ability to implement our integrated data and technology solutions platform within the required timeframe and expected cost estimates and to develop and enhance this platform and/or other technologies to meet evolving customer and market needs;

our ability to obtain adequate financing to provide the capital that may be necessary to support our operations and to support or guarantee our performance under new contracts;

unusual and unforeseen patterns of healthcare utilization by individuals with diseases or conditions for which we provide services;

the ability of our customers to maintain the number of covered lives enrolled in the plans during the terms of our agreements;

the risks associated with data privacy or security breaches, computer hacking, network penetration and other illegal intrusions of our information systems or those of third-party vendors or other service providers, which may result in unauthorized access by third parties to customer, employee or our information or patient health information and lead to enforcement actions, fines and other litigation against us;

the impact of any new or proposed legislation, regulations and interpretations relating to Medicare or Medicare Advantage;

31 

the impact of future state and federal legislation and regulations applicable to our business, including PPACA, on our ability to deliver our services and on the financial health of our customers and their willingness to purchase our services;

current geopolitical turmoil, the continuing threat of domestic or international terrorism, and the potential emergence of a health pandemic or infectious disease outbreak;

the impact of legal proceedings involving us and/or our subsidiaries; and

other risks detailed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

We undertake no obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements.

Customer Contracts

Our fees are generally billed on a per member per month ("PMPM") basis, upon member participation, or upon a combination of both a PMPM and a fee for participation. For PMPM fees, we generally determine our contract fees by multiplying the contractually negotiated PMPM rate by the number of members covered by our services during the month. 

Our contracts with health plans generally range from three to five years. Some of our contracts allow the customer to terminate early.

32 

Business Strategy

Since October 2015, we were engaged in a comprehensive review of the Healthways organization: our business structure, costs, product offerings and delivery.  As a result of the assessment, effective as of July 31, 2016, we sold our TPHS business to Sharecare, a digital health company helping people manage all their healthcare in one place. The businesses sold include our partnerships with Blue Zones, LLC and Dr. Dean Ornish (the Blue Zones Project by Healthways  and Dr. Ornish's Program for Reversing Heart Disease ), our joint venture with Gallup and international operations.

In September 2016, we announced our "A-B-C" strategy designed to add new members and build engagement among current members in our existing three networks - SilverSneakers , Prime  Fitness and Physical Medicine - while at the same time identifying ways to collaborate with partners to develop new products and services.  We also announced a new organizational structure to support this strategy.   In addition to the A-B-C strategy, we are also focused on the needs of our health plan customers to meet the needs of their members as well as to provide a valuable service to improve the health and well-being of the consumers served by our networks and other products. 

The degree of our engagement and model of support is based on our customers' needs and preferences.  Within our Network Solutions Business, we have approximately 16,000 U.S. fitness center locations and more than 1,000 alternative locations providing classes only. We utilize the fitness center national network to deliver the SilverSneakers     Fitness proprietary curriculum and also offer the Prime Fitness program. 

Critical Accounting Policies

We describe our accounting policies in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  We prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Following the sale of the TPHS business, we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical in understanding the estimates and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements and the uncertainties that could impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

33 

Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenue as services are performed when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, collectibility is reasonably assured and amounts are fixed or determinable.

Our fees are generally billed on a PMPM basis or upon member participation, such as for services provided under the Healthways  SilverSneakers  fitness solution. For PMPM fees, we generally determine our contract fees by multiplying the contractually negotiated PMPM rate by the number of members eligible for or receiving our services during the month. Some of our contracts, predominantly within the now disposed TPHS business, were performance-based and placed a portion of our fees at risk based on achieving certain performance metrics, cost savings, and/or clinical outcomes improvements.

We generally bill our customers each month for the entire amount of the fees contractually due for the prior month's enrollment, which typically includes the amount, if any, that is performance-based and may be subject to refund should we not meet performance targets. Fees for participation are typically billed in the month after the services are provided. 

We recognize revenue as follows: (1) we recognize the fixed portion of PMPM fees and fees for service as revenue during the period we perform our services; and (2) we recognize performance-based revenue based on the most recent assessment of our performance, which represents the amount that the customer would legally be obligated to pay if the contract were terminated as of the latest balance sheet date.

We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09, (as discussed under "Recent Relevant Accounting Standards" below) will have on our revenue recognition policies and procedures, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financial disclosures, and control framework.

34 

Impairment of Intangible Assets and Goodwill

We review goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year) or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  Following the sale of the TPHS business effective July 31, 2016, a single reporting unit remains. 

We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If we conclude during the qualitative assessment that this is the case or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment, we perform a quantitative review as described below.

During a quantitative review of goodwill, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit using a combination of a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach, and in the event we were to have multiple reporting units, we reconcile the aggregate fair value of our reporting units to our consolidated market capitalization. Estimating fair value requires significant judgments, including management's estimate of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term growth rate for our business, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital, as well as relevant comparable company earnings multiples for the market-based approach. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the estimate of fair value and potential goodwill impairment for a reporting unit.

If we determine that the carrying value of goodwill is impaired, we calculate any impairment using a fair-value based goodwill impairment test as required by U.S. GAAP. The fair value of a reporting unit is the price that would be received upon a sale of the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

Except for a trade name that has an indefinite life and is not subject to amortization, we amortize identifiable intangible assets over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. We assess the potential impairment of intangible assets subject to amortization whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable. If we determine that the carrying value of other identifiable intangible assets may not be recoverable, we calculate any impairment using an estimate of the asset's fair value based on the estimated price that would be received to sell the asset in an orderly transaction between market participants.

35 

Income Taxes

The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns.  Accounting for income taxes requires significant judgment in evaluating tax positions and in determining income tax provisions, including determination of deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against deferred tax assets.

Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are expected to be realized. When we determine that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be made and reflected in income. This determination will be made by considering various factors, including the reversal and timing of existing temporary differences, tax planning strategies and estimates of future taxable income exclusive of the reversal of temporary differences.

We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  U.S. GAAP also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures.  Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

36 

Share-Based Compensation

We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payment awards over the required vesting period based on estimated fair values at the date of grant.  Determining the fair value of stock options at the grant date requires judgment in developing assumptions, which involve a number of variables.  These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and expected stock option exercise behavior.  In addition, we also use judgment in estimating the number of share-based awards that are expected to be forfeited.

Results of Operations

The following table shows the components of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 expressed as a percentage of revenues for continuing operations.

(1)  Figures may not add due to rounding.

37 

Revenues

Revenues from continuing operations increased $11.5 million, or 10.1%, and $37.5 million, or 11.1%, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to the following:

an increase in the number of members eligible to participate in our fitness solutions, primarily due to increased enrollment in Medicare Advantage resulting in growth in our customers' membership; and

an increase in average participation per member in our fitness solutions, primarily due to our initiatives to drive higher participation.

Cost of Services

Cost of services from continuing operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) as a percentage of revenues increased to 71.3% and 71.6% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 69.5% and 69.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to:

an increase in the level of short-term incentive compensation expense based on the Company's projected financial performance against established targets; and

an increase in the average participation per member, and corresponding costs of participation, under certain contracts in which our compensation is fixed per member.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses from continuing operations as a percentage of revenues increased to 8.3% and 8.0%, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 5.7% and 7.8%, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily due to an increase in the level of short-term incentive compensation expense (as described above) and increased post-sale separation and consulting expenses incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 partially offset by the following:

expenses incurred in the first six months of 2015 associated with the termination in May 2015 of our former president and chief executive officer; and

legal fees incurred during the first quarter of 2015 related to a contractual dispute.

38 

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense for continuing operations remained relatively consistent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015.

Restructuring and Related Charges

In the third quarter of 2016, we began implementing the 2016 Restructuring Plan and incurred approximately $1.1 million in restructuring charges related to this 2016 Restructuring Plan. We expect to incur a total of approximately  $6.0  million to  $7.0  million in restructuring charges related to the 2016 Restructuring Plan, with the majority of the charges expected to be incurred by the end of the fourth quarter of 2016 and the remainder in the first quarter of 2017. We expect that the total charges will consist of approximately  $5.0  million to  $6.0  million of severance and other employee-related costs and approximately  $1.0  million in consulting and other costs. The 2016 Restructuring Plan is expected to create cost savings beginning in 2017, with total annualized savings of approximately  $15.0  million to  $16.0  million.

Interest Expense

Interest expense remained relatively consistent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015.

Income Tax Expense

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had an effective income tax rate from continuing operations of 73.2%, compared to an effective income tax rate of 39.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an income tax benefit of $9.6 million related to  a reversal of a domestic deferred tax asset valuation allowance initially recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015.   We believe that projected core earnings of the remaining Network Solutions business will be sufficient to utilize the net operating losses within the expiration period.  We recorded $15.6 million of incremental tax expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to the first half of 2016,  a period in which no income tax provision was recorded due to tax benefits on losses generated by discontinued operations .

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had an effective tax income tax rate from continuing operations of 23.0%, compared to an effective income tax rate of 39.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an income tax benefit of $9.6 million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the  reversal of a domestic deferred tax asset valuation allowance initially recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 . 

39 

Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations

The loss from discontinued operations represents the loss on the sale of the TPHS business of $200.6 million as well as the loss on the sale of the assets of MeYou Health, LLC of $4.8 million.  The loss from discontinued operations is net of income tax benefit and includes movements in the valuation allowance allocated to discontinued operations.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $76.4 million and outstanding aggregate borrowings under our term loan of $39.9 million due by June 30, 2017.  As of October 25, 2016, we had cash of $18.8 million, and, based upon the pro-forma calculations of compliance with the restrictive covenants under our credit agreement we anticipate the ability to borrow under the revolving credit facility up to a maximum of $125.0 million through June 8, 2017 and up to a maximum of $79.7 million for the period beginning on June 9, 2017 and ending on June 8, 2018. We believe our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and available borrowings are sufficient to fund our operations, debt payments and capital expenditures for the next twelve months and the foreseeable future.

Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, provided cash of $13.1 million, compared to $38.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the following:

the estimated net working capital surplus upon the sale of the TPHS business for which we have recorded an increase in the face value of the ACER; and

accrued salaries and benefits paid to employees who transitioned to Sharecare upon the sale of the TPHS business.

Cash Used in Investing Activities

Investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, used $37.3 million in cash, which primarily consisted of the $25.0 million cash payment made to Sharecare at the Closing to fund projected losses of the TPHS business during the Transition Year as well as capital expenditures, most of which were associated with our TPHS Embrace platform.

40 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities

Financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, provided cash of $22.2 million primarily due to net borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement as well as the change in our cash overdraft position.

Credit Facility

For a detailed description of the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report.  The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that require us to maintain specified ratios or levels at September 30, 2016 of (1) a maximum total funded debt to EBITDA of 3.75 and (2) a minimum total fixed charge coverage of 1.50. We were in compliance with all of the financial covenant requirements of the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2016. 

Cash Convertible Senior Notes

For a detailed description of the Cash Convertible Notes, Cash Convertible Notes Hedges, Cash Conversion Derivative, and Warrants entered into in July 2013, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Aside from the initial premium paid, we will not be required to make any cash payments under the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges and could be entitled to receive an amount of cash from the option counterparties generally equal to the amount by which the market price per share of common stock exceeds the strike price of the Cash Convertible Note Hedges during the relevant valuation period. The strike price under the Cash Convertible Notes Hedges is initially equal to the conversion price of the Cash Convertible Notes. Although the Cash Convertible Notes are not currently convertible, the Cash Convertible Notes will become convertible into cash during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to approximately $25.30 per share. The estimated fair value based on the last traded price of the Cash Convertible Note at September 30, 2016 was $217.8 million (as discussed in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report). Additionally, if the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the Warrants on any warrant exercise date, we will be obligated to issue to the option counterparties a number of shares based on the amount by which the then-current market price per share of our common stock exceeds the then-effective strike price of each Warrant. We will not receive any additional proceeds if the Warrants are exercised.

CareFirst Convertible Note

For a description of the CareFirst Convertible Note and CareFirst Warrants, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report.

General

We believe that cash flows from operating activities, our available cash, and our anticipated available credit under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement will continue to enable us to meet our contractual obligations and fund our current operations and debt payments for at least the next 12 months.  We cannot assure you that we would always be able to secure additional financing if needed and, if such funds were available, whether the terms or conditions would be acceptable to us.

If contract development accelerates or acquisition opportunities arise, we may need to issue additional debt or equity securities to provide the funding for these increased growth opportunities. We may also issue debt or equity securities in connection with future acquisitions or strategic alliances.  We cannot assure you that we would be able to issue additional debt or equity securities on terms that would be acceptable to us.

41 

Recent Relevant Accounting Standards

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, which creates ASC Topic 606 and supersedes ASC Topic 605, "Revenue Recognition." The provisions of ASC Topic 606 provide for a single comprehensive principles-based standard for the recognition of revenue across all industries and expanded disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue, as well as certain additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASC Topic 606.

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.   2014-15, "  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,"   which   requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern and, if so, provide certain footnote disclosures.   This ASU   is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods thereafter. We do not anticipate that adopting this standard will have an impact on the financial statements and are currently evaluating the potential impact to our footnote disclosures. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, "  which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This ASU was adopted in the first quarter of 2016 and has been applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. The adoption of this standard resulted in debt issuance costs being presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability and totaled $2.9 million and $4.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by eliminating the separate classification of deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in the consolidated balance sheet. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 require that all deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. This ASU was adopted in the first quarter of 2016 and presented prospectively.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, which requires that lessees recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms greater than twelve months in the statement of financial position. ASU 2016-02 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim reporting periods within those years. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In March 2016, the FASB Issued ASU No. 2016-09.  ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing how the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will impact our our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15. ASU No. 2016-15 addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective in the first quarter of 2018, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied using a retrospective approach. The company is currently evaluating the potential effects of adopting the provisions of ASU No. 2016-15.

42 

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are subject to market risk related to interest rate changes, primarily as a result of the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement.  Borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement generally bear interest at variable rates based on a margin or spread in excess of either (1) one-month, two-month, three-month or six-month (or with the approval of affected lenders, nine-month or twelve-month) LIBOR or (2) the greatest of (a) the SunTrust Bank prime lending rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (c) the Base Rate, as selected by the Company.  The LIBOR margin varies between 1.75% and 3.00%, and the Base Rate margin varies between 0.75% and 2.00%, depending on our leverage ratio. 

In order to reduce our interest rate exposure under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement, we have entered into interest rate swap agreements effectively converting a portion of our floating rate debt to fixed obligations with an interest rate of 1.480% plus a spread.

We estimate that a one-point interest rate change would have resulted in a change in interest expense of approximately $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and interim chief financial officer, has reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of September 30, 2016.  Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and interim chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.  They are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and interim chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

43 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Except for the controls within the TPHS Business, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Part II

Other Information

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings

We are subject to contractual disputes, claims and legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business.  While we are unable to estimate a range of potential losses, we do not believe that any of the legal proceedings pending against us as of the date of this report, some of which are expected to be covered by insurance policies, will have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.  As these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties, our view of these matters may change in the future.

44 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

Reference is made to Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as updated by Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 for information concerning risk factors. The risks previously reported and described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as updated by our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, and in this report are not the only risks facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations.

Revised Risk Factors

The following risk factors included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 have changed and are restated in their entirety as follows: 

The performance of our business and the level of our indebtedness could prevent us from meeting the obligations under our credit agreement or the cash convertible senior notes or have an adverse effect on our future financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital, or our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry.

On June 8, 2012, we entered into the Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (as amended, the "Fifth Amended Credit Agreement"). On July 16, 2013, we completed the issuance of $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of cash convertible senior notes due 2018 (the "Cash Convertible Notes"). As of September 30, 2016, our long-term debt under these arrangements, including the current portion but excluding the debt discount, was  $ 245.7  million. 

Our ability to service our indebtedness (including the debt outstanding under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement and the Cash Convertible Notes) will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.  We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs.

The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement contains various financial covenants, restricts the payment of dividends, and limits the amount of repurchases of our common stock.  A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement in which all amounts outstanding under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement may become immediately due and payable and all commitments under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement to extend further credit may be terminated. In addition, a payment default, including an acceleration following an event of default, under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement or under our indenture for the Cash Convertible Notes could each trigger an event of default under the other debt instrument, which could result in the principal of and the accrued and unpaid interest on such debt becoming due and payable.

45 

Our indebtedness could adversely affect our future financial condition or our ability to react to changes in the economy or industry by, among other things:

increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions, loss of revenue and/or profit margins in our business, or to increases in interest rates, particularly with respect to the portion of our outstanding debt that is subject to variable interest rates;

potentially limiting our ability to obtain additional financing or to obtain such financing on favorable terms;

causing us to dedicate a portion of future cash flow from operations to service or pay down our debt, which reduces the cash available for other purposes, such as operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities; and

possibly limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be less leveraged.

The conditional cash conversion feature of the Cash Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and operating results.

In the event the Cash Conversion Derivative is triggered, holders of Cash Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert the Cash Convertible Notes at any time during specified periods at their option.  Although the Cash Convertible Notes are not currently convertible, the Cash Convertible Notes will become convertible into cash during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to approximately $25.30 per share. The last reported sale price of our common stock as reported on Nasdaq on   November 1, 2016   was $23.80   per share. If one or more holders elect to convert their Cash Convertible Notes, we would be required to pay cash to settle any such conversion, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Cash Convertible Notes, we would be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify the outstanding principal of the Cash Convertible Notes that are convertible as a current rather than long-term liability, which could result in a material reduction of our net working capital and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

46 

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

Pursuant to the Investment Agreement with CareFirst (as described in Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report), CareFirst had an opportunity to earn warrants based on achievement of Revenue Thresholds for Quarterly Revenue. In September 2016, CareFirst exercised its right to convert 590,683 CareFirst Warrants for a total of 218,162 shares of our common stock in accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement. The issuance of shares of the Company common stock as a result of the conversion of the CareFirst Warrants was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because it was a transaction not involving a public offering.

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities

Not Applicable.

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not Applicable.

Item 5.

Other Information

Not Applicable.

47 

Item 6.

Exhibits

(a)

Exhibits

10.1

Employment Agreement between the Company and Robert E. Dries (filed herewith)

10.2 
   
 Separation and Release Agreement between the Company and Robert E. Dries (filed herewith) 

10.3 
   
 Separation and Release Agreement effective August 8, 2016 between the Company and Alfred Lumsdaine (filed herewith) 

10.4

Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement dated October 10, 2016 between the Company and Alfred Lumsdaine (filed herewith) 

10.5 
   
 Amendment to Separation and Release Agreement dated October 16, 2016 between the Company and Alfred Lumsdaine (filed herewith) 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

31.2

Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

32

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

48 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Healthways, Inc.

(Registrant)

Date

November 8, 2016

By

/s/ Glenn Hargreaves

Interim Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

49 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1_093016.htm
 EX-10.1, EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN HEALTHWAYS & ROBERT E. DRIES

Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  is effective as of the date of the last signature hereto ("Effective Date") and is made by and between Healthways, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and the undersigned executive ("Executive"). This Agreement replaces and supersedes any other employment agreement between the Company and Executive.

WHEREAS , the Company desires that Executive serve or continue to serve in the role identified herein and Executive desires to hold such position under the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS , the parties desire to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the employment relationship of Executive with the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE , intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

I.       EMPLOYMENT  .  The Company hereby employs Executive and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

II.       TERM  .  Executive's employment shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years (the "Initial Term").  After the Initial Term, Executive's employment will have no fixed term. 

III.       POSITION  . Executive shall serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company performing duties commensurate with the position and such additional duties as the Company shall determine from time-to-time.  Executive agrees to serve, without any additional compensation, as may be requested by the Board or the Company from time-to-time, as a director on the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") and/or the board of directors of any subsidiary of the Company, and/or in one or more officer positions with the Company and/or any subsidiary of the Company.  When Executive's employment is terminated for any reason, Executive will resign as a director and/or officer of the Company (and any of its subsidiaries).  All resignations shall be effective no later than the Date of Termination, as defined in Section VI.J. 

IV.       DUTIES  . Executive shall devote Executive's full working time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company. 

V.      COMPENSATION  

A.       Base Salary  . Executive's initial base salary as of the Effective Date is $375,000.  The initial base salary and any increase is defined as the "Base Salary." The Base Salary is paid in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices and subject to applicable taxes and withholding. 

B.       Incentives  : Any short term incentive or bonus ("Bonus") or long term incentive award will be determined and paid to Executive in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Company's Bonus plan and/or long term incentive plan, as applicable. 

C.       Benefit Plans  .  Executive shall be entitled to participate in all applicable benefit plans maintained by the Company. 

VI.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT  . The termination of Executive's employment and this Agreement may occur as follows: 

A.       By Mutual Consent  .  The Company and Executive may agree in writing to terminate this Agreement at any time. 

B.       Death  . Upon Executive's death, the Company shall pay (i) Executive's Base Salary due through the date of Executive's death, (ii) plus a pro-rata portion of any Bonus or other compensation to which Executive is otherwise entitled as of the time of Executive's death, which Bonus amount will be determined and paid after the end of the fiscal year for which the Bonus was in place.  Base Salary due shall be paid to Executive's designated beneficiary on a date chosen by the Company at its sole discretion; provided, that such date shall be within thirty (30) days of Executive's death. All outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other unvested equity incentives shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties at the time of Executive's death. All Company contributions to the Capital Accumulation Plan ("CAP") for the benefit of Executive shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the CAP in effect at the time of Executive's death. The Company shall pay to Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be, amounts payable under the Company's life insurance policies and other plans as they relate to benefits following Executive's death.  Except as expressly stated in this Section VI.B., the Company shall have no further obligation to any of Executive's representatives, estate, or heirs. 

C.       Disability  . 

1.     By written notice, either party may terminate Executive's employment when: 

a.     Executive suffers a physical or mental disability entitling Executive to long-term disability benefits under the Company's long-term disability plan, if any, or 

b.     in the absence of a Company long-term disability plan, Executive is unable, as determined by the Company, to perform the essential functions of Executive's regular duties and responsibilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to a medically determinable physical or mental illness which has lasted (or can reasonably be expected to last) for a period of six (6) consecutive months. 

2.     In the event of termination of Executive's employment under this Section VI.C, Executive shall be entitled to receive: 

a.     all Base Salary and benefits due to Executive through the Date of Termination (payable within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination, with the date of such payment determined by the Company in its sole discretion) and a pro-rata portion of any Bonus or other compensation that Executive has earned as of the Date of Termination, which Bonus Plan amount will be determined after the end of the fiscal year for which the Bonus was in place and paid in accordance with the terms of the Company's Bonus plan; 

b.     an amount equal to Executive's Base Salary for a total of two (2) years following the Date of Termination following Executive's execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company; provided, that such release must be executed and become effective and any revocation period must expire within sixty (60) days of the Date of Termination in order for Executive to receive the payments described herein; and 

c.     if permitted under the Company's group medical insurance, group medical benefits at the same rate as then in effect for the Company's employees for two (2) years after the Date of Termination.  The costs of the Company's portion of any premiums due under this Section VI.C.2.c shall be included in Executive's gross income to the extent the provision of such benefits is deemed to be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 

3.     The amounts in Section VI.C.2.b. above shall be reduced by any disability insurance payments Executive receives as a result of Executive's disability, and shall be paid to Executive periodically at the Company's regular payroll dates commencing within sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination (such commencement date to be selected by the Company), provided that Executive has executed the release as described in Section VI.C.2.b. 

4.     All outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other unvested equity incentives shall be treated solely in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties on the Date of Termination. In addition, all amounts contributed by the Company to the CAP for the benefit of Executive shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the CAP as in effect on the Date of Termination. 

D.      By the Company for Cause  

1.     If Executive commits any of the following, the Company may terminate Executive's employment by written notice to Executive specifying the event(s) (each of which shall constitute "Cause" for termination): 

a.     continued failure to substantially perform Executive's duties after written notice and failure to cure within sixty (60) days; 

b.     conviction of a felony or engaging in misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company, monetarily or to its reputation or otherwise, or that would damage Executive's ability to effectively perform Executive's duties; 

c.     theft or dishonesty; 

d.     intoxication while on duty; or 

e.     willful violation of Company policies or procedures after written notice and failure to cure within thirty (30) days. 

2.     If Executive's employment is terminated under this Section VI.D., Executive shall be entitled to receive all Base Salary and benefits to be paid or provided to Executive under this Agreement through the Date of Termination, and nothing more, subject to Section VI.D.3. and Section VI.D.4. 

3.     The Company, in its sole discretion, may agree to accept a full release of claims in favor of the Company from Executive in return for which Company shall pay Executive a severance amount of six (6) months of Executive's Base Salary (payable periodically at the Company's regular payroll intervals, and commencing sixty (60) days following Executive's Termination) after Executive's execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company.  Such release must be executed and become effective and any revocation period must expire within sixty (60) days of the Date of Termination (the "For Cause Release Period") in order for Executive to receive severance benefits under this Section VI.D.3.  Nothing in this provision shall require Company to provide the six (6) months of severance or accept the release. 

4.     All outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other vested equity incentives shall be treated solely in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties on the Date of Termination. All unvested equity incentives shall terminate on the Date of Termination. In addition, all amounts contributed by the Company to the CAP for the benefit of Executive that have vested shall be paid out in accordance with the terms of the CAP as in effect on the Date of Termination. Executive shall not be entitled to receive any unvested Company contributions to the CAP. 

E.      By the Company Without Cause  

1.     Executive's employment may be terminated by the Company at any time without Cause by delivery of a written notice of termination to Executive. If Executive's employment is terminated under this Section VI.E., Executive shall be entitled to receive: 

a.     all Base Salary and benefits due to Executive through the Date of Termination (payable within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination, with the date of such payment determined by the Company in its sole discretion) and a pro-rata portion of any Bonus or other compensation that Executive has earned as of the Date of Termination, which Bonus or other compensation amount will be determined after the end of the fiscal year for which the Bonus was in place and paid in accordance with the terms of the Company's Bonus plan; 

b.     an amount equal to Executive's Base Salary for a total of two (2) years following the Date of Termination upon Executive's execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company; provided that such release must be executed and become effective and any revocation period must expire within sixty (60) days of the Date of Termination in order for Executive to receive the payments described herein; and 

c.     group medical benefits for two (2) years after the Date of Termination upon Executive's execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company as described in Section VI.E.1.b. The costs of the Company's portion of any premiums due under this Section VI.E.1.c. shall be included in Executive's gross income to the extent the provision of such benefits is deemed to be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Code. 

2.     The amounts in Section VI.E.1.b. and VI.E.1.c. above shall be paid to Executive periodically at the Company's regular payroll dates commencing within sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination (the commencement date will be determined by the Company) provided that Executive has executed the release as described in Section VI.E.1.b. 

3.     All outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other unvested equity incentives shall be treated solely in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties on the Date of Termination. In addition, all amounts contributed by the Company to the CAP for the benefit of Executive shall vest and thereafter be paid out in accordance with the terms of the CAP as in effect on the Date of Termination. 

F.      By Executive for Good Reason  

1.     Executive's employment may be terminated by Executive by written notice of Executive's resignation delivered within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of any of the following events, each of which shall constitute "Good Reason" for resignation and together shall be "Good Reason Events": 

a.     a material reduction in Executive's Base Salary (unless such reduction is part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all Company executives with a comparable role or title); and 

b.     a requirement by the Company to relocate Executive to a location that is greater than twenty-five (25) miles from the location of the office in which Executive performs Executive's duties hereunder at the time of such relocation; and 

c.     in connection with a Change in Control, a failure by the successor person or entity, or the Board, to honor this Agreement or to present Executive with an employment agreement containing provisions substantially similar to this Agreement or otherwise satisfactory to Executive and which is executed by Executive. 

2.     Executive shall give the Company written notice of Executive's intention to resign for Good Reason within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of one of the Good Reason Events.  The notice must state with reasonable specificity the Good Reason Event. Thereafter, the Company shall have sixty (60) days (the "Cure Period") to rescind the Good Reason Event(s).  If the Company rescinds the Good Reason Event(s) within the Cure Period, Executive no longer shall have the right to resign for Good Reason. If the Company fails to rescind the Good Reason Event(s) before the expiration of the Cure Period, then Executive may resign for Good Reason as long as the resignation for Good Reason occurs within thirty (30) days following the expiration of the Cure Period; otherwise the right to resign on the basis of such Good Reason Event(s) shall be deemed to have been waived.   If Executive resigns for Good Reason as defined in this Section VI.F., Executive shall be entitled to receive: 

a.     all Base Salary and benefits due to Executive under this Agreement through the Date of Termination (payable within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination, with the date of such payment determined by the Company in its sole discretion) and a pro-rata portion of any Bonus or other compensation that Executive has earned as of the Date of Termination, which Bonus amount will be determined after the end of the fiscal year for which the Bonus was in place and paid in accordance with the terms of the Company's Bonus plan; 

b.     an amount equal to Executive's Base Salary for a total of two (2) years following the Date of Termination upon Executive's execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company; provided, that such release must be executed and become effective and any revocation period must expire within sixty (60) days of the Date of Termination in order for Executive to receive the benefits described herein; and 

c.     group medical benefits for two (2) years after the Date of Termination upon Executive's execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company as described in Section VI.F.2.b.  The costs of the Company's portion of any premiums due under this Section VI.F.2.c. shall be included in Executive's gross income to the extent the provision of such benefits is deemed to be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Code. 

3.     The amounts in Section VI.F.2.b. and VI.F.2.c. above shall be paid to Executive periodically at the Company's regular payroll dates commencing within sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination (the commencement date which will be determined by the Company) provided that Executive has executed the release as described therein. 

4.     All outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other unvested equity incentives shall be treated solely in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties on the Date of Termination. In addition, all amounts contributed by the Company to the CAP for the benefit of Executive shall vest and thereafter be paid out in accordance with the terms of the CAP as in effect on the Date of Termination. 

G.      By Executive Without Good Reason  

1.     Executive may terminate Executive's employment at any time by delivery of a written notice of resignation to the Company no less than sixty (60) days and no more than ninety (90) days prior to the effective date of Executive's resignation. Executive shall receive all Base Salary and benefits due under this Agreement through the next payroll date following the Date of Termination, and nothing more. 

2.     Although Executive is not entitled to any severance amount in the event of termination pursuant to Section VI.G., the Company may, in its sole discretion, provide Executive with the opportunity to reduce the term of the non-compete and non-solicitation covenants in Section IX hereof, from twenty-four (24) months to eighteen (18) months, upon execution of a full release of claims in favor of the Company. 

3.     All outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other vested equity incentives shall be treated solely in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties on the Date of Termination. All unvested equity incentives shall terminate on the Date of Termination. In addition, all amounts contributed by the Company to the CAP for the benefit of Executive that have vested shall be paid out in accordance with the terms of the CAP as in effect on the Date of Termination. Executive shall not be entitled to receive any unvested Company contributions to the CAP. 

H.      Following a Change in Control  

1.     If Executive's termination of employment without Cause (pursuant to Section VI.E.) or by Executive for Good Reason (pursuant to Section VI.F.) occurs within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control and the termination is related to the event that triggered the Change in Control, then the amounts payable pursuant to Section VI.E. or Section VI.F. above, as the case may be, shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum no later than sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination, with the date of such payment determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Furthermore, all outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other unvested equity incentives shall be treated solely in accordance with the terms of the award agreements to which the Company and Executive are parties on the Date of Termination. In addition, all amounts contributed by the Company to the CAP for the benefit of Executive shall vest and thereafter be paid out in accordance with the terms of the CAP as in effect on the Date of Termination. 

2.     For the purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean any of the following events: 

a.     any person or entity, including a "group" as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), other than the Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary thereof or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner of the Company's securities having 35% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company that may be cast for the election of directors of the Company (other than as a result of an issuance of securities initiated by the Company in the ordinary course of business); or 

b.     as the result of, or in connection with, any cash tender or exchange offer, merger or other business combination, sales of assets or contested election, or any combination of the foregoing transactions, less than a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company or any successor corporation or entity entitled to vote generally in the election of the directors of the Company or such other corporation or entity after such transaction are held in the aggregate by the holders of the Company's securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company immediately prior to such transaction 

3.     To the extent that (i) any payment under this Agreement is payable solely upon or following the occurrence of a Change in Control and (ii) such payment is treated as "deferred compensation" for purposes of Code Section 409A, a Change in Control shall mean a "change in the ownership of the Company," a "change in the effective control of the Company," or a "change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company" as such terms are defined in Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) of the Treasury Regulations. 

I.       Delay of Payments Pursuant to Section 409A  .  It is intended that (1) each installment of the payments provided under this Agreement is a separate "payment" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and (2) that the payments satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A of the Code provided under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Company determines (i) that on the date Executive's employment with the Company terminates or at such other time that the Company determines to be relevant, Executive is a "specified employee" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(i)) of the Company and (ii) that any payments to be provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided at the time otherwise required under this Agreement then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date of Executive's "separation from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)) with the Company, or, if earlier, the date of Executive's death.  Any payments delayed pursuant to this Section VI.I shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following Executive's "separation from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)), or, if earlier, the date of Executive's death. In addition, to the extent that any reimbursement, fringe benefit or other, similar plan or arrangement in which Executive participates during Executive's employment or thereafter provides for a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, such amount shall be paid in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) of the Treasury Regulations, including (i) the amount eligible for reimbursement or  

payment under such plan or arrangement in one calendar year may not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement or payment in any other calendar year (except that a plan providing medical or health benefits may impose a generally applicable limit on the amount that may be reimbursed or paid), (ii) subject to any shorter time periods provided herein or the applicable plans or arrangements, any reimbursement or payment of an expense under such plan or arrangement must be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred, and (iii) any such reimbursement or payment may not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.  In addition, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, in no event shall any payment under this Agreement that constitutes "deferred compensation" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder be subject to offset by any other amount unless otherwise permitted by Section 409A of the Code.  For the avoidance of doubt, any payment due under this Agreement within a period following Executive's termination of employment or other event shall be made on a date during such period as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

J.       DATE OF TERMINATION  .  The date of delivery of a notice of termination or resignation by either the Company or Executive shall constitute the "Date of Termination," unless otherwise set forth herein.  For purposes of this Agreement, Executive will be deemed to have terminated employment when Executive has a "separation from service" from the Company as determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h). 

VII.       REPRESENTATIONS  . Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not a party to any agreement or instrument that would prevent Executive from entering into or performing Executive's duties in any way under this Agreement. 

VIII.       ASSIGNMENT, BINDING AGREEMENT  . This Agreement is a personal contract and the rights and interests of Executive hereunder may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated by Executive, except as otherwise expressly permitted by the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amount would still be payable to Executive hereunder had Executive continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive's devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there is no such designee, to Executive's estate. 

IX.      CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION  

A.     Executive acknowledges that: 

1.     the business of providing healthcare and/or well-being support services,  coaching or management in which the Company is engaged (the "Business") is intensely competitive and that Executive's employment by the Company will require that Executive have access to and knowledge of confidential information of the Company relating to its business plans, financial data, marketing programs, client information, contracts and other trade secrets, in each case other than as and to the extent such information is generally known or publicly available through no violation of this Agreement by Executive; 

2.     the use or disclosure of such information other than in furtherance of the Business may place the Company at a competitive disadvantage and may do damage, monetary or otherwise, to the Business; and 

3.     the engaging by Executive in any of the activities prohibited by this Section IX. shall constitute improper appropriation and/or use of such information. Executive expressly acknowledges the trade secret status of the Company's confidential information and that the confidential information constitutes a protectable business interest of the Company. Other than as may be required in the performance of Executive's duties, Executive expressly agrees not to divulge such confidential information to anyone outside the Company without prior permission. 

B.     Executive shall not: 

1.     engage in Competition, as defined below, with the Company or its subsidiaries within any market where the Company is conducting the Business at the time of termination of Executive's employment hereunder. For purposes of this Agreement, "Competition" by Executive shall mean Executive's being employed by or acting as a consultant or lender to, or being a director, officer, employee, principal, agent, stockholder, member, owner or partner of, or permitting Executive's name to be used in connection with the activities of any person or entity engaged in the Business, provided that, it shall not be a violation of this Section IX.B.1. for Executive to become the registered or beneficial owner of less than five percent (5%) of any class of the capital stock of any one or more competing corporations registered under the Exchange Act, provided that, Executive does not participate in the business of such corporation until such time as this covenant expires; and 

2.     directly or indirectly, for Executive's benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity, do any of the following: 

a.     solicit from any customer, doing business with the Company as of the Date of Termination, business of the same or of a similar nature to the Business of the Company with such customer; 

b.     solicit from any known potential customer of the Company business of the same or of a similar nature to that which, to the knowledge of Executive, has been the subject of a written or oral bid, offer or proposal by the Company, or of substantial preparation with a view to making such a bid, proposal or offer, within eighteen (18) months prior to the Date of Termination; or 

c.     recruit or solicit the employment or services of any person who was employed by the Company as of the Date of Termination and is employed by the Company at the time of such recruitment or solicitation. 

3.     Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by Executive to the Company are of a special and unique character, which causes this Agreement to be of significant value to the Company, the loss of which may not be reasonably or adequately compensated for by damages in an action at law, and that a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any of the provisions contained in this Section IX. will cause the Company irreparable injury. Executive therefore agrees that the Company will be entitled, in addition to any other right or remedy, to a temporary, preliminary and permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of monetary damages or the posting of any bond or security, enjoining or restraining Executive from any such violation or threatened violations. Executive acknowledges that the terms of this Section IX. and its obligations are reasonable and will not prohibit Executive from being employed or employable in the health care industry. 

C.     If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be held to be excessively broad as to duration, activity or subject, such provisions shall be construed by limiting and reducing them so as to be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

D.     This Section IX shall be applicable during Executive's employment and for a period of eighteen (18) months after Executive's last day of employment regardless of the reason the Executive's employment terminated.  If Executive's employment is terminated under Section VI.D. or VI.G. (including if Executive's resignation does not comply with all of the requirements in Section VI.G. such as notice), then this Section IX shall be applicable for an additional six (6) months for a total of twenty-four (24) months following Executive's last day of employment. 

X.       ENTIRE AGREEMENT  . This Agreement contains all the understandings between the parties pertaining to the matters referred to herein, and supersedes any other undertakings and agreements, whether oral or written, previously entered into by them with respect thereto. Executive represents that, in executing this Agreement, Executive does not rely and has not relied upon any representation or statement not set forth herein made by the Company with regard to the subject matter or effect of this Agreement or otherwise and that Executive has had the opportunity to be represented by counsel of Executive's choosing. 

XI.       AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION; WAIVER  . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived, unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing, signed by Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company. No waiver by any party hereto of any breach by another party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same time, any prior time or any subsequent time. 

XII.       NOTICES  . Any notice to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, sent by courier, facsimile or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the party concerned at the address indicated on the signature page or to such other address as such party may subsequently give notice in writing.  Any notice delivered personally or by courier shall be deemed given on the date delivered. Any notice sent by facsimile, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date transmitted by facsimile or mailed. 

XIII.       SEVERABILITY  . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any party or circumstances shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid and unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such provision to such person or circumstances other than those to which it is so determined to be invalid and unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision hereof shall be validated and shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

XIV.       SURVIVORSHIP  . The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. 

XV.       GOVERNING LAW; VENUE  . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof, and venue shall be the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. 

XVI.       HEADINGS  . All descriptive headings of sections and paragraphs in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the heading of any section or paragraph. 

XVII.       COUNTERPARTS  . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement.

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

By:    /s/ Mary Flipse   

Name:    Mary S. Flipse   

Title:    Chief Legal Officer  

Date:    August 8, 2016  

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Robert E. Dries 

Robert Dries

Date:    August 8, 2016   

Addresses for Notice:

Mr. Robert Dries

On file_____________________

___________________________

___________________________

Healthways, Inc.  
 701 Cool Springs Blvd.  
 Franklin, TN 37067  
 Attn: CEO  
  w/copy to General Counsel

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10-2_093016.htm
 EX.10-2, SEPARATION & RELEASE AGREEMENT-ROBERT E. DRIES

Exhibit 10.2

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

This Separation Agreement and General Release ("Agreement") is made and entered into on October 31, 2016, by and between myself, Robert E. Dries,   and Healthways, Inc., its subsidiaries, and related entities (the "Company"), also sometimes collectively referred to as the "Parties."

WHEREAS, the Parties mutually agree to terminate my employment with the Company pursuant to Section VI.A. of the Employment Agreement, dated August 8, 2016, between the Parties ("Employment Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, I desire to settle and compromise all claims that I may have, or could raise, against the Company;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of and reliance upon the mutual promises, covenants and payments contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1.       General Release.   In consideration for the payments and additional benefits to be paid by the Company as set forth in Section 5, I release the Company and its owners, directors, officers, employees, and agents (collectively, the "Released Parties") from all claims or causes of action of whatever nature that I now may have and that I either know about or hereafter may learn about, arising from or during my employment or resulting from the termination of my employment and existing as of the date of this Agreement.  I acknowledge and agree that I would not be entitled to the sums and benefits provided herein if not for this Agreement. 

I acknowledge that this General Release includes, but is not limited to, all claims arising under federal, state, or local laws prohibiting employment discrimination and all claims growing out of any legal restrictions on the Company's right to terminate its employees, including any breach of contract, whistleblower, tort or retaliation claims. This General Release also specifically encompasses all claims of employment discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, sex, genetic information, and national origin, as provided under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, and 42 U.S.C.   1981; all claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA); all claims of employment discrimination under the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended by the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA); all claims under the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA); all claims under the Fair Credit Reporting Act; all claims under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA); all claims under the Tennessee Human Rights Act, T.C.A.  4-21-101,  et seq.  and the Tennessee Disability Act, T.C.A.  8-50-103,  et seq.;  and all claims under any other applicable local, state or federal laws concerning my employment, the termination of my employment and/or payment of compensation, including claims to attorneys' fees or other indemnities. I understand and agree that I am not releasing any claim that relates to: (i) my rights under this Agreement, including my right to enforce this Agreement; (ii) my right, if any, to claim government-provided unemployment benefits; (iii) any rights or claims which may arise or accrue after I sign this Agreement; and (iv) any claims which, under applicable law, cannot be released. I understand that I am releasing claims that I may not know about as of the date I sign this Agreement. That is my knowing and voluntary intent.

2.     I agree that I will not serve as a representative of a class or collective action lawsuit filed against the Released Parties.  I further acknowledge that I have been paid all wages to which I am entitled from the Company for the work I have performed. I further acknowledge that I am not entitled to no other compensation, payments or benefits from the Company except as set forth in this Agreement. I understand that the General Release does not prohibit me from (a) filing a charge of discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) but I hereby waive my right to recover damages from the Released Parties, including monetary remuneration or (b) reporting securities violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or recovering monetary remuneration in connection with reporting any such violations.  I acknowledge that I have no pending claims against the Released Parties and that I am not currently a debtor in bankruptcy or otherwise restricted in my ability to release a claim against the Released Parties. 

3.     I intend this Agreement to be binding upon myself, my estate, heirs and assignees. I understand and agree that if I breach this Agreement or if I file any lawsuit against the Released Parties challenging the validity of this Agreement or seeking any equitable relief or compensation in addition to that paid to me, the Released Parties may also bring a lawsuit or raise a claim against me asking a court to offset any award of damages to me by the amount I receive in this Agreement. 

4.     I understand that my employment with the Company will end as of October 31, 2016 ("Separation Date").   The earliest I may execute this Agreement to memorialize the acceptance of its terms is 5:00 p.m. on the Separation Date.  Any other benefit entitlements will be made according to the terms of the applicable plan/policy. 

5.     Provided I execute this Agreement, the Company hereby agrees and covenants to provide me with the following severance benefits, to which I would not otherwise be entitled. I acknowledge that the Company shall withhold from the severance benefits any amounts required to be withheld in federal, state or local taxes and I shall be responsible for all taxes on amounts received under this Agreement. 

(a)     My regular base salary, less all appropriate taxes and withholding, for a period of twelve (12) weeks following the Separation Date (the "Severance Period").  This amount shall be referred to as the Severance Payment and shall be paid in accordance with the Company's regular payroll procedures and schedule.  

(b)     My group health coverage will terminate as of the Separation Date, at which point I will have the option to continue group coverage through the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act ("COBRA") upon timely payment of the required premiums.  I understand and agree that provided I timely elect and I am otherwise eligible for COBRA coverage, the Company will subsidize my COBRA monthly premiums for the coverage which I elect during the Severance Period such that my portion of the premium will approximate my regular employee contribution premium.  The costs of the Company's portion of any premiums during the Severance Period shall be included in my gross income to the extent the provision of such benefits is deemed to be discriminatory under section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). If I obtain new employment during the Severance Period or otherwise become ineligible for COBRA coverage, then the Company's obligation to pay the COBRA premiums will cease.  If I continue my COBRA coverage beyond the Severance Period, then I understand that I will be responsible for the full COBRA premium payments. 

6.     My life insurance, Flexible Spending Account (dependent care), short-term disability, and long-term disability coverage and/or contributions (if applicable) will end on my Separation Date.  My 401(k) contributions will be withheld on regular pay earned through my Separation Date. 

7.     I understand and agree that I am responsible for all amounts due and payable on my Company credit card, and am obligated to pay any balances existing on and/or after my separation from employment, for which I have already received reimbursement from the Company. I agree that said amounts owed may be deducted from the Severance Payment. 

8.     During the Severance Period, the provisions of Section IX.B. of the Employment Agreement will continue to apply to me as if reproduced in this Agreement in its entirety, excluding the applicable time periods, which will be read as twelve (12) weeks. Section IX.B. of the Employment Agreement, as modified by this Section 8, is incorporated in this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, Section IX.D does not apply to this Agreement. 

9.     It is understood and agreed that this Agreement is the compromise of any existing, potential, or disputed claims and the consideration paid to me is not to be construed as an admission of liability or any wrongdoing by the Released Parties, or anyone acting through or on behalf of the Released Parties. I agree not to make or publish any disparaging, defamatory, derogatory or other negative statements or comments, oral or written, about the Company or its employees, products, services, operations, business, financial condition, plans or prospects to any person or entity.  Likewise, the Company, its directors, and officers agree not to make or publish any disparaging, defamatory, derogatory or other negative statement or comments, oral or written, about me. 

10.     I understand that I am prohibited from disclosing any Company confidential information including but not limited to business or strategic plans, financial data, marketing programs, customer information, contracts, products and trade secrets ("Information") to any person or entity at any time without the prior written consent of the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, I understand that nothing in this Agreement limits my ability to communicate with the SEC or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the SEC, including providing documents or other information to the SEC.   I agree to return to the Company all Company-owned equipment including but not limited to computers, computer hardware, electronic equipment, computer information, code, data, content, software, software applications, passwords and copies of any such items or Information that I have received, developed or had access to during my employment with the Company within 24 hours of my last day worked.  I represent that I have not retained any such items or Information and I have not transferred any items or Information to any other person or entity. 

11.     This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Company and myself as to the termination of my employment and save as expressly incorporated herein, no provisions of the Employment Agreement shall be in force or effect against the Parties. No change, modification, amendment or termination of any provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument signed by both the Company and myself.  A copy of this Agreement will be deemed as effective as the original. 

12.     This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of Tennessee without regard to conflicts of laws principles. Any lawsuit arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the United States District Court, Middle District of Tennessee, Nashville Division. 

13.     The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If a court of competent jurisdiction should rule that any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the court may modify the provision to the least extent necessary to render it enforceable and such ruling shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provision in this Agreement 

14.     I have been advised to consult with an attorney before executing this Agreement.  I have thoroughly reviewed and understand the effect of this Agreement and its General Release before I have signed this.  I understand that I may have  up to seven (7) calendar days  from the Separation Date to consider its terms and provisions prior to signing.  I will send the signed agreement to Mary Flipse at Healthways, Inc., 701 Cool Springs Boulevard, Franklin, TN 37067.  I acknowledge that I voluntarily sign this Agreement.  Finally, I acknowledge that, in considering whether to sign this Agreement, I have not relied upon any representation or statement by anyone, either written or oral, not set forth in this document and that I have not been threatened or coerced into signing this Agreement by any official or employee of the Company and that I have read, understand and fully and voluntarily accept the terms of this Agreement. 

/s/ Robert E. Dries                                                                                    October 31, 2016  

Robert E. Dries        Date 

HEALTHWAYS, INC.

By:    /s/ Mary S. Flipse                                                                              October 31, 2016   

Mary S. Flipse                                                                                       Date

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ex10-3_093016.htm
 EX-10.3, SEPARATION & RELEASE AGREEMENT- ALFRED LUMSDAINE

Exhibit 10.3

SEPARATION AND GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT

THIS SEPARATION AND GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT ("  Agreement"  ) is entered into on the Effective Date described herein by and between Alfred Lumsdaine (hereinafter generally referred to as "  Mr. Lumsdaine  ") and Healthways, Inc., and its subsidiaries, affiliates and related entities, with a principal office of 701 Cool Springs Blvd., Franklin, Tennessee 37067 ("  Healthways  " or "  Company  ").

WHEREAS, Healthways and Sharecare, Inc. ("Sharecare") have entered into a purchase agreement selling a substantial number of Healthways assets to Sharecare ("Transaction");

WHEREAS Mr. Lumsdaine desires to terminate his employment and the employment agreement between Mr. Lumsdaine and the Company effective as of November 30, 2012 ("Employment Agreement") so that he may accept employment with Sharecare;

WHEREAS both the Company and Mr. Lumsdaine believe it is in their mutual best interests for the parties to terminate Mr. Lumsdaine's employment and the Employment Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

(1)       Termination of Employment Agreement  . The Employment Agreement shall terminate by mutual agreement as of the closing date of the Transaction ("Closing"). 

(2)

Consideration  . The parties covenant and promise to do the following:

(a) Mr. Lumsdaine shall remain employed by the Company until September 30, 2016. The Company will continue to provide the same pay and benefits as set forth in Paragraphs (A) and (D) of Section V of the Employment Agreement through September 30, 2016. As to the Bonus Plan described in Paragraph (B) of Section V of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Lumsdaine will be eligible to receive any bonus payments for performance towards individual objectives during the period of January 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, and prorated bonus payments on Company's performance through September 30, 2016. Bonus payout, if any, is subject to the eligibility requirements of the Bonus Plan and approval by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Neither the Company nor Mr. Lumsdaine will terminate Mr. Lumsdaine's employment prior to September 30, 2016 unless Mr. Lumsdaine engages in conduct constituting "Cause" as defined in the Employment Agreement. No provisions of the Employment Agreement shall survive following the termination of the Employment Agreement except as specifically described in this Section (2)(a).

(b)

As of Closing, the Company will accelerate the vesting of outstanding and unvested equity that has been awarded to Mr. Lumsdaine by the Company and that is included on Schedule 1 incorporated herein by reference. All amounts contributed by the Company  to the Capital Accumulation Plan ("CAP") for the benefit of Mr. Lumsdaine shall vest effective July 31, 2016, and thereafter be paid out in accordance with the terms of the CAP. Mr. Lumsdaine will remain bound by the agreements and the plan(s) governing the various equity awards on Schedule 1, and nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver or amendment of the equity award agreements or plan(s).

(3)

General Release   .  In exchange and in consideration for the promises, obligations, and agreements as set forth in this Agreement, herein, Mr. Lumsdaine does hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release, acquit and discharge Healthways, any related or affiliated companies and all other subsidiaries, assigns, predecessors or transferees, all present and former directors, officers, insurers, employees, servants and agents of any of them (together, individually and collectively, "Released Parties"), from any and all manner of actions, charges, complaints, suits, proceedings, claims, liabilities, obligations, agreements, controversies, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses whatsoever of any kind or nature, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, choate or inchoate, that Mr. Lumsdaine has as of the Effective Date, or ever has had, arising out of or in any way connected with the employment of Mr. Lumsdaine by Healthways and with his separation from employment with Healthways, if applicable, including but not limited to any and all claims under the Employment Agreement or otherwise for pay, benefits, damages, or any other relief which were, might or could have been asserted in any court, before any arbitrator, or before any administrative agency, including without limitation, the Civil Rights Act of 1991; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Civil Rights Act of 1866; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Equal Pay Act; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act; the Uniformed Service Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994; the Worker  Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986; the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970; the Employee Polygraph Protection Act; any and all "whistle blower" employee statutes or regulations (i.e., those providing protection to an employee who raises charges of illegality, impropriety, workplace misconduct, failure to adhere to policies and procedures, etc.), any amendments to any of the foregoing, and any other federal, state, or local statute, regulation, ordinance, or common law, including without limitation any law related to discrimination (i.e., those pertaining generally to race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, worker's compensation or disability), retaliatory discharge (whether actual or constructive, and as and to the extent related to any of the foregoing), terms and conditions of employment, or termination of employment, to the full extent that such a release is allowed by law. This provision does not include the release of claims with respect to any vested benefits under a plan governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or any claim related to the rights and benefits granted by the express terms of this Agreement.

(4)

Period of Time to Consider and Revoke  . Mr. Lumsdaine has been encouraged by the Company to consult with his attorney before his execution of this Agreement. Mr. Lumsdaine was presented with this Agreement on July 27, 2016, and has been advised that he has twenty-one (21) days from July 27, 2016, to consider executing this Agreement; and that his decision to execute prior to the expiration of such twenty-one (21) day period was knowingly and voluntarily made. Mr. Lumsdaine further acknowledges that this Agreement has been individually negotiated and is not part of a group exit incentive or other separation package.

By signing and returning this Agreement, Mr. Lumsdaine acknowledges that he has read carefully and fully understands the terms of this Agreement, has had an opportunity to consult with his attorney prior to signing it and is signing it knowingly and voluntarily and has not been coerced or threatened into signing it or promised anything else in exchange for signing it other than as described herein.

Furthermore, Mr. Lumsdaine is aware that he has a right for a period of seven (7) days following his execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Revocation Period"), to revoke this Agreement.  Mr. Lumsdaine's receipt, however, of the consideration contained in this Agreement is contingent on his execution and delivery of this Release Agreement and the expiration of the Revocation Period without this Agreement being revoked by Mr. Lumsdaine.

Mr. Lumsdaine must return a copy of the signed document to Mary Flipse via e-mail at Mary.Flipse@healthways.com.  Any revocation must also be delivered to Ms. Flipse.  The parties acknowledge that a copy of a signed document shall serve the same purpose as an original.

(5)       Waiver  .  Mr. Lumsdaine acknowledges that he is aware of his rights under the laws specifically and generally described in this Agreement and that as of the Effective Date, he waives those rights to the fullest extent that waiver is allowed by law; although the provisions of such waiver are not intended to be, nor shall the same be construed as, an indication that Mr. Lumsdaine has any legitimate causes of action under such provisions nor that Healthways has taken any actions in violation of such provisions. 

(6)       No Further Obligations  .  Mr. Lumsdaine acknowledges that nothing in this  Agreement shall be considered or construed as an admission of liability or an admission that Healthways has violated any law, regulation or contract (express or implied).  Mr. Lumsdaine further acknowledges that the promises and payments provided hereunder also represent payment in full in satisfaction and resolution of all potential and/or disputed claims for back pay, severance pay, bonuses, equity grants/options, vacation pay (to the extent permitted by applicable law and except to the extent separately paid pursuant to company policy), compensatory, punitive, and/or liquidated damages, and damages or relief of any kind including costs, attorneys' fees, and expenses arising out of or pertaining to the unasserted claims released by this Agreement. Specifically, Mr. Lumsdaine acknowledges that he would not be entitled the payments and benefits described in Section 2 but for this Agreement. 

(7)       No Pending Complaints  .  Mr. Lumsdaine represents and warrants that he has not filed any complaint(s) or charge(s) against Healthways with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the state commission empowered to investigate claims of employment discrimination, the United States Department of Labor, the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, or with any other local, state or federal agency or court, and that if any such agency or court assumes jurisdiction of any complaint(s) or charge(s) against Healthways on behalf of Mr. Lumsdaine, then Mr. Lumsdaine will request such agency or court to withdraw from the matter  and Mr. Lumsdaine will refuse any benefits derived therefrom, and the release contained in this Agreement shall apply to such claim.  This Agreement will not affect Mr. Lumsdaine's right to hereafter file a charge with or otherwise participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted   by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.  Mr. Lumsdaine represents and warrants that he has no knowledge of any practice engaged in by Healthways or its employees that is or was a violation in any material respect of any applicable state law or regulations or of any federal law or regulations including, but not by way of limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Mr  .   Lumsdaine further acknowledges that he is not personally aware of any violations of, nor has he v  i  olated  ,   any provisions of the Business Code of Conduct  . 

Mr  .   Lumsdaine further agrees to neither institute nor in any manner voluntarily participate in, as a class member or otherwise, any civil action or arbitration against Healthwa  y  s which is now pending or may hereafter be brought that concerns any matter encompassed by this Agreement. 

(8)       Effective Date   .   This Agreement shall become effective eight   (8)   days following the date on which Mr. Lumsdaine executes the Agreement   provided   that he pro  v  ides Healthways w  i  th the signed document and does not revoke it ("   Effective Date   "). 

SCHEDULE 1 

Equity Schedule for Alfred Lumsdaine 

Number of outstanding and    unvested     shares   to be accelerated as of Closing

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 ex10-4_093016.htm
 EX-10.4, AMENDMENT TO SEPARATION & RELEASE AGREEMENT-ALFRED LUMSDAINE

Exhibit 10.4

October 10, 2016

Mr. Alfred Lumsdaine, CFO

Sharecare

701 Cool Springs Blvd.

Franklin, TN 37067

Dear Alfred,

You and Healthways, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates and related entities (the "Company") entered into a Separation and Release Agreement with an Effective Date of August 8, 2016 ("Release Agreement"). After discussions with you, both parties executed letter agreements with the same subject matter, dated September 26, 2016, and October 4, 2016, that are replaced in their entirety by this letter agreement.  This letter agreement extends the termination date of your employment with the Company to   October 17, 2016  . Therefore, all references to September 30 in Section 2(a) of the Release Agreement shall be changed to   October 17, 2016  , as follows:

Mr. Lumsdaine shall remain employed by the Company until   October 17, 2016  . The Company will continue to provide the same pay and benefits as set forth in Paragraphs (A) and (D) of Section V of the Employment Agreement through   October 17, 2016  . As to the Bonus Plan described in Paragraph (B) of Section V of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Lumsdaine will be eligible to receive any bonus payments for performance towards individual objectives during the period of January 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, and prorated bonus payments on Company's performance through   October 17, 2016  , which Bonus Plan will be determined after the end of the fiscal year for which the Bonus Plan was in place and paid in accordance with the terms of such Bonus Plan.  Neither the Company nor Mr. Lumsdaine will terminate Mr. Lumsdaine's employment prior to   October 17, 2016     unless Mr. Lumsdaine engages in conduct constituting "Cause" as defined in the Employment Agreement. No provisions of the Employment Agreement shall survive following the termination of the Employment Agreement except as specifically described in this Section (2)(a).

Except as stated above, all other terms of the Release Agreement shall remain unchanged. Please sign this letter below to acknowledge your agreement to this amended provision. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in the Release Agreement, as amended by this letter, should be construed as prohibiting you from employment by Healthways SC, LLC while you remain employed by the Company. We appreciate your service to the Company.

Sincerely,

/s/ Mary Flipse   

Mary Flipse

Chief Legal Officer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 ex10-5_093016.htm
 EX-10.5, AMENDMENT TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT-ALFRED LUMSDAINE

Exhibit 10.5  

October 16, 2016

Alfred Lumsdaine 

CFO, Sharecare

Dear Alfred:

You and Healthways, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates and related entities (the "Company") entered into a Separation and Release Agreement with an Effective Date of August 8, 2016 ("Release Agreement"). After discussions with you, both parties executed letter agreements with the same subject matter, dated September 26, 2016, October 4, 2016, October 10, 2016, that are replaced in their entirety by this letter agreement. This letter agreement extends the termination date of your employment with the Company to   November 4, 2016  . Therefore, all references to September 30 in Section 2(a) of the Release Agreement shall be changed to   November 4  , as follows:

Mr. Lumsdaine shall remain employed by the Company until  November 4, 2016 . The Company will continue to provide the same pay and benefits as set forth in Paragraphs (A) and (D) of Section V of the Employment Agreement through  November 4, 2016 . As to the Bonus Plan described in Paragraph (B) of Section V of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Lumsdaine will be eligible to receive any bonus payments for performance towards individual objectives during the period of January 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, and prorated bonus payments on Company's performance through  November 4, 2016 , which Bonus Plan will be determined after the end of the fiscal year for which the Bonus Plan was in place and paid in accordance with the terms of such Bonus Plan. Neither the Company nor Mr. Lumsdaine will terminate Mr. Lumsdaine's employment prior to  November 4, 2016  unless Mr. Lumsdaine engages in conduct constituting "Cause" as defined in the Employment Agreement. No provisions of the Employment Agreement shall survive following the termination of the Employment Agreement except as specifically described in this Section (2)(a).

Except as stated above, all other terms of the Release Agreement shall remain unchanged. Please sign this letter below to acknowledge your agreement to this amended provision. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in the Release Agreement, as amended by this letter, should be construed as prohibiting you from employment by Healthways SC, LLC while you remain employed by the Company. We appreciate your service to the Company. 

Sincerely,

/s/ Mary Flipse       

Mary Flipse

Chief Legal Officer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1_093016.htm
 EX-31.1, SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION

I, Donato Tramuto, certify that:

1.              I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Healthways, Inc.;

2.              Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.              Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.              The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.              The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:    November 8, 2016  

/s/ Donato Tramuto

Donato Tramuto

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2_093016.htm
 EX-31.2, SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION

I, Glenn Hargreaves, certify that:

1.              I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Healthways, Inc.;

2.              Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.              Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.              The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.              The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 8, 2016

/s/ Glenn Hargreaves

Glenn Hargreaves

Interim Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 ex32_093016.htm
 EX-32, SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Healthways, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we, Donato Tramuto, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Glenn Hargreaves, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Donato Tramuto 

Donato Tramuto

Chief Executive Officer

November 8, 2016

/s/ Glenn Hargreaves 

Glenn Hargreaves

Interim Chief Financial Officer

November 8, 2016

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 hway-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 hway-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 hway-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 hway-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 hway-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 hway-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

