<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1624326_0001571049-16-019749_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2793946</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118557</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>189167</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>497715</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1166711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>757489</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>63</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019749.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110170150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019749
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PAVmed Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001624326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				471214177
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37685
		FILM NUMBER:		161988926

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE GRAND CENTRAL PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10165
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-949-4319

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE GRAND CENTRAL PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10165

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PAXmed Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019749.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 t1602483_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
DC 20549   

FORM 10-Q

(Mark One)   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   

OR   

For the transition
period from             to              

Commission File
Number: 001-37685   

PAVMED
INC.    

(Exact Name of
Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Delaware
       
       47-1214177

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of    
      Incorporation or Organization)    
       (IRS
    Employer    
      Identification No.)    

(212) 949-4319  
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x   No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of   large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
    filer    

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
        (Do not check if a smaller
    reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company    
      x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No   x  

As of November 8, 2016 there were 13,310,000
shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART I.    
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
      1   

Unaudited
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30,
    2016 and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Unaudited
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
    three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      2   

Unaudited
      Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
    Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   
      3   

Unaudited
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
    nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      5   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      20   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      37   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      37   

PART II.    
        OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      38   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      38   

SIGNATURES    
      40   

i       

         Table of Contents           

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

PAVMED INC.  

  (f/k/a PAXMED INC.)  

  and SUBSIDIARY  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC.  

  (f/k/a PAXMED INC.)  

  and SUBSIDIARY  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC.  

  (f/k/a PAXMED INC.)   

  and SUBSIDIARY  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC.  

  (f/k/a PAXMED INC.)  

  and SUBSIDIARY  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS   

  (unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  September 30, 2016  

Note 1   The Company and Basis of Presentation   

PAVmed Inc. ( PAVmed  or the
 Company ) was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 26, 2014 originally under the name of PAXmed
Inc. On April 19, 2015, the Company changed its name to PAVmed Inc. The Company operates in one segment as a medical device company
organized to advance a broad pipeline of innovative medical technologies from concept to commercialization using a business model
focused on capital and time efficiency. 

Initial Public Offering   

On April 28, 2016, under a registration
statement on Form S-1 declared effective January 29, 2016, the Company s initial public offering (IPO) was consummated with the
issuance of 1,060,000 units at an offering price of $5.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and
one warrant. The IPO resulted in gross cash proceeds of $5.3 million and $4.2 million of net cash proceeds, after deducting
cash selling agent discounts and commissions and offering expenses. The warrants issued in the IPO became exercisable on October
28, 2016 and expire on January 29, 2022 or earlier upon redemption by the Company under certain conditions (see Note 9, Stockholders
Equity). Each warrant has an exercise price of $5.00. Upon consummation of the IPO, the Company s 9,560,295 previously
outstanding warrants converted into identical warrants issued in the IPO. 

In connection with the consummation of the
IPO, the units were approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq )under the symbol  PAVMU .
Subsequently, the common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on July 27, 2016 under the symbols
 PAVM  and  PAVMW , respectively, and the unit and symbol PAVMU ceased to be quoted and traded on Nasdaq. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding
interim financial reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information normally required
by U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted, and accordingly the balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited
consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information required by U.S. GAAP for complete
financial statements. These condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the Company s
annual financial statements and in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments)
necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial information. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and related financial information should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and
related notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the SEC. 

The results of operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December
31, 2016 or for any other interim period or for any other future year. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  September 30, 2016  

Note 1   The Company and Basis of Presentation
(continued)  

Liquidity and Going Concern  

The Company is an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

The Company s ability to continue
to meet its obligations and to achieve its business objectives is dependent upon, among other things, raising sufficient additional
capital, obtaining regulatory clearance for its products, commercializing its products, generating sufficient revenue, and its
ability to continue to control expenses, to meet its obligations as they become due for the foreseeable future. A failure to raise
sufficient capital, obtain regulatory clearance for its products, commercialize its products, or manage expenditures, among other
factors, may adversely impact the Company s ability to achieve its intended business objectives and raise substantial doubt
of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since inception, the Company has incurred
losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred net losses of $1,928,722 and $3,940,337, respectively, and had net cash used in operating activities of $3,251,887
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $5,991,321, working
capital of $1,124,232, and cash of $1,788,650. The Company anticipates incurring losses for the next several years as it completes
the development of its products and seeks requested regulatory clearances to market such products. 

The Company does not expect to experience
positive cash flows in the near future. To date, the Company has financed its operations with $2.1 million of net proceeds from
private placements of equity securities and $4.2 million of net cash proceeds from its IPO. The Company estimates its existing
cash-on-hand, absent any additional sources of cash, is sufficient to fund its operations into early 2017. Accordingly, the Company
will need to raise additional funds to support its operating and capital needs beyond early 2017. The Company has engaged financial
advisory firms to assist with its financing efforts, however, there is no assurance the financial advisory firms will be successful
in these efforts. 

The Company may seek to issue additional
equity and /or incur indebtedness. The issuance of additional equity
and /or debt securities by the Company may result in additional dilution to its stockholders. If the additional funds result from
the issue of debt securities and /or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of the Company s common
stock and could contain covenants which may restrict the Company s operations. The Company may also seek funding through collaborations
or other similar arrangements with third parties, including larger medical device companies. However, the Company may not be able
to secure such financing in a timely manner or on terms it deems favorable, if at all. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient
additional capital funding, it may need to substantially curtail its planned operations. 

The condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on the assumption the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company depends upon its ability, and will
continue to attempt, to secure additional equity and /or debt financing, however, the Company may not be successful in these efforts,
and without sufficient capital funding, there is substantial doubt of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities resulting from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Stock Split Effected in the Form of a Stock Dividend   

On September 21, 2015, the Company s
Board of Directors declared a 2.7872582-for-1 stock split to be effected in the form of a stock dividend. All basic and diluted
earnings per share, average shares outstanding information and all applicable footnotes have been adjusted for the stock split.
The number of authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock were not affected by the stock split and remain at 50,000,000
shares and 20,000,000 shares, respectively. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) and
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Significant Accounting Policies   

The Company s significant accounting
policies are described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Since the date of those financial statements, there have been no changes
to the Company s significant accounting policies, other than the adoption of a policy for equipment and stock-based compensation,
including the early adoption of Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-09 for stock based compensation as noted below. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Basis of Consolidation   

The accompanying condensed consolidated
interim financial statements include the accounts of PAVmed and its wholly-owned subsidiary. All intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Equipment   

Equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated
depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of assets, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and resulting gain or loss, if any, is included in the consolidated statement
of operations. The useful lives of equipment are as follows: research and development equipment is five years and computer equipment
is three years. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company issues stock-based awards
to employees, members of its board of directors, and non-employees. Stock-based awards to employees are accounted for in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718,
Stock Compensation, and stock based awards to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 505-50, Equity-Based
Payments to Non-Employees. ASC 718 requires all stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options
and modifications to existing stock options, to be recognized in the statements of operations based on their fair values. ASC
Topic 505-50 requires the fair value of the award to be remeasured at fair value as the award vests. In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,
 ( ASU 2016-09 ) which simplified several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including
the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of
cash flows. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017, although early adoption is permitted. The Company
elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 effective as of April 1, 2016. As the Company did not have any stock options issued or outstanding
prior to the closing of its IPO, the early adoption did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company evaluates its long-lived assets,
including equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets
may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of each asset to the future
undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the asset is considered
impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired
assets. The Company has not recorded impairment of any long-lived assets in the periods presented. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) and
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  

Reclassification   

Certain previously reported amounts have
been reclassified to conform to the presentation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and subsequently issued
additional updates amending the guidance contained in Topic 606 thereby affecting the guidance contained in ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09
and the subsequent Topic 606 updates will supersede and replace nearly all existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance. The
core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount
equal to the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled for those goods and services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five
step process to achieve this core principle, and in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition
process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting
the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii)
a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the standard recognized at the date of adoption (which
includes additional footnote disclosures). The Company is evaluating the guidance in ASU 2014-09 and the subsequent Topic 606
updates and has not yet determined what, if any, effect this guidance will have on its results of operations or financial condition. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
which amended the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows (ASC 230) on the classification
of certain cash receipts and payments. The primary purpose of ASU 2016-15 is to reduce the diversity in practice which has resulted
from a lack of consistent principles on this topic. The amendments of ASU 2016-15 add or clarify guidance on eight specific cash
flow issues, including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration
payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of
corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization
transactions, and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The guidance of ASU 2016-15
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ).
The amendments in ASU 2016-10 clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b)
the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective
date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606:
The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018, although early adoption is permitted beginning January 1,
2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations  ( ASU 2016-08 ). The
amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent
considerations by amending certain existing illustrative examples and adding additional illustrative examples to assist in the
application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date
and transition requirements in Topic 606: The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018, although early
adoption is permitted beginning January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ), which establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model requiring a lessee
to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater-than 12 months. Leases will be classified as
either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods with those fiscal years. A
modified retrospective transition approach is required for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

JOBS Act Accounting Election   

The Company is an  emerging growth
company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ). Under the JOBS Act,
emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS
Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. The Company has irrevocably elected to avail itself of this
exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting
standards as public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) and
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 3   Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets
consisted of the following as of: 

Note 4   Equipment, Net   

Equipment, net consisted of the following
as of: 

Depreciation expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,478 and $2,315, respectively. No depreciation expense was incurred during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 5   Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
consisted of the following for the periods indicated: 

Included in accrued consulting fee is
$37,500 related to the initial payment for past services under a consulting agreement with Michael J. Glennon, Vice Chairman and
member of the Board of Directors. See Note 7, Related Party Transactions, for further details regarding the consulting agreement
with Mr. Glennon. 

In May 2016, the Company paid $364,583
of aggregate accrued compensation due to its Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) upon the successful completion of the Company s
IPO. The salary and bonus compensation was accrued as of December 31, 2015 as the Company s IPO closing was deemed probable.
See Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, for further details regarding the compensation paid to the CEO. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 6   Income Taxes   

In the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized a deferred tax benefit which was fully offset by a corresponding valuation allowance.
The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based
on the Company s history of operating losses, the Company has concluded it is more-likely-than-not the benefit of its deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 7   Related Party Transactions   

Effective October 2015, the Company entered
into a three-year management services agreement with HCP/Advisors LLC, an affiliate of a director of the Company, which replaced
a prior contemplated management services agreement with HCFP LLC, another affiliate of the director and certain other officers
and directors of the Company. Pursuant to the HCP/Advisors LLC agreement, such entity has agreed to provide the Company with certain
management services, including without limitation identifying potential corporate opportunities, general business development,
corporate development, corporate governance, marketing strategy, strategic development and planning, coordination with service
providers, and other advisory services as may be mutually agreed upon. The Company has agreed to pay HCP/Advisors LLC an initial
monthly fee of $35,000 commencing as of November 1, 2015 and thereafter a monthly fee of $25,000. Under this agreement,
the Company incurred fees of $75,000 and $225,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which
is included in  Formation and operating costs  in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Effective September 2016, the Company entered
into a consulting agreement with HCFP /Strategy Advisors LLC, an affiliate of certain directors and officers of the Company (the
 HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement ). Under the HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement, HCFP /Strategy Advisors has been
engaged for an initial term of five months to provide various strategic advisory services, including: strategic business planning,
to identify and assist with potential sources of financing arrangements, promotion of the Company to various potential investors,
and to provide strategic advisory services as reasonably requested by the Company. The HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement provides
for total fee payments to HCFP /Strategy Advisors LLC of $110,000, with $30,000 paid upon execution of the agreement and $20,000
paid per month thereafter. The Company incurred expense of $30,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 under
the HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement, which is included in  Formation and operating costs  in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations. 

Effective September 2016, the Company also
entered into a consulting agreement with Swartwood Hesse, Inc., an affiliate of HCFP /Strategy Advisors (which, as noted above,
is an affiliate of certain directors and officers of the Company) (the  Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement ).
Under the Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement, Swartwood Hesse has been engaged for an initial term of five months to
provide advisory services regarding potential financing arrangements, assisting the Company with its investors relations, and
to provide other financial advisory services as reasonably requested by the Company. The Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement
provides for total fee payments to Swartwood Hesse of $15,000, which was paid upon execution of the agreement. The Company may
incur additional fees for investment banking services under a separate written agreement to be executed between the Company and
Swartwood Hesse, Inc. The Company incurred expense of $15,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 under the
Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement, which is included in  Formation and operating costs  in the accompanying
condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Effective October 1, 2016, the Company and
Michael J. Glennon, Vice Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors, entered into a consulting agreement (the Glennon Consulting
Agreement), under which Mr. Glennon provides the Company with services and advice relating to the successful development and commercialization
of medical device products, including interfacing with outsourced contract manufacturers, assisting with development of the supply
chain and establishing commercialization channels with independent distributors and strategic corporate partners, and providing
such other services as requested by the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As compensation for his services,
Mr. Glennon received an initial payment of $37,500 for past services upon execution of the consulting agreement, with the initial
payment recognized as an accrued expense at September 30, 2016, and will receive a monthly retainer of $12,500 for each month
thereafter. The Glennon Consulting Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 30 days  prior written notice, except
either party may terminate the Glennon Consulting Agreement immediately for cause (which includes an uncured material breach of
the agreement). The Glennon Consulting Agreement also will terminate immediately if the parties agree to the employment of Mr.
Glennon on a full-time basis. The Company incurred fees of $37,500 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 under
the Glennon Consulting Agreement, which is included in  Formation and operating costs  in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies   

Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement   

Effective November 1, 2014, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with its CEO (the  CEO Employment Agreement ) for a five-year term with a base
salary of $240,000 per year, and a guaranteed bonus equal to 50% of his base salary, beginning on January 1 of each year effective
January 1, 2016. The CEO will also be eligible to earn annual performance bonuses upon meeting certain objectives as determined
by the Board of Directors; provided, however, the base salary and guaranteed bonus was to be paid only upon, and subject to, the
consummation of the IPO. On April 28, 2016, the CEO was granted a stock option to purchase 278,726 shares of the Company s
common stock with an exercise price equal to $5.00 per share. The CEO Employment Agreement contains provisions for the protection
of the Company s intellectual property and contains non-compete restrictions in the event of his termination other than
without  cause  or by the Board of Directors with  good reason.  

Effective November 1, 2015, the Company
amended the CEO Employment Agreement, increasing the base salary from $240,000 to $295,000 per year commencing on November 1,
2015; provided, however, the base salary from November 1, 2014 to October 31, 2015 of $240,000 ( Contingent Salary )
was to be paid only upon, and subject to, the consummation of the IPO. As of December 31, 2015, the Company determined the likelihood
of the IPO was probable and, therefore, a liability was recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets for
the Contingent Salary and guaranteed 50% bonus. In May 2016, as a result of the closing of the Company s IPO on April 28,
2016, the accrued salary and bonus compensation payable at December 31, 2015 totaling $364,583 was paid to the Company s
CEO. 

Chief Financial Officer Employment Agreement   

Effective as of October 8, 2015, the Company
entered into a two-year employment agreement with its Chief Financial Officer (the  CFO Employment Agreement ) with
a base salary of $275,000 per year. The Chief Financial Officer will be eligible to earn annual performance bonuses upon
meeting certain objectives as determined by the Board of Directors. Upon the consummation of the IPO, the Chief Financial Officer
was also granted a stock option to purchase 125,000 shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price equal to
$5.00 per share. The Company also agreed to reimburse up to $2,200 per month to cover temporary housing and travel expenses for
up to 12 months and to reimburse additional relocation expenses in the future. The CFO Employment Agreement contains provisions
for the protection of the Company s intellectual property and contains non-compete restrictions in the event of his termination
other than without  cause  or by the Chief Executive Officer with  good reason . 

Chief Medical Officer Employment Agreement   

Effective July 1, 2016, the Company entered
into a five-year employment agreement with its Chief Medical Officer (the  CMO Employment Agreement ) with a base
salary of $285,000 per year, plus an initial bonus of $50,000 for services provided before the agreement s effective date.
The Chief Medical Officer will be eligible to earn annual performance bonuses upon meeting certain objectives as determined by
the Board of Directors. On April 28, 2016, the Chief Medical Officer was granted a stock option to purchase 278,726 shares of
the Company s common stock with an exercise price equal to $5.00 per share. The CMO Employment Agreement contains provisions
for the protection of the Company s intellectual property and contains non-compete restrictions in the event of his termination
other than without  cause  or by the Chief Executive Officer with  good reason . 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies (continued)  

Patent License Agreement  

On November 2, 2016, the Company executed
a Patent License Agreement (the  License Agreement ) with Tufts University and its co-owners, the  Massachusetts
Eye and Ear Infirmary and Massachusetts General Hospital ( the Licensors ). Pursuant to the License,
the Licensors granted the Company the exclusive right and license to certain patents in connection with the development and commercialization
of antibiotic-eluting resorbable ear tubes based on a proprietary aqueous silk technology conceived and developed by the Licensors.
Upon execution of the License Agreement, the Company paid the Licensors an upfront non-refundable license fee of $20,000 as well
as a payment of $30,000 as reimbursement of patent costs previously incurred by the Licensors. The License Agreement also provides
for payments from the Company to the Licensors upon the achievement of certain product development and regulatory clearance milestones
as well as royalty payments on net sales upon the commercialization of products developed utilizing the licensed patents. 

Leases   

The Company leases space for its corporate
office, which initially provided for two consecutive six month terms beginning on February 1, 2016, rent payments of $9,500
per month and the option to cancel the lease agreement at the end of the initial six-month term at the election of the Company.
Subsequently, the lease agreement was amended to add approximately 200 sq. ft. of rentable office space at an additional rate
of $4,400 per month; and, extended the lease term through May 31, 2017. Total rent expense under this office space lease arrangement
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $41,406 and $92,656, respectively. At September 30, 2016, the Company s
aggregate future commitment under the amended lease was $111,200. 

Beginning on May 1, 2015, the Company
rents access to a research and development facility for monthly rent of $1,000 on a month-to-month basis. Either the landlord
or the Company may cancel this rental arrangement at any time. Total rental expense under this facility lease arrangement amounted
to $3,000 and $9,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $3,000 and $5,000 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Legal Proceedings   

In the normal course of business, from
time-to-time, the Company may be subject to claims in legal proceedings. However, the Company does not believe it is currently
a party to any pending legal actions. Notwithstanding, legal proceedings are subject-to inherent uncertainties, and an unfavorable
outcome could include monetary damages, and in such event, could result in a material adverse impact on the Company's business,
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 9   Stockholders  Equity   

IPO Units  

At April 28, 2016, the Company estimated
the fair value of its common stock using the guideline transaction method of the market approach. The Company calculated the revenue
multiples implied by recent IPOs of comparable companies over the past three years. This resulted in a median projected revenue
multiple of 3.55x. Since the Company was not revenue producing as of its IPO date, projected revenues were developed for the years
2017 through 2020 based on market assumptions for the Company s products and these revenues were then discounted using a
discount rate in line with the Company s cost of capital. The Company then applied the revenue multiple to the average of
its discounted revenues to determine its total equity value and divided the total equity value by the number of common shares
outstanding immediately prior to the IPO to arrive at an estimated fair value of common stock of $3.50. 

Warrants   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had warrants outstanding to purchase 10,620,295 and 9,560,295 shares, respectively. The outstanding 9,560,295 warrants
as of December 31, 2015 automatically converted into warrants having the same terms and conditions as the 1,060,000 warrants issued
in the Company s IPO on April 28, 2016, including a $5.00 per share warrant exercise price and a warrant term of six (6)
years. 

Commencing April 28, 2017, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants (other than those outstanding prior to the IPO held by the Company s management, founders,
and members thereof, but including the warrants held by the initial investors), at the Company s option, in whole or in part,
at a price of $0.01 per warrant: 

*  at any time while the warrants are exercisable; 

*  upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption; 

*  if, and only if, the volume weighted average price of the
Company s common stock equals or exceeds $10.00 (subject-to adjustment) for any 20 consecutive trading days ending three business
days before the Company issues its notice of redemption, and provided the average daily trading volume in the stock is at least
20,000 shares per day; and, 

*  if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited
unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a
record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant. 

On October 28, 2016, the Company filed a
Registration Statement on Form S-1 to register the issuance of the 1,060,000 shares of the Company s common stock upon the
exercise of the 1,060,000 warrants issued in the Company s IPO. As of the date of this filing on Form 10Q, the Registration
Statement has not yet been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 9   Stockholders  Equity (continued)  

Unit Purchase Options  

On April 28, 2016, the Company issued unit
purchase options to the selling agents in the Company s IPO. The unit purchase options provide for the purchase of 53,000
units at an exercise price of $5.50 per unit. Each unit covered by the unit purchase options is identical to the units sold in
the Company s IPO and consists of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase a share of common stock at $5.00
per share. The Company estimated the fair value of the unit purchase options issued to the selling agents was approximately $105,100,
which was accounted for as offering costs of the Company s IPO. The fair value of the unit purchase options was determined using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: fair value of the underlying unit of $5.00, dividend yield
of 0.00%, expected volatility of 50%, risk free rate of 1.28% and remaining contractual term of 4.6 years. The valuation assumptions
for the unit purchase options were determined as follows: 

Expected dividend yield: The estimate for annual
dividends is $0.00 as the Company has not historically paid, and does not expect for the foreseeable future to pay, a dividend. 

Expected stock price volatility: The expected volatility
is based on historical stock price volatilities of similar entities within the Company s industry over the period commensurate
with the expected term of the unit purchase options. 

Risk-free interest rate: The Company based the risk-free
interest rate on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for a period commensurate
with the assumed expected unit purchase options term. 

Expected term of the unit purchase options: The expected
term of the unit purchase options represents the period of time the unit purchase options are expected to be outstanding, which
is their contractual term. 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 10   Stock Based Compensation  

In November 2014, the Company s
Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan ( the Stock Plan ). The Stock
Plan is designed to enable the Company to offer employees, officers, directors and consultants, as defined, an opportunity to
acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. The Stock Plan reserves 1,951,081 shares of common stock for issuance in accordance
with the Stock Plan s terms. 

All of the Company s officers, directors,
employees, and consultants, as well as those of its subsidiaries, are eligible to be granted awards under the Stock Plan. The
types of awards that may be granted under the Stock Plan include stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and
other stock-based awards subject to limitations under applicable law. All awards are subject to approval by the Company s
Board of Directors. 

On April 28, 2016, upon the closing of the
Company s IPO, a total of 1,588,313 stock options were granted, including 961,178 to management, 487,770 to members of the
board of directors, and 139,365 to members of the Company s medical advisory board. The stock options have a ten (10) year
contractual term from date of grant, have an exercise price of $5.00 per share, and vest 3/36 on the third month after the grant
date and 1/36 on each successive month thereafter for the following 33 months. In November 2016, the Company granted 25,000 stock options to a new member of the Company s medical advisory
board, with a ten (10) year contractual term from the date of grant, an exercise price of $10.50 per share, and vesting ratably
on a quarterly basis over a three year period commencing December 31, 2016. 

The cost of stock-based compensation awards
granted to employees and directors are determined based on the grant-date fair value for stock options granted to employees and
members of the board of directors and the vesting date fair value for stock options granted to non-employee members of the medical
advisory board, with the cost recognized over the award s service period. Stock-based compensation expense for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was recognized as follows: 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 10   Stock Based Compensation (continued)  

At September 30, 2016, there were 362,768 shares of common
stock available for grant under the Plan. The following table summarizes information about stock options for the periods presented
below: 

The aggregate intrinsic value is computed
as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the quoted price of the common stock on September
30, 2016, to the extent the exercise price is less than the quoted price. 

The weighted average remaining contractual
term of stock options outstanding was 9.6 years at September 30, 2016. The weighted average remaining contractual term of stock
options vested and exercisable was 9.6 years at September 30, 2016. 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation
model to estimate the fair value of stock options. The Black-Scholes valuation model requires the Company to make certain estimates
and assumptions, including assumptions related to the expected price volatility of the Company s stock, the period during
which the options will be outstanding, the rate of return on risk- free investments, and the expected dividend yield for the Company s
stock. 

Stock options issued to employees: 

The grant date fair values of stock options
granted to employees and members of the board of directors was $1.32, calculated using the following Black-Scholes valuation model
assumptions: 

Stock options issued to non-employees: 

The weighted average fair value of stock
options granted to non-employees at was $10.43 as of September 30, 2016, with such fair value calculated using the following Black-Scholes
valuation model assumptions: 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) AND
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 10   Stock Based Compensation (continued)  

The weighted-average valuation assumptions
for all stock-based awards were determined as follows: 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate: The Company
bases the risk-free interest rate on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for
a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected option term. 

Expected term of options: The expected term of stock
options represents the period of time options are expected to be outstanding, which for employees is the expected term derived
using the simplified method and for non-employees is the contractual term. 

Expected stock price volatility: The expected volatility
is based on historical stock price volatilities of similar entities within the Company s industry over the period commensurate
with the expected term of the option. 

Expected dividend yield: The estimate for annual
dividends is $0.00 as the Company has not historically paid, and does not expect for the foreseeable future to pay, a dividend. 

At September 30, 2016 there was $3,007,376
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over the next 2.6 years (which
represents the weighted average remaining requisite service periods for such awards). 

Table of Contents           

PAVMED INC. (f/k/a PAXMED INC.) and
SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Note 11  Loss Per Share   

Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing
the loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, without consideration for potential
dilutive common shares. Since the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, basic net loss per share is the same
as diluted net loss per share as the inclusion of all potential dilutive common shares would have been anti-dilutive. 

The following table sets forth the comparison
of basic and fully diluted net loss per share for the periods indicated: 

The following securities at September 30,
2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted shares outstanding, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive: 

Note 12   Subsequent Events  

Except as otherwise noted herein, the
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and determined there
to be no events requiring adjustments to the condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosures therein. 

Table of Contents           

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Forward-looking statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as  Risk Factors  that are incorporated by reference
into this Quarterly Report from our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results
of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. The words  may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans, 
 anticipates,   could,   intends,   target,   projects,   contemplates, 
 believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or  continue  or
the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 

The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q include, among other things, statements about: 

our limited operating history;   

our financial performance, including our ability to
                                         generate revenue;   

ability of our products to achieve market acceptance;   

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required
                                         in, our officers, key employees or directors;   

potential ability to obtain additional financing;   

ability to protect our intellectual property;   

ability to complete strategic acquisitions;   

ability to manage growth and integrate acquired operations;   

potential liquidity and trading of our securities;   

regulatory or operational risks;   

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital
                                         requirements and needs for additional financing; and   

our expectations regarding the time during which we
                                         will be an Emerging Growth Company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
                                         or JOBS Act.   

You should refer to the  Risk Factors 
section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward looking statements. We may not actually achieve the plans,
intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking
statements we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures or investments we may make. 

You should read this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable
law. 

Table of Contents           

Overview   

We are a highly-differentiated multi-product
medical device company organized to advance a broad pipeline of innovative medical technologies from concept to commercialization.
We employ a business model focused on capital efficiency and speed to market. Since our inception on June 26, 2014, our activities
have focused on advancing the lead products in our pipeline towards commercialization while protecting our intellectual property,
expanding our management team, Board of Directors and Medical Advisory Board, raising initial working capital through two private
placements and consummating our initial public offering in April 2016. 

With regard to the five lead products in
our pipeline   PortIO, CarpX, NextCath, Caldus and NextFlo: 

we have filed initial final provisional patent applications
                                         for PortIO, Caldus, CarpX and NextFlo and acquired two patents and related patent applications
                                         for NextFlo; we have also filed additional patent applications encompassing improvements
                                         to the intellectual property resulting from ongoing design and development work on these
                                         products;   

in collaboration with our contracted design, engineering
                                         and manufacturing partners, we have completed the final commercial design of our PortIO
                                         implantable intraosseous vascular access device and are in the midst of formal verification
                                         and validation testing prior to FDA submission targeted to be completed by the end of
                                         2016; in collaboration with members of our medical advisory board we are developing a
                                         clinical and commercialization strategy for PortIO in anticipation of FDA clearance which
                                         includes both short-term and long-term applications;   

in collaboration with our contracted design, engineering
                                         and manufacturing partners, we have completed the design of the CarpX balloon catheter
                                         and used it to successfully divide the transverse carpal ligament in a cadaver model
                                         utilizing a completely percutaneous approach; we have completed the final design of the
                                         full commercial embodiment of the CarpX device including the handle and associated electronics;
                                         we anticipate initiating formal verification and validation testing of the device before
                                         the end of 2016 and FDA submission in 2017;   

we have selected interventional radiology catheters
                                         (pleural, peritoneal, abscess, nephrostomy, etc.) as the first commercial target for
                                         our NextCath self-anchoring short-term catheter platform technology; in collaboration
                                         with our contracted design, engineering and manufacturing partners we have finalized
                                         the design of the catheter and have initiated retention force testing in an animal model;
                                         we anticipate initiating pre-submission verification and validation testing of the initial
                                         NextCath device before the end of 2016 and FDA submission in 2017; we continue to explore
                                         the utilization of our NextCath platform technology in other short-term catheters including
                                         central venous catheters, peripherally-inserted central catheters (PICCs), gastrointestinal
                                         catheters and peripheral intravenous catheters;   

we have selected three initial applications for our
                                         Caldus disposable tissue ablation platform technology   endovenous ablation of
                                         varicose veins, endoluminal ablation of  fistula-in-ano  and renal denervation for
                                         the treatment of hypertension; in collaboration with our design, engineering and manufacturing
                                         partners we have completed proof of principle testing demonstrating that we can deliver
                                         temperatures of  90C to a balloon catheter for at least 20 minutes of ablation time
                                         and histologically confirmed tissue necrosis in a wide variety of tissues and organs
                                         in a pig model; we are currently optimizing the design of the renal denervation balloon
                                         and catheter and enhancing the design of the infusion device to higher specifications
                                         including temperatures up to 140C and significantly higher flow rates; we anticipate
                                         initiating animal testing for the initial three applications in the near future and verification
                                         and validation testing of the varicose vein and  fistula-in-ano  applications in
                                         early 2017;   

we continue to optimize the design and advance the underlying
                                         intellectual property for our NextFlo product; we have broadened the scope of the project
                                         to include our proprietary highly-accurate variable flow resistor design not only in
                                         disposable infusion pumps but also in a proprietary infusion administration set which
                                         can deliver a specified flow rate using gravity alone, without the need for an electronic
                                         infusion pump;   

we remain actively engaged with our full-service regulatory
                                         consulting partner who is working closely with our contracted design, engineering and
                                         manufacturing partners as our products advance towards regulatory submission, clearance
                                         and commercialization;   

Table of Contents           

we are evaluating a number of product opportunities
                                         and intellectual property covering a spectrum of clinical conditions, which have been
                                         presented to us by clinician innovators and academic medical centers, for consideration
                                         of a partnership to develop and commercialize these products; we are also exploring opportunities
                                         to partner with larger medical device companies to commercialize our lead products as
                                         they move towards regulatory clearance and commercialization; and   

we continue to advance additional internal conceptual
                                         phase projects in clinical areas including delivery of tumescent local anesthesia, extracorporeal
                                         membrane oxygenation (ECMO), sleep apnea and endotracheal intubation; and will accelerate
                                         their development commensurate with available capital and other resources.   

We have never been profitable and have incurred
net losses since inception. Our net loss was $1,928,722 and $3,940,337 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. This compares to a net loss for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 of $538,903 and $1,045,848,
respectively. Our net loss for all periods presented resulted from costs incurred in connection with our formation and operating
costs related to establishing and advancing our operations and our research and development programs discussed herein.
In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $1,350,248 and $2,827,721 of formation and operating costs,
respectively and $578,474 and $1,112,616 of research and development costs, respectively. In the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, we incurred $274,371 and $697,866 of formation and operating costs, respectively, and $264,532 and $347,982 of research
and development costs, respectively. 

We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable
future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory clearances for, our products,
hire additional personnel, and initiate commercialization of any approved products. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will
be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of any commercial products,
we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable, or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then
we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce our operations. 

Since June 26, 2014 (inception), we have
financed our operations principally through an aggregate of $6.3 million of equity financing resulting from private offerings
of our common stock and warrants and our IPO on April 28, 2016, including a total of $2.1 million of net proceeds through private
offerings of our equity prior to our IPO, and approximately $4.2 million of net cash proceeds resulting from our IPO. 

Our ability to continue to meet our financial
obligations and to achieve our business objectives is dependent upon, among other things, raising sufficient additional capital,
obtaining regulatory clearance for our products, commercializing our products, generating sufficient revenue and our ability to
continue to control expenses, to meet our obligations as they become due for the foreseeable future. Failure by us to raise sufficient
capital, obtain regulatory clearance for our products, commercialize our products, or manage our expenditures, among other factors,
may adversely impact our ability to achieve our intended business objectives and raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on the assumption we will continue to be a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We depend upon our ability, and will
continue to attempt, to secure additional equity and /or debt financing. We may not be successful, and without sufficient capital
funding, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
or the amounts and classification of liabilities resulting from the outcome of this uncertainty. See  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  for additional information regarding our capital funding requirements. 

Table of Contents           

Recent Developments    

On April 28, 2016, we consummated our IPO
with the issuance of 1,060,000 units, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant. The units were sold
at an offering price of $5.00 per unit, generating gross cash proceeds of $5.3 million and net cash proceeds of approximately
$4.2 million, after deducting cash selling agent discounts and commissions and other IPO offering expenses. In connection with
the consummation of the IPO, the units were approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol  PAVMU .
The common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on July 27, 2016 under the symbols  PAVM 
and  PAVMW , respectively, and the unit and symbol PAVMU ceased being quoted and traded on Nasdaq. 

On October 28, 2016, the Company filed
a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to register the issuance of 1,060,000 shares of the Company s common stock upon the
exercise of 1,060,000 warrants issued in the Company s IPO. As of the date of this filing on Form 10Q, the Registration
Statement has not yet been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

On November 2, 2016, we executed a Patent
License Agreement (the  License Agreement ) with Tufts University and its co-owners, the Massachusetts
Eye and Ear Infirmary and Massachusetts General Hospital (the Licensors ). Pursuant to the License Agreement, the
Licensors granted us the exclusive right and license to certain patents owned or controlled by the Licensors in connection with
the development and commercialization of antibiotic-eluting resorbable ear tubes on a proprietary aqueous silk technology. Upon
execution of the License Agreement, we paid the Licensors an up-front non-refundable license fee of $20,000 as well as a payment
of $30,000 as reimbursement of patent costs previously incurred by the Licensors. The License Agreement also provides for payments
by us to the Licensors upon the achievement of certain product development and regulatory clearance milestones as well as royalty
payments on net sales upon the commercialization of products developed utilizing the licensed patents. 

Table of Contents           

Financial Results of Operations  

Revenue   

To date, we have not generated any revenues
from product sales. Our ability to generate product revenue and become profitable depends upon our ability to successfully develop
and commercialize our products. 

Formation and operating costs   

Formation and operating costs consist primarily
of salaries and related costs for personnel, including travel expenses, for our employees in executive and research and development
functions. Other formation and operating costs include facility-related costs, professional fees, accounting and legal services,
consultants and expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining patents within our intellectual property portfolio. 

We anticipate our formation and operating
costs will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support our continued research and development and the potential
commercialization of our products. We also anticipate increased expenses related to being a public company, including audit, legal,
regulatory and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance as a public company, director and officer insurance
premiums and investor relations costs. Additionally, prior to the potential regulatory approval of our first product, we anticipate
an increase in payroll and related expenses as a result of our preparation for commercial operations, especially as it relates
to sales and marketing. 

Research and development costs   

Research and development costs consist principally
of internal and external costs incurred for the development of our products and include: 

consulting costs charged to us by various external contract
                                         research organizations we contract with to conduct preclinical studies and engineering
                                         studies;   

costs associated with regulatory filings;   

cost of laboratory supplies and acquiring, developing
                                         and manufacturing preclinical prototypes;   

product design engineering studies; and   

rental expense for facilities maintained solely for
                                         research and development purposes.   

Research and development
costs are expensed as incurred. 

From June 26, 2014 (inception) through September
30, 2016, we incurred approximately $1.6 million in research and development costs. We plan to increase our research and development
expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue development of our products. Our current and planned research and development
activities include the following: 

completion of engineering design studies for our five
                                         products;   

finalization of engineering designs and documentation
                                         supporting our five products;   

additional engineering and preclinical studies through
                                         our contract research suppliers;   

preparation and filing of regulatory submissions with
                                         the FDA for our five products; and   

establishing and documenting manufacturing processes
                                         for our five products.   

The successful development of our products
is highly uncertain and subject to numerous risks including, but not limited to: 

the scope, rate of progress and expense of our research
                                         and development activities;   

the scope, terms and timing of obtaining regulatory
                                         clearances;   

Table of Contents           

the expense of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing
                                         patent claims;   

the continued access to expertise through outsourced
                                         suppliers for engineering and manufacturing; and   

the cost, timing and our ability to manufacture sufficient
                                         prototype and commercial supplies for our products.   

Income Taxes   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized a deferred tax benefit which was fully offset by a corresponding valuation allowance. We have
evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Based on our history of
operating losses, we have concluded it is more likely than not that the benefit of our deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Accordingly, we have provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents           

Results of Operations   

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015.    

Revenues  

We have not generated any revenues to date.
Our ability to generate product revenue and become profitable depends upon our ability to successfully commercialize products. 

Formation and operating costs   

The following table summarizes our formation
and operating costs incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

In general, the higher formation and operating
costs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 is principally driven by additional costs from the broader scale of our
operations during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as well as increased costs for investor relations and public company
reporting requirements when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our formation and operational costs for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,350,248 and for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were $274,371. The
increased expense of $1,075,877 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is principally due to higher compensation
costs of $138,869, increased stock-based compensation expense of $292,084, increased outside professional services of $454,468,
increased facility and office related costs of  $45,879 related to our leased corporate office space, and board of directors
fees of $72,500. 

The increase in outside professional services
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $454,468 is principally comprised of higher consulting and professional fees
of $151,767 (which includes consulting fees incurred of $75,000 under the HCP /Advisors consulting agreement, $45,000 related
to the HCFP /Strategy Advisors and Swartwood Hesse agreements, and $37,500 related to the initial payment under the consulting
agreement with Michael Glennon); along with increased investor relations and marketing costs of $115,311, increased accounting,
legal, printing, and stockholder related costs of $155,326 associated with SEC reporting and public company requirements, and
increased regulatory consulting costs of $37,478, offset by lower legal fees related to intellectual property matters of $5,414.
During the three months ended September 30, 2015 the Company did not incur costs under the HCP /Advisors, HCFP /Strategy Advisors,
and Glennon consulting agreements or comparable costs for investor relations and compliance with SEC reporting and public company
requirements. 

Table of Contents           

Additionally, we issued stock options, concurrent
with the closing of our IPO on April 28, 2016, which resulted in the recognition of stock-based compensation expense in the amount
of $292,084 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Upon the completion of our IPO on April 28, 2016, board of director
compensation commenced resulting in the recognition of $72,500 of fees to members of the Company s board of directors during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Research and development costs   

The following table summarizes our research
and development costs incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

In general, the increased research and development
costs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 are due to the increased activities in support of advancing all of the
Company s products toward FDA submittals as compared with limited and early research and development efforts on just certain
of the products during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Research and development costs for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 were $578,474 and for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were $264,532. The increase in
costs of $313,942 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was principally due to the Company being engaged in
the development of all of its products while during the three months ended September 30, 2015 we incurred limited research and
development costs on just certain our products. 

We incurred $111,238 of compensation expense
classified as research and development cost, principally related to the services provided by our Chief Medical Officer during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, we issued stock options, concurrent with the closing of our IPO on April
28, 2016, which resulted in the recognition of stock-based compensation expense classified as research and development expense
in the amount of $30,900 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Research and development spending through outside service
providers increased by $171,804 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015. 

Table of Contents           

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015.    

Revenues   

We have not generated any revenues to date.
Our ability to generate product revenue and become profitable depends upon our ability to successfully commercialize products. 

Formation and operating costs   

The following table summarizes our formation
and operating costs incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

In general, the higher formation and operating
costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is principally driven by additional costs from the broader scale of our
operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as well as increased costs for investor relations and public company
reporting requirements when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our formation and operational costs for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $2,827,721 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $697,866. The increased
expense of $2,129,855 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is principally due to higher compensation costs of $409,441,
increased stock-based compensation expense of $447,232, increased outside professional services of $833,107, increased
facility and office related costs of $112,869 related to our leased corporate office space, increased travel related costs
of $130,412, and board of directors fees of $120,833. 

The increase in outside professional fees
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $833,107 is principally comprised of higher consulting and professional fees
of $287,002 (which includes consulting fees incurred of $225,000 under the HCP /Advisors consulting agreement, $45,000 related
to the HCFP /Strategy Advisors and Swartwood Hesse agreements, and $37,500 related to the initial payment under the consulting
agreement with Michael Glennon); along with increased investor relations and marketing costs of $149,749, increased accounting,
legal, printing and stockholder related costs of $306,308 associated with SEC reporting public company requirements, increased
legal costs of $35,470 for intellectual property, and increased regulatory consulting costs of $54,578. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 we did not incur costs under the HCP, HCFP /Swartwood Hesse, and Glennon consulting agreements or comparable
costs for investor relations and compliance with SEC reporting and public company requirements. 

Additionally, we issued stock options, concurrent
with the closing of our IPO on April 28, 2016, which resulted in the recognition of stock-based compensation expense in the amount
of $447,232 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Upon the completion of the Company s IPO on April 28, 2016
board of director compensation commenced resulting in the recognition of $120,833 of fees to members of the Company s board
of directors in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Table of Contents           

Research and development costs   

The following table summarizes our research
and development costs incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

In general, the increased research and development
costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are due to the increased activities in support of advancing all of the Company s
products toward FDA submittals as compared with limited and early research and development efforts on just certain of the products
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Research and development costs for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,112,616 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $347,982. The increase in
costs of $764,634 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the Company being engaged in the development
of all of our products while during the three months ended September 30, 2015 we incurred limited research and development costs
on certain of our products. 

We incurred $168,388 of compensation expense
classified as research and development expenses, principally related to the services provided by our Chief Medical Officer during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, we issued stock options, concurrent with the closing of its IPO on April
28, 2016, which resulted in the recognition of stock-based compensation expense classified as research and development expense
in the amount of $52,396 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Research and development spending through outside service
providers increased by $543,850 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015. 

Table of Contents           

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We have incurred net losses of $3,940,337
and $1,045,848 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities was
$3,251,887 and $601,579 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016, we had
an accumulated deficit of $5,991,321, working capital of $1,124,232 and cash of $1,788,650. We anticipate incurring losses
for the next several years as we complete the development of our products and file for and request regulatory clearances to market
our products. 

We do not expect to generate positive
cash flows in the near future. To date, from June 26, 2014 (inception), we have financed our operations principally through an
aggregate of $6.3 million of equity financing resulting from private offerings of our common stock and warrants and our IPO on
April 28, 2016, including a total of $2.1 million of net proceeds through private offerings of our equity prior to our IPO, and
approximately $4.2 million of net cash proceeds resulting from our April 28, 2016 IPO. 

We believe our existing cash will be sufficient
to fund our currently anticipated operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into early 2017. We have based this
estimate on assumptions which may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently
expect. Accordingly, we will need to raise additional funds to support our operating and capital needs starting in early 2017,
or sooner. We have engaged financial advisory firms to assist us with our financing efforts, however, there is no assurance the
financial advisory firms will be successful in these efforts. 

We may seek to sell additional equity and
/or incur indebtedness. The issuance of additional equity and /or
debt securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issue of debt
securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants
which may restrict our operations. We may also seek funding through collaborations or other similar arrangements with third parties,
including larger medical device companies. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional capital we may need to substantially
curtail our planned operations. 

Table of Contents           

Cash flows and liquidity   

The following table sets forth the primary
sources and uses of cash for each period set forth below: 

Net cash used in operating activities    

The net cash used in operating activities
was $3,251,887 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and consisted of a net loss of $3,940,337, adjusted for depreciation
of  $2,315 and stock based compensation of $499,628, offset by a net increase in operating assets and liabilities of 
$186,507. The significant items in the change in operating assets and liabilities include a net increase in accounts payable and
accrued expenses of $355,564, offset by an increase of $169,057 in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 

In the nine months ended September, 30,
2015, net cash used in operating activities was $601,579 and consisted of a net loss of $1,045,848 adjusted for non-cash
contributed services of $300,000 and a net increase in operating assets and liabilities of 144,269. The significant items
in the net change in operating assets and liabilities included increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $141,269
and a decrease of $3,000 in prepaid and other current assets. 

Net cash used in investing activities    

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016
cash used in investing activities included purchases of computer and research equipment totaling $21,793. There were no investing
related cash flows during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net cash provided by financing activities    

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016
cash provided by financing activities totaled $4,295,062, consisting of the cash proceeds, net of offering costs, received through
the Company s IPO closing on April 28, 2016. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by financing
activities amounted to $1,177,796, principally resulting from $1,250,000 of proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the
exercise of warrants, offset by $72,204 of payments of deferred offering costs associated with the Company s IPO. 

Table of Contents           

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and
Estimates   

This discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period.
In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Please see the  Critical Accounting
Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  section of our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and
which is incorporated herein by reference, for full detail. Since the date of those financial statements, there have been no changes
to the Company s significant accounting policies, other than the adoption of a policy for equipment and stock-based compensation,
including the early adoption of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09, as noted in the accompanying (unaudited)
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards   

Except for the early adoption of ASU 2016-09
as described below, we did not adopt any new accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that had
a material effect on our financial statements. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and subsequently issued
additional updates amending the guidance contained in Topic 606 thereby affecting the guidance contained in ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09
and the subsequent Topic 606 updates will supersede and replace nearly all existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance. The
core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount
equal to the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled for those goods and services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five
step process to achieve this core principle, and in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition
process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting
the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii)
a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the standard recognized at the date of adoption (which
includes additional footnote disclosures). The Company is evaluating the guidance in ASU 2014-09 and the subsequent Topic 606
updates and has not yet determined what, if any, effect this guidance will have on its results of operations or financial condition. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ).
The amendments in ASU 2016-10 clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b)
the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective
date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606.
The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018, although early adoption is permitted beginning January 1,
2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations  ( ASU 2016-08 ). The
amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent
considerations by amending certain existing illustrative examples and adding additional illustrative examples to assist in the
application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date
and transition requirements in Topic 606. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018, although early
adoption is permitted beginning January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Table of Contents           

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
which amended the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows (ASC 230) on the classification
of certain cash receipts and payments. The primary purpose of ASU 2016-15 is to reduce the diversity in practice which has resulted
from a lack of consistent principles on this topic. The amendments of ASU 2016-15 add or clarify guidance on eight specific cash
flow issues, including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration
payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of
corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization
transactions, and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The guidance of ASU 2016-15
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ), which establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model requiring a lessee
to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater-than 12 months. Leases will be classified as
either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods with those fiscal years. A
modified retrospective transition approach is required for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Table of Contents           

Contractual Obligations   

Other than noted below, there have been
no material changes since December 31, 2015 to our contractual obligations from the information provided in Item 7,  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, other than payments made or received in the ordinary course of business. 

The Company leases space for its corporate
office, which initially provided for two consecutive six month terms beginning on February 1, 2016, rent payments of $9,500
per month and the option to cancel the lease agreement at the end of the initial six-month term at the election of the Company.
Subsequently, the lease agreement was amended to add approximately 200 sq. ft. of rentable office space at an additional rate
of $4,400 per month; and, extended the lease term through May 31, 2017. Total rent expense under this office space lease arrangement
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $41,406 and $92,656, respectively. At September 30, 2016, the Company s
aggregate future commitment under the amended lease was $111,200. 

The Company has determined not to enter
into the previously disclosed management services agreement (the  Proposed Pavilion Agreement ) between the Company
and Pavilion Holdings Group LLC, an affiliate of Lishan Aklog, M.D., CEO, Michael J. Glennon, Vice Chairman and member of the
Board of Directors, and Brian J. deGuzman, M.D., CMO. The Proposed Pavilion Agreement had been expected to commence on the date
the Company s IPO was consummated. Notwithstanding the Proposed Pavilion Agreement was not executed, Mr. Glennon and Dr.
deGuzman have continued to serve as the Company s Vice Chairman and Chief Medical Officer, respectively. As noted below,
the Company and Dr. deGuzman entered into an employment agreement effective July 1, 2016, and effective October 1, 2016, the Company
and Mr. Glennon entered into a consulting agreement. 

Effective July 1, 2016, the Company entered
into a five-year employment agreement with Brian J. deGuzman, M.D., to serve as the Company s Chief Medical Officer (CMO)
(the  CMO Employment Agreement ), under which Dr. deGuzman will be paid a base salary of $285,000 per year
and will be eligible to earn annual performance bonuses upon meeting certain objectives as determined by the Board of Directors.
Additionally, Dr. deGuzman was paid an initial bonus of $50,000, for services provided before the agreement s effective date. 

Effective October 1, 2016, the Company
and Mr. Glennon entered into a consulting agreement, under which Mr. Glennon will provide the Company with services and advice
relating to the successful development and commercialization of medical device products, including interfacing with outsourced
contract manufacturers, assisting with development of the supply chain and establishing commercialization channels with independent
distributors and strategic corporate partners, and will provide such other services as requested by the Company s Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. As compensation for his services, Mr. Glennon will receive a monthly retainer of $12,500 and an initial
payment of $37,500 for past services upon execution of the Consulting Agreement, with the initial payment recognized as an accrued
expense at September 30, 2016. The Glennon Consulting Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 30 days  prior written
notice, except either party may terminate the Glennon Consulting Agreement immediately for cause (which includes an uncured material
breach of the agreement). The Glennon Consulting Agreement also will terminate immediately if the parties agree to the employment
of Mr. Glennon on a full-time basis. The Glennon Consulting Agreement contains covenants for the protection of the Company s
confidential information and a mutual indemnity provision for claims arising out of the services. 

Table of Contents           

Effective September 2016, the Company entered
into a consulting agreement with HCFP /Strategy Advisors LLC, an affiliate of certain directors and officers of the Company (the
 HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement ). Under the HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement, HCFP /Strategy Advisors LLC has been
engaged to provide various strategic advisory services, including: strategic business planning, to identify and assist with potential
sources of financing arrangements, promotion of the Company to various potential investors, and to provide strategic advisory
services as reasonably requested by the Company. The HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement total fee amounts to $110,000, with $30,000
paid upon execution and $20,000 per month thereafter. The Company incurred expense of $30,000 in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 under the HCFP Strategic Advisory Agreement. 

Effective September 2016, the Company also
entered into a consulting agreement with Swartwood Hesse, Inc., an affiliate of HCFP /Strategy Advisors (which, as noted above,
is an affiliate of certain directors and officers of the Company) (the  Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement ).
Under the Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement, Swartwood Hesse, Inc. has been engaged to provide advisory services regarding
potential financing arrangements, assisting the Company with its investors relations, and provide other financial advisory services
as reasonably requested by the Company. The Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement total fee amounts to $15,000, which was
paid upon execution of the agreement. The Company may incur additional fees for investment banking services under a separate written
agreement to be executed between the Company and Swartwood Hesse, Inc. The Company incurred expense of $15,000 in the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 under the Swartwood Hesse Financial Advisory Agreement. 

Table of Contents           

JOBS Act   

We are an  emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (JOBS Act), and are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including,
but not limited to, only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements
with correspondingly reduced  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
disclosure, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy or
information statements, and not being required to adopt certain new and revised accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to avail ourselves of the extended time for the adoption of
new or revised f accounting standards, and, therefore, will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as
public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Off-Balance sheet arrangements   

We do not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC regulations. 

Table of Contents           

Item 3. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market
risk   

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and procedures   

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures   

Our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Based on our evaluation, we believe that
our disclosure controls and procedures as of the date of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been designed and are functioning
effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms. We believe that a controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that
the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has not performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during any period in accordance with the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result, it is possible, had our independent registered public accounting firm performed
an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, material
weaknesses and significant control deficiencies may have been identified. However, for as long as we remain an  emerging
growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of the exemption permitting us not to comply with
the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting   

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the period covered by this report
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Table of Contents           

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds.   

Sales of Unregistered Securities   

There were no sales of unregistered securities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering   

On April 28, 2016, we closed the IPO, selling
1,060,000 units, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant at a public offering price of $5.00
per unit for an aggregate offering of $5.3 million. The offer and sale of all of the units in the offering were registered
under the Securities Act pursuant to registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 203569), which was declared effective by
the SEC on January 29, 2016. The offering commenced on January 29, 2016 and did not terminate until the Company and its selling
agent, The Benchmark Company, LLC, declared the offering closed on a  best efforts  basis on April 28, 2016. 

We received cash net proceeds from the offering
of approximately $4.2 million, after deducting cash selling agent discounts and commissions and other cash offering expenses.
None of the selling agent discounts and commissions or other offering expenses were incurred or paid to directors or officers
of ours or their associates or to persons owning 10% or more of our common stock or to any affiliates of ours. 

There has been no material change in our
planned use of the net proceeds from the offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4)
under the Securities Act. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents           

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit
    No.    
         
       Description    
 
      10.1  
       
      Employment Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016,
    by and between PAVmed Inc. and Brian deGuzman, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PAVmed
    Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2016)   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer
    pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer
    pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101  
       
      The following materials from the Company s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language):
    (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Condensed Consolidated
    Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.    

Table of Contents           

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PAVmed Inc.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Richard
    F. Fitzgerald  

Richard F. Fitzgerald, Chief Financial Officer
      
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602483_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER   

I, Lishan Aklog, M.D., certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PAVmed Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                                         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
                                         information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
                                         condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
                                         periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
                                         of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
                                         based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
                                         the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
                                         of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                                         design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/
    Lishan Aklog, M.D.    

Lishan Aklog, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602483_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER   

I, Richard F. Fitzgerald, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PAVmed Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                                         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
                                         information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
                                         condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
                                         periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
                                         of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
                                         based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
                                         the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
                                         of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                                         design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/
    Richard F. Fitzgerald    

Richard F. Fitzgerald, Chief Financial Officer  
      (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602483_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of PAVmed Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Lishan Aklog, M.D., Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
                                         13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
                                         in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/
    Lishan Aklog, M.D.     

Lishan Aklog, M.D., Chief Executive Officer  
      (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1602483_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of PAVmed Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Richard F. Fitzgerald, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
                                         13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
                                         in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/
    Richard F. Fitzgerald    

Richard F. Fitzgerald, Chief Financial Officer  
      (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 pavm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 pavm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 pavm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 pavm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 pavm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 pavm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

