<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1318742_0001571049-16-019691_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4134479</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106155</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>237821</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>827648</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1881248</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>975710</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019691.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019691
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NCL CORP Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001318742
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		IRS NUMBER:				200470163
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-128780
		FILM NUMBER:		161984409

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7665 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33126
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 436-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7665 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019691.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 t1602588_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the
transition period from                         
  to________   

Commission File Number: 333-128780  

NCL CORPORATION LTD.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Bermuda   
       20-0470163    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification No.)    

7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida
33126  

   (Address
of principal executive offices) (zip code)   

(305) 436-4000  

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

N/A  

   (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes         No   x  

(Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer
of reports required to be filed under Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
      x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x  

There were 31,164,004 ordinary shares outstanding as of November 3,
2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
        PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
      1   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      27   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      27   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      28   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      28   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      29   

SIGNATURES    
      30   

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

  NCL Corporation Ltd.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(Unaudited) 
(in thousands)   

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

NCL Corporation Ltd.  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income   

  (Unaudited)  

  (in thousands)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents  

NCL Corporation Ltd.   

  Consolidated Balance Sheets   

  (Unaudited)   

  (in thousands, except share data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

NCL Corporation Ltd.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)   

  (in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

NCL Corporation Ltd.  

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Shareholders  Equity   

  (Unaudited)   

  (in thousands)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

NCL Corporation Ltd.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

  (Unaudited)   

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires,
references in this report to (i) the  Company,   we,   our  and  us  refer to NCLC
(as defined below) and its subsidiaries (including Prestige (as defined below), except for periods prior to the consummation of
the Acquisition of Prestige (as defined below)), (ii)  NCLC  refers to NCL Corporation Ltd., (iii)  NCLH 
refers to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., (iv)  Norwegian  refers to the Norwegian Cruise Line brand and its predecessors,
(v)  Prestige  refers to Prestige Cruises International, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, (vi)  PCH 
refers to Prestige Cruise Holdings, Inc., Prestige s direct wholly owned subsidiary, which in turn is the parent of Oceania
Cruises, Inc. ( Oceania Cruises ) and Seven Seas Cruises S. DE R.L. ( Regent ) (Oceania Cruises also refers
to the brand by the same name and Regent also refers to the brand Regent Seven Seas Cruises) and (vii)  Affiliate 
refers to Genting Hong Kong Limited and/or its affiliates (formerly Star Cruises Limited and/or its affiliates). References to
the  U.S.  are to the United States of America,  dollars  or  $  are to U.S. dollars, the  U.K. 
are to the United Kingdom and  euros  or     are to the official currency of the Eurozone.  

1.      Description of Business
and Organization   

NCLH is a leading global cruise company which operates the Norwegian
Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands. We have 24 ships with approximately 46,500 Berths including
Sirena, previously under a Bareboat Charter, which joined our Oceania Cruises  fleet in April 2016 and Seven Seas Explorer
which was delivered in June 2016. We will introduce four additional ships to our fleet through 2020. Norwegian Joy, Norwegian Bliss
and one additional Breakaway Plus Class Ship is on order for delivery in the spring of 2017, the spring of 2018 and the fall of
2019, respectively. An Explorer Class Ship is on order for delivery in the winter of 2020. These additions to our fleet will increase
our total Berths to approximately 59,000. 

2.      Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements are unaudited
and, in our opinion, contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented. 

Our operations are seasonal and results for interim periods
are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire fiscal year. Historically, demand for cruises has been strongest during
the Northern Hemisphere s summer months. The interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in our most recently
filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform
to the current period presentation. 

Revenue and Expense Recognition   

Deposits received from guests for future voyages are recorded
as advance ticket sales and are subsequently recognized as passenger ticket revenue along with onboard and other revenue, and all
associated direct costs of a voyage are recognized as cruise operating expenses on a pro-rata basis over the period of the voyage.
Guest cancellation fees are recognized in passenger ticket revenue in the month of the cancellation. Certain of our product offerings
are accounted for under the guidance included within multi-element arrangements and result in an allocation of the fair value between
passenger ticket revenue and onboard and other revenue.  

Revenue and expenses include port fees and taxes. The amounts
included on a gross basis are $80.3 million and $70.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $214.3 million and $184.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Foreign Currency  

The majority of our transactions are settled in U.S. dollars.
We translate assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Gains or
losses resulting from transactions denominated in other currencies are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations
within other expense. We recognized losses of $1.5 million and gains of $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and losses of $1.9 million and gains of $8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense  

The amortization of deferred financing fees is included in depreciation
and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of cash flows; however, for purposes of the consolidated statements of
operations it is included in interest expense, net. 

Table of Contents  

Goodwill   

We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently
when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. Based
on the recent performance of the Oceania Cruises  reporting unit, we performed an interim Step 1 Test which consists of a
combined approach using the expected future cash flows and market multiples to determine the fair value of the reporting unit.
We determined that there was no impairment of goodwill as the Step 1 Test supports the carrying value of the reporting unit. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15 which amends Topic 230 (Statement of Cash Flows) to eliminate
discrepancies in reporting certain items in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual periods with early adoption permitted. The transition should be
made using a retrospective approach. We do not believe that the adoption of this guidance will be material to our consolidated
statements of cash flows. 

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 which addresses
improvements to the guidance on revenue from contracts from customers regarding collectibility, noncash consideration, and completed
contracts at transition. Additionally, it provides a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting
policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers. The effective date
of this guidance is upon adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 which is presented below. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption
of this guidance to our consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-11 which is a rescission
of Securities and Exchange Commission guidance related to the issuance of ASU No. 2014-09 which is presented below. The effective
date of this guidance is upon adoption of ASU No. 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance
to our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10 which does not
change the core principle of the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09 but clarifies two aspects: identifying performance obligations and
the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas. The effective date of this guidance
is upon adoption of ASU No. 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance to our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 to improve multiple
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that the
adoption of this guidance will be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 which sets
out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e.
lessees and lessors). The ASU requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and
obligations created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. The ASU further modifies lessors  classification
criteria for leases and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The ASU will also require qualitative and
quantitative disclosures designed to give financial statement users additional information on the amount, timing, and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those annual
periods, beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. The ASU is to be applied using a modified retrospective
approach.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance to our consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11 to simplify the
measurement of inventory for all entities. This applies to all inventory that is measured using either the first-in, first-out
or average cost method. The guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The
guidance must be applied prospectively and will be effective for our interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of this guidance to our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05 to clarify
a customer s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license or if the arrangement should be accounted for as a
service contract. This guidance will impact the accounting of software licenses but will not change a customer s
accounting for service contracts. The guidance will be effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those
annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. We have adopted this guidance and there has not been an impact to our
consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 which requires
entities to recognize revenue through the application of a five-step model, including identification of the contract, identification
of the performance obligations, determination of the transaction price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligation and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies the performance obligations. Entities have the option of using either
a full retrospective or a modified approach to adopt the guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14 deferring the
effective date for one year. We can elect to adopt the provisions of ASU No. 2014-09 for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2017 including interim periods within that reporting period or we can elect to early adopt the guidance as of the original
effective date. We have initiated an assessment of our systems, data and processes related to the implementation of this guidance.
This assessment is expected to be completed during 2017. Additionally, we are currently evaluating the potential impact on our
consolidated financial statements. 

3.      Intangible Assets   

The gross carrying amounts of intangible assets included within
other long-term assets, the related accumulated amortization, the net carrying amounts and the weighted-average amortization periods
of the Company s intangible assets are listed in the following table (in thousands, except amortization period):  

The aggregate amortization expense is as follows (in thousands): 

The following table sets forth the Company s estimated
aggregate amortization expense for each of the five years below (in thousands): 

Table of Contents  

4.      Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss)   

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  We refer you to Note 7   Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives  for the affected line items in the consolidated
statements of operations.   

(2)  Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense.   

(3)  Includes $67.2 million of loss expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months.   

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  
      We refer you to Note 7   Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives  for the affected line items in the consolidated statements of operations.   
 
      (2)  
      Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense.   

5.      Property and Equipment,
net   

Property and equipment, net increased $595.4 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the delivery of Seven Seas Explorer and the refurbishment of several ships. 

6.      Long-Term Debt   

In June 2016, NCLC and Voyager Vessel Company, LLC, indirect
subsidiaries of NCLH, entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Amended Senior Secured Credit Facility )
with a syndicate of banks which restates the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2014 (the  Existing
Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The Amended Senior Secured Credit Facility amends the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facility
to, among other things, (i) (a) increase the aggregate amount of commitments under the Revolving Loan Facility from $625.0 million
to $750.0 million (the  New Revolving Loan Facility ) and (b) increase the aggregate principal amount outstanding under
the $1.38 billion term loan facility from $1.16 billion to $1.51 billion (the  New Term Loan A Facility ) and (ii)
extend the maturity of the New Term Loan A Facility and the New Revolving Loan Facility to June 2021 (the  Extended Maturity
Date ). The agreement incorporates a springing maturity date for the New Term Loan A Facility and the New Revolving Loan
Facility such that both mature on (A) the earlier date that is 91 days prior to the final maturity date of NCLC s $680.0
million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2019 (the  5.25% Notes ) if on such date (x)
the 5.25% Notes have not been repaid (or refinanced with indebtedness maturing after the Extended Maturity Date) by such date and
(y) free liquidity does not exceed the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 5.25% Notes by at least $50.0 million and (B)
the earlier date that is 91 days prior to the final maturity date of NCLC s $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of
4.625% senior unsecured notes due 2020 (the  4.625% Notes ) if on such date (x) the 4.625% Notes have not been repaid
(or refinanced with indebtedness maturing after the Extended Maturity Date) by such date and (y) free liquidity does not exceed
the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 4.625% Notes by at least $50.0 million. NCLC used proceeds of approximately $1.59
billion from the New Term Loan A Facility and the New Revolving Loan Facility to prepay the entire outstanding principal amount
of the Revolving Loan Facility, the $1.38 billion term loan facility and a $350.0 million term loan facility. 

Table of Contents  

The New Term Loan A Facility and New Revolving Loan Facility
bear interest at a rate per annum of (a) an adjusted LIBOR rate or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (i)
the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the prime rate in effect on such day and (iii) the adjusted LIBOR rate plus 1%, in each
case plus an applicable margin that is determined by reference to a total leverage ratio, with an applicable margin of between
2.25% and 1.50% with respect to Eurocurrency loans and between 1.25% and 0.50% with respect to base rate loans. The initial applicable
margin for borrowings is 2.25% with respect to Eurocurrency borrowings and 1.25% with respect to base rate borrowings. 

The New Term Loan A Facility is required to be repaid in quarterly
installments that commenced in September 2016, in a principal amount equal to (a) in the case of installments payable on or prior
to June 6, 2018, 1.25% of the loans outstanding immediately after the closing date under the New Term Loan A Facility and (b) in
the case of installments payable after June 6, 2018, 2.50% of the loans outstanding immediately after the closing date under the
New Term Loan A Facility, with the remaining unpaid principal amount of loans under the New Term Loan A Facility due and payable
in full at maturity on June 6, 2021. Principal amounts outstanding under the New Revolving Loan Facility are due and payable in
full at maturity on June 6, 2021, subject to earlier repayment pursuant to the springing maturity date described above. 

In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under
the borrowings, we are obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee at a rate determined by reference to a total leverage ratio,
with a maximum commitment fee of 40% of the applicable margin for Eurocurrency loans. 

In June 2016, we took delivery of Seven Seas Explorer. To finance
the payment due upon delivery, we had export financing in place for 80% of the contract price. The associated $373.6 million term
loan bears interest at 3.43% with a maturity date of June 30, 2028. Principal and interest payments are payable semiannually. 

NCLC, a subsidiary of NCLH, entered into
a Supplemental Agreement, dated July 26, 2016, by and among NCLC, as guarantor, Breakaway Four, Ltd. (the  Borrower ),
as borrower, NCL International Ltd., as shareholder, and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH ( KfW ), as facility agent and lender (the
 Credit Agreement Amendment ), which amends the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2012, by and among NCLC,
as parent, the Borrower and KfW, as facility agent and lender (the  Existing Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement
Amendment amends the Existing Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase the aggregate principal amount of commitments under
the multi-draw term loan credit facility from  590.5 million to  729.9 million. Except as provided in the Credit Agreement
Amendment, all other provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement remain in full force.    

7.      Fair Value Measurements
and Derivatives   

Fair value is defined as the price at which an orderly transaction
to sell an asset or to transfer a liability would take place between market participants at the measurement date under current
market conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset
or owes the liability). 

Fair Value Hierarchy  

The following hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value
should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available: 

Level 1  
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement dates.   

Level 2  
      Significant other observable inputs that are used by market participants in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources.   

Level 3  
      Significant unobservable inputs we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available.   

Derivatives  

We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest
rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of our normal
operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. We assess whether derivatives used in hedging transactions
are  highly effective  in offsetting changes in the cash flow of our hedged forecasted transactions. We use regression
analysis for this hedge relationship and high effectiveness is achieved when a statistically valid relationship reflects a high
degree of offset and correlation between the fair values of the derivative and the hedged forecasted transaction. Cash flows from
the derivatives are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged transaction. The determination
of ineffectiveness is based on the amount of dollar offset between the cumulative change in fair value of the derivative and the
cumulative change in fair value of the hedged transaction at the end of the reporting period. If it is determined that a derivative
is not highly effective as a hedge, or if the hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, then the amount
recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is released to earnings. In addition, the ineffective portion of our
highly effective hedges is recognized in earnings immediately and reported in other income (expense) in our consolidated statements
of operations. There are no amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and there are no credit-risk-related contingent
features in our derivative agreements. 

Table of Contents  

We monitor concentrations of credit risk associated with financial
and other institutions with which we conduct significant business. Credit risk, including but not limited to counterparty non-performance
under derivatives and our New Revolving Loan Facility, is not considered significant, as we primarily conduct business with large,
well-established financial institutions that we have established relationships with and that have credit risks acceptable to us
or the credit risk is spread out among a large number of creditors. We do not anticipate non-performance by any of our significant
counterparties.  The following table sets forth our derivatives measured at fair value and discloses the balance sheet location
(in thousands): 

The fair values of swap and forward contracts are determined
based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The
Company determines the value of options and collars utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that are either readily available
in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The option pricing model used by the
Company is an industry standard model for valuing options and is used by the broker/dealer community. The inputs to this option
pricing model are the option strike price, underlying price, risk-free rate of interest, time to expiration, and volatility. The
fair value of option contracts considers both the intrinsic value and any remaining time value associated with those derivatives
that have not yet settled. The Company also considers counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk in its determination of
all estimated fair values. Our derivatives and financial instruments were categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, and
we had no derivatives or financial instruments categorized as Level 1 or Level 3. 

Our derivative contracts include rights of offset with our counterparties.
We have elected to net certain assets and liabilities within counterparties when the rights of offset exist. We are not required
to post cash collateral related to our derivative instruments. 

The following table discloses the gross and net amounts recognized
within assets and liabilities (in thousands): 

Table of Contents  

Fuel Swaps   

As of September 30, 2016, we had fuel swaps maturing through
December 31, 2020 which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in fuel prices pertaining to approximately
1.7 million metric tons of our projected fuel purchases. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
fuel swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

We had fuel swaps that matured which were not designated as
cash flow hedges. These fuel swaps were previously designated as cash flow hedges and were dedesignated due to a change in our
expected future fuel purchases mix. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
fuel swaps which were dedesignated and recognized into earnings were as follows (in thousands): 

Fuel Collars   

We had fuel collars that matured and were used to mitigate the
financial impact of volatility in fuel prices of our fuel purchases. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
fuel collars which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands):  

Foreign Currency Options    

We had foreign currency options that matured which consisted
of call options with deferred premiums. These options were used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in foreign currency
exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in euros. If the spot rate at the date the ships were delivered
was less than the strike price under these option contracts, we would have paid the deferred premium and would not exercise the
foreign currency options. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
foreign currency options which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands):  

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts    

As of September 30, 2016, we had foreign currency forward contracts
which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction
contracts denominated in euros. The notional amount of our foreign currency forward contracts was  2.3 billion, or $2.6 billion
based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of September 30, 2016. 

Table of Contents  

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
foreign currency forward contracts which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

We had foreign currency forward contracts that matured and were
used to mitigate the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates related to financial instruments denominated in foreign currencies. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of foreign
currency forward contracts which were not designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

Foreign Currency Collars   

We had foreign currency collars that matured and were used to
mitigate the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in euros. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
foreign currency collar which was designated as a cash flow hedge was as follows (in thousands): 

The effect on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign
currency collar which was not designated as a cash flow hedge was as follows (in thousands): 

Interest Rate Swaps    

As of September 30, 2016, we had interest rate swap agreements
to hedge our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. The notional amount of outstanding debt associated
with the interest rate swap agreements was $339.8 million as of September 30, 2016. 

The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the
interest rate swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

We had an interest rate swap that matured which was used to
mitigate our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. 

The effect on the consolidated financial statements of the interest
rate swap contract which was not designated as a hedging instrument was as follows (in thousands): 

Table of Contents  

Long-Term Debt   

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value
of our long-term debt, including the current portion, was $6.5 billion which was $16.4 million higher and $6.6 million lower, respectively,
than the carrying values. The difference between the fair value and carrying value of our long-term debt is due to our fixed and
variable rate debt obligations carrying interest rates that are above or below market rates at the measurement dates. The fair
value of our long-term debt was calculated based on estimated rates for the same or similar instruments with similar terms and
remaining maturities resulting in Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Market risk associated with our long-term variable
rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates. The calculation of the fair value of
our long-term debt is considered a Level 2 input. 

Other   

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets
of all other financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value. 

8.      Employee Benefits and
Compensation Plans   

Share Option Awards  

On March 1, 2016, NCLH granted 1.0 million share option awards
to its employees at an exercise price of $50.31 with a contractual term of ten years. The share options vest equally over three
years. 

The following is a summary of option activity under NCLH s
share option plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (excludes the impact of 364,584 previously awarded performance-based
options as no grant date has been established): 

Restricted Ordinary Share Awards  

The following is a summary of restricted ordinary share activity
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Restricted Share Unit Awards  

On March 1, 2016, NCLH granted 1.2 million restricted share
unit awards to its employees which vest equally over three years.  

The following is a summary of restricted share unit activity
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (excludes the impact of 87,500 previously awarded performance-based restricted share
units as no grant date was established): 

Table of Contents  

The share-based compensation expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $16.8 million of which $15.0 million was recorded in marketing, general and administrative expense and $1.8
million was recorded in payroll and related expense. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $48.3 million of which $42.7
million was recorded in marketing, general and administrative expense and $5.6 million was recorded in payroll and related expense. 

9.      Commitments and Contingencies   

Ship Construction Contracts  

We have Norwegian Joy, Norwegian Bliss and one additional Breakaway
Plus Class Ship on order with Meyer Werft shipyard for delivery in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and the fall of 2019, respectively.
These ships will be amongst the largest in our fleet, reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons. The combined contract price of
these three ships is approximately  2.6 billion, or $2.9 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate
as of September 30, 2016. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of their contract prices. We
have an Explorer Class Ship on order with Fincantieri shipyard with an original contract price of approximately  422.0 million,
or approximately $474.1 million based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of September 30, 2016. We have export credit
financing in place that provides financing for 80% of the contract price. The Explorer Class Ship is expected to be delivered
in the winter of 2020. 

In connection with the contracts to build these ships, we do
not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellations to occur. However, if any would occur, it could result in, among other
things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, subject to certain refund guarantees, and potential claims and
impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Litigation  

In the normal course of our business, various claims and lawsuits
have been filed or are pending against us. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly, the maximum
amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. 

Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome of these claims and lawsuits
that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall exposure with respect to all
of our threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for all estimable probable losses
associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent losses beyond those accrued,
as discovery is not complete nor is adequate information available to estimate such range of loss or potential recovery. However,
based on our current knowledge, we do not believe that the aggregate amount or range of reasonably possible losses with respect
to these matters will be material to our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We intend to vigorously
defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary, seek recovery. 

10.      Restructuring Costs   

Due to the Acquisition of Prestige, a number of employee positions
were consolidated. As of September 30, 2016, we had no accrual balance for restructuring costs for severance and
other employee-related costs. The expense of $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is included in marketing,
general and administrative expense. 

The following table summarizes changes in the accrual for restructuring
costs (in thousands): 

11.      Supplemental Cash Flow
Information   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had non-cash
investing activities in connection with property and equipment of $22.3 million and for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we had non-cash investing activities in connection with capital leases of $28.5 million and capital expenditures of
$6.5 million.   

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established
by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained, or
incorporated by reference, in this report, including, without limitation, those regarding our business strategy, financial position,
results of operations, plans, prospects and objectives of management for future operations (including development plans and objectives
relating to our activities), are forward-looking statements. Many, but not all, of these statements can be found by looking for
words like  expect,   anticipate,   goal,   project,   plan,   believe, 
 seek,   will,   may,   forecast,   estimate,   intend, 
 future  and similar words. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and may involve risks, uncertainties
and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and
other factors include, but are not limited to the impact of: 

adverse general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment, underemployment and
the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these conditions that decrease
the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence;   

the risks and increased costs associated with operating internationally;   

an impairment of our tradenames or goodwill which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results;   

our efforts to expand our business into new markets;   

adverse events impacting the security of travel, such as terrorist acts, acts of piracy, armed conflict and threats thereof
and other international events;   

breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks;   

the spread of epidemics and viral outbreaks;   

adverse incidents involving cruise ships;   

changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs;   

our hedging strategies;   

our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage;   

our substantial indebtedness, including the ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, and to generate the
necessary amount of cash to service our existing debt;   

restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our flexibility in operating our business;   

the significant portion of our assets pledged as collateral under our existing debt agreements and the ability of our creditors
to accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness;   

our ability to incur significantly more debt despite our substantial existing indebtedness;   

volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets, which may adversely affect our ability to borrow and
could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations,
insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees;   

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;   

our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel;   

future changes relating to how external distribution channels sell and market our cruises;   

our reliance on third parties to provide hotel management services to certain ships and certain other services;   

delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments;   

future increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services;   

seasonal variations in passenger fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year;   

our ability to keep pace with developments in technology;   

amendments to our collective bargaining agreements for crew members and other employee relation issues;   

the continued availability of attractive port destinations;   

pending or threatened litigation, investigations and enforcement actions;   

changes involving the tax and environmental regulatory regimes in which we operate; and   

other factors set forth under  Risk Factors  in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and  Item
1A. Risk Factors  in this report.   

The above examples are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from
time to time. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date made. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change of events,
conditions or circumstances on which any such statement was based, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents  

Terminology  

This report includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, such
as Net Revenue, Net Yield, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Yield, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel,
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income. Definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures are included below. For further information
about our non-GAAP financial measures including detailed adjustments made in calculating our non-GAAP financial measures and a
reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, we refer you to  Results of Operations  below. 

Unless otherwise indicated in this report, the following terms
have the meanings set forth below: 

Acquisition of Prestige.  In November 2014, pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, we acquired Prestige in a cash and stock transaction for total consideration of $3.025 billion,
including the assumption of debt. 

Adjusted EBITDA.  EBITDA adjusted for other income
(expense) and other supplemental adjustments. 

Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel.  Net Cruise
Cost Excluding Fuel adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

Adjusted Net Income.  Net income adjusted for supplemental
adjustments. 

Adjusted Net Revenue.  Net Revenue adjusted for
supplemental adjustments. 

Adjusted Net Yield.  Net Yield adjusted for supplemental
adjustments. 

Bareboat Charter.  The hire of a ship for a specified
period of time whereby no crew or provisions are provided by the Company. 

Berths.  Double occupancy capacity per cabin (single
occupancy per studio cabin) even though many cabins can accommodate three or more passengers. 

Breakaway Class Ships.  Norwegian Breakaway and
Norwegian Getaway. 

Breakaway Plus Class Ships . The next generation
of ships which are similar in design and innovation to Breakaway Class Ships. 

Business Enhancement Capital Expenditures . Capital
expenditures other than those related to new ship construction and ROI Capital Expenditures. 

Capacity Days.  Available Berths multiplied by
the number of cruise days for the period. 

Constant Currency.  A calculation whereby foreign
currency-denominated revenue and expenses in a period are converted at the U.S. dollar exchange rate of a comparable period in
order to eliminate the effects of foreign exchange fluctuations. 

Dry-dock.  A process whereby a ship is positioned
in a large basin where all of the fresh/sea water is pumped out in order to carry out cleaning and repairs of those parts of a
ship which are below the water line. 

EBITDA.  Earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation
and amortization. 

Explorer Class Ships.  Regent s Seven Seas
Explorer and a second ship on order. 

GAAP.  Generally accepted accounting principles
in the U.S. 

Gross Cruise Cost.  The sum of total cruise operating
expense and marketing, general and administrative expense. 

Gross Tons.  A unit of enclosed passenger space
on a cruise ship, such that one gross ton = 100 cubic feet or 2.831 cubic meters. 

Gross Yield.  Total revenue per Capacity Day. 

Management NCL Corporation Units.  NCLC s
previously outstanding profits interests issued to management (or former management) of NCLC which were converted into units in
NCLC. All Management NCL Corporation Units were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares in the fourth quarter
of 2014. 

Merger Agreement.  Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of September 2, 2014, by and among Prestige, NCLH, Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P., as amended,
for the Acquisition of Prestige. 

Net Cruise Cost.  Gross Cruise Cost less commissions,
transportation and other expense and onboard and other expense. 

Table of Contents  

Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel.  Net Cruise Cost
less fuel expense. 

Net Revenue.  Total revenue less commissions, transportation
and other expense and onboard and other expense. 

Net Yield.  Net Revenue per Capacity Day. 

New Revolving Loan Facility . $750.0 million senior
secured revolving credit facility maturing on June 6, 2021, subject to an earlier springing maturity date as described in Note
6   Long-Term Debt  in our consolidated financial statements included herein. The New Revolving Loan Facility
amended and restated the Revolving Loan Facility. 

Occupancy Percentage . The ratio of Passenger Cruise
Days to Capacity Days. A percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins. 

Passenger Cruise Days.  The number of passengers
carried for the period, multiplied by the number of days in their respective cruises. 

Revolving Loan Facility . $625.0 million senior
secured revolving credit facility which was to mature on May 24, 2018 and was amended and restated in June 2016 (such amendment
and restatement is referred to herein as the New Revolving Loan Facility). 

ROI Capital Expenditures.  Comprised of project-based
capital expenditures which have a quantified return on investment. 

Secondary Equity Offering(s).  Secondary public
offering(s) of NCLH s ordinary shares in December 2015, August 2015, May 2015, March 2015, March 2014, December 2013 and
August 2013. 

Shipboard Retirement Plan . An unfunded defined
benefit pension plan for certain crew members which computes benefits based on years of service, subject to certain requirements. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as Net Revenue,
Adjusted Net Revenue, Net Yield, Adjusted Net Yield, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel, Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted Net Income to enable us to analyze our performance. See  Terminology  for the definitions of these non-GAAP
financial measures. We utilize Net Revenue and Net Yield to manage our business on a day-to-day basis and believe that they are
the most relevant measures of our revenue performance because they reflect the revenue earned by us net of significant variable
costs. In measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in Net Cruise
Cost and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. 

As our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment
of vessels outside of the U.S., a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly British
pound, Canadian dollar, euro and Australian dollar which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting
currency, the U.S. dollar. In order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-GAAP measures on
a Constant Currency basis whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars
using currency exchange rates of the comparable period. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP measures on both a reported and
Constant Currency basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business. 

We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is appropriate as a supplemental
financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure
in determining our performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of our business, such as sales growth, operating costs,
marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. Adjusted EBITDA is not a defined term under
GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net
income as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and
interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments. 

In addition, Adjusted Net Revenue and Adjusted Net Yield, which
exclude certain business combination accounting entries, are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful as supplemental
measures in evaluating the performance of our operating business and provide greater transparency into our results of operations.
Adjusted Net Income is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain amounts and is used to supplement GAAP net income. We
use Adjusted Net Income as a key performance measure of our earnings performance. We believe that both management and investors
benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting and analyzing
future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management s internal comparison to our historical performance.
The amounts excluded in the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures may vary from period to period; accordingly, our
presentation of Adjusted Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Yield and Adjusted Net Income may not be indicative of future adjustments or
results. For example, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred an $11.2 million write-off, primarily due
to deferred financing fees due to the refinancing of certain credit facilities. We included the deferred financing fees as an
adjustment in the reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income since these amounts are not representative of our day-to-day operations
and we have included other write-offs of deferred financing fees as adjustments in prior periods. 

Table of Contents  

You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating
our non-GAAP financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-GAAP financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis.
In evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments
in our presentation. Our non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures
in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Our presentation of our non-GAAP financial
measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.
Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. Please see a historical reconciliation of these measures
to the most comparable GAAP measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the  Results of Operations 
section. 

Financial Presentation  

Revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities are categorized
by us as  passenger ticket revenue  and  onboard and other revenue.  Passenger ticket revenue and onboard
and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the
markets in which the ship operates. Our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest
during the Northern Hemisphere s summer months. 

Passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations,
meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, and includes revenue for service charges and air and land
transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. Onboard and other revenue primarily consists
of revenue from gaming, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services, photo services as well
as certain Bareboat Charter revenue. We record onboard revenue from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed
by independent concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue. 

Our cruise operating expense is classified as follows: 

Commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. These costs include travel agent commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, costs associated with service charges, certain port expenses and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accommodations included as part of the overall cruise purchase price.   

Onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs that are incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue. These include costs incurred in connection with gaming, beverage sales and shore excursions.   

Payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs of certain inventory items, including food, for a third party that provides crew and other hotel services for certain ships.   

Fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs.   

Food consists of food costs for passengers and crew on certain ships.   

Other consists of repairs and maintenance (including Dry-dock costs), ship insurance and other ship expenses.   

Critical Accounting Policies  

We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually
or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be
recoverable. Based on the recent performance of the Oceania Cruises  reporting unit, we performed an interim goodwill impairment
evaluation. Based on that evaluation, we determined that there was no impairment of goodwill because its fair value exceeded its
carrying value. However, if the fair value of that reporting unit declines in future periods, its goodwill may become impaired
at that time. As of September 30, 2016, there was $523.0 million of goodwill for the Oceania Cruises  reporting unit. 

Table of Contents  

For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates,
see  Critical Accounting Policies  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 under the caption  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
We have made no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those described in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Quarterly Overview  

Three months ended September 30, 2016 ( 2016 )
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 ( 2015 )  

Total revenue increased 15.6% to $1.5 billion in 2016 compared
to $1.3 billion in 2015 primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days and improved pricing. Gross Yield increased 1.5%. Net Revenue
in 2016 increased 17.4% to $1.1 billion from $975.2 million in 2015 due to an increase in Capacity Days of 13.9% and an increase
in Net Yield of 3.1%. The increase in Capacity Days was primarily due to the delivery of Norwegian Escape in October 2015, Sirena
joining our fleet in April 2016 and the delivery of Seven Seas Explorer in June 2016. The increase in Net Yield was primarily due
to improved pricing. 

We had net income of $346.0 million in 2016. Operating income
was $414.3 million in 2016 compared to $307.6 million in 2015. We had Adjusted Net Income of $372.8 million in 2016, which
includes $26.8 million of adjustments primarily consisting of expenses related to non-cash compensation, severance and
other fees and certain other adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA improved 22.2% in 2016 compared to 2015. We refer you to our
 Results of Operations  below for a calculation of Net Revenue, Gross Yield, Net Yield, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted
EBITDA. 

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth operating data as a percentage
of total revenue: 

Table of Contents  

Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Revenue, Gross Yield, Net Yield and
Adjusted Net Yield were calculated as follows (in thousands, except Capacity Days and Yield data):   

(1)  
       Reflects deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules.   

Gross Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost Excluding
Fuel and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except Capacity Days and per Capacity
Day data): 

Table of Contents  

(1)  
      Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.   

(2)  
      Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.   

(3)  
      Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(4)  
      Severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(5)  
      Expenses related to the exchange of Management NCL Corporation Units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(6)  
      Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(7)  
      Contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which is included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(8)  Contract termination expenses related to the Acquisition
of Prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense. 

Adjusted Net Income was calculated as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  
      Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.   

(2)  
      Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.   

(3)  
      Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(4)  
      Severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(5)  
      Expenses related to the exchange of Management NCL Corporation Units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(6)  
      Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

(7)  
      Deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules, which are primarily included in Net Revenue.   

(8)  
      Amortization of intangible assets related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in depreciation and amortization expense.   

(9)  
      Contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which is included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   

Table of Contents  

(10)  
      Losses and net gains for the fair value adjustment of a foreign exchange collar which does not receive hedge accounting and losses due to the dedesignation of certain fuels swaps. These adjustments are included in other expense.   

(11)  
      Contract termination expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense and depreciation and amortization expense.   

(12)  
      For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily reflects the write-off of deferred financing fees related to the refinancing of certain credit facilities, which is included in interest expense, net. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, reflects a tax benefit adjustment.   

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA were calculated as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  
      Primarily consists of gains and losses, net for derivative contracts and forward currency exchanges.   
 
      (2)  
      Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.   
 
      (3)  
      Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.   
 
      (4)  
      Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   
 
      (5)  
      Severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   
 
      (6)  
      Expenses related to the exchange of Management NCL Corporation Units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   
 
      (7)  
      Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   
 
      (8)  
      Deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules, which are primarily included in Net Revenue.   
 
      (9)  
      Contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which is included in marketing, general and administrative expense.   
 
      (10)  
      Contract termination expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense.   

Three months ended September 30, 2016 ( 2016 )
compared to three months ended September 30, 2015 ( 2015 )  

Revenue   

Total revenue increased 15.6% to $1.5 billion in 2016 compared
to $1.3 billion in 2015 primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days and improved pricing. Gross Yield increased 1.5%. Net Revenue
in 2016 increased 17.4% to $1.1 billion from $975.2 million in 2015 due to an increase in Capacity Days of 13.9% and an increase
in Net Yield of 3.1%. The increase in Capacity Days was primarily due to the delivery of Norwegian Escape in October 2015, Sirena
joining our fleet in April 2016 and the delivery of Seven Seas Explorer in June 2016. The increase in Net Yield was primarily due
to improved pricing. Adjusted Net Revenue includes a deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $3.0 million in 2015 related to
the Acquisition of Prestige. On a Constant Currency basis, Net Yield and Adjusted Net Yield increased 3.7% and 3.4%, respectively,
in 2016 compared to 2015. We refer you to the  Results of Operations  above for a reconciliation of Gross Yield to
Adjusted Net Yield. 

Table of Contents  

Expense   

Gross Cruise Cost increased 10.5% in 2016 compared to 2015
due to an increase in total cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense. Total cruise operating
expense increased 9.3% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the increase in Capacity Days as discussed above. Total other
operating expense increased 10.1% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in marketing, general and administrative
expenses which included an increase in marketing expenses of $16.0 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was relatively
unchanged as the increase due to the addition of Norwegian Escape and ship improvement projects in 2016 was offset by the recognition
in 2015 of an incremental $15.6 million of amortization of intangible assets due to the Acquisition of Prestige. On a Capacity
Day basis, Net Cruise Cost decreased 2.6% on an actual and a Constant Currency basis as the increases in expenses discussed above
were primarily offset by the decrease in fuel expense. The average fuel price decreased 11.5% to $500 per metric ton in 2016 from
$565 per metric ton in 2015. Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day increased 1.7% on an actual and a
Constant Currency basis primarily due to the increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses discussed above. We refer
you to the  Results of Operations  above for a reconciliation of Gross Cruise Cost to Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding
Fuel. 

Interest expense, net increased to $60.7 million in 2016 from
$49.8 million in 2015 primarily due to an increase in average debt balances outstanding primarily associated with the delivery
of Norwegian Escape in October 2015 and Seven Seas Explorer in June 2016 as well as slightly higher interest rates due to an increase
in LIBOR rates. 

Other expense was $5.3 million in 2016 compared to $1.7 million
in 2015. In 2016, the expense was primarily related to unrealized and realized losses on fuel swap derivative hedge contracts and
foreign exchange derivative hedge contracts and foreign currency transaction losses. In 2015, the expense was primarily related
to the dedesignation of certain fuel swap derivative hedge contracts and the ineffectiveness of settled fuel swaps in 2015. The
expense in 2015 was partially offset by income related to the fair value adjustment for a foreign exchange collar which did not
receive hedge accounting treatment and foreign currency transaction gains. 

In 2016, we had an income tax expense of $2.3 million compared
to a benefit of $0.2 million in 2015. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 ( 2016 )
compared to nine months ended September 30, 2015 ( 2015 )  

Revenue   

Total revenue increased 13.3% to $3.7 billion in 2016 compared
to $3.3 billion in 2015 primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days and improved pricing. Gross Yield increased 1.3%. Net Revenue
in 2016 increased 15.6% to $2.9 billion from $2.5 billion in 2015 due to an increase in Capacity Days of 11.8% and an increase
in Net Yield of 3.4%. The increase in Capacity Days was primarily due to the delivery of Norwegian Escape in October 2015, Sirena
joining our fleet in April 2016 and the delivery of Seven Seas Explorer in June 2016, slightly offset by the scheduled Dry-docks
in 2016. The increase in Net Yield was primarily due to improved pricing. Adjusted Net Revenue includes a deferred revenue fair
value adjustment of $31.5 million in 2015 related to the Acquisition of Prestige. On a Constant Currency basis, Net Yield and Adjusted
Net Yield increased 4.1% and 2.8%, respectively, in 2016 compared to 2015. We refer you to the  Results of Operations 
above for a reconciliation of Gross Yield to Adjusted Net Yield. 

Expense   

Gross Cruise Cost increased 10.4% in 2016 compared to 2015
due to an increase in total cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense. Total cruise operating
expense increased 7.9% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the increase in Capacity Days as discussed above and an increase
in Dry-dock expenses. Total other operating expense increased 13.2% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in marketing,
general and administrative expenses which included an increase in marketing expenses of $28.5 million and share-based compensation
of $20.5 million. The increase was also due to recognition of a $43.4 million contingent consideration adjustment related to the
Acquisition of Prestige which resulted in a reduction to expense in 2015 but not in 2016. Depreciation and amortization expense
was relatively unchanged as the increase due to the addition of Norwegian Escape and ship improvement projects in 2016 was offset
by the recognition in 2015 of an incremental $44.2 million of amortization of intangible assets due to the Acquisition of Prestige.
On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise Cost remained relatively unchanged on an actual and a Constant Currency basis, due to the
increases in expenses discussed above which were primarily offset by a decrease in fuel expense. The average fuel price decreased
14.9% to $468 per metric ton in 2016 from $550 per metric ton in 2015. Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day
increased 2.3% primarily due to the expenses discussed above (2.4% on a Constant Currency basis). We refer you to the  Results
of Operations  above for a reconciliation of Gross Cruise Cost to Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel. 

Interest expense, net increased to $188.8 million in 2016 from
$153.2 million in 2015 primarily due to an increase in average debt balances outstanding primarily associated with the delivery
of Norwegian Escape in October 2015 and Seven Seas Explorer in June 2016 as well as higher interest rates due to an increase in
LIBOR rates. The increase in interest expense, net also includes a write-off of $11.5 million of deferred financing fees related
to the refinancing of certain of our credit facilities. 

Table of Contents  

Other expense was $13.3 million in 2016 compared to $35.6 million
in 2015. In 2016, the expense was primarily related to unrealized and realized losses on fuel swap derivative hedge contracts and
losses on foreign exchange partially offset by gains on foreign exchange derivative hedge contracts. In 2015, the expense was primarily
related to the dedesignation of certain fuel swap derivative hedge contracts and the ineffectiveness of settled fuel swaps in 2015.
Also included in 2015 was the expense related to the fair value adjustment for a foreign exchange collar which did not receive
hedge accounting treatment. 

In 2016, we had an income tax expense of $3.1 million compared
to a benefit of $0.1 million in 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

General   

As of September 30, 2016, our liquidity was $902.8 million consisting
of $152.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and $750.0 million under our New Revolving Loan Facility. Our primary ongoing liquidity
requirements are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of
$2.0 billion. This deficit included $1.2 billion of advance ticket sales, which represents the revenue we collect in advance of
sailing dates, and accordingly, are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities.
Our business model, along with our New Revolving Loan Facility, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet
our operating, investing and financing needs. 

We evaluate potential sources of additional liquidity, including
the capital markets, in the ordinary course of business. We believe that prevailing market conditions, particularly in the debt
capital markets, are generally favorable. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to increase our liquidity in the near term,
taking into consideration our current and expected requirements, our assessment of prevailing market conditions and expectations
regarding future conditions, and the contractual and other restrictions to which we are subject. 

Sources and Uses of Cash   

In this section, references to  2016  refer
to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and references to  2015  refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion
in 2016 as compared to $982.0 million in 2015. The change in net cash provided by operating activities reflects net income
in 2016 of $569.1 million compared to a net income in 2015 of $398.1 million. The net cash provided by operating activities included
timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $950.2 million in
2016, primarily related to payments for the delivery of Seven Seas Explorer, ship improvements, ships under construction and shoreside
projects. Net cash used in investing activities was $330.5 million in 2015, primarily related to payments for ship improvements,
ships under construction and shoreside projects. 

Net cash used in financing activities was $104.4 million in
2016 primarily due to net repayments of our New Revolving Loan Facility, and other loan facilities as well as the issuance of a
dividend for the repurchase of NCLH s ordinary shares in 2016 and deferred financing fees and other in 2016. Net cash used
in financing activities was $517.4 million in 2015 primarily due to net repayments of our Revolving Loan Facility and other loan
facilities. 

Future Capital Commitments   

Future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments,
including ship construction contracts, and future expected capital expenditures necessary for operations as well as our ship refurbishment
projects. As of September 30, 2016, anticipated capital expenditures were $157.5 million for the remainder of 2016 and $1.3
billion for each of the years ending December 31, 2017 and 2018, of which we have export credit financing in place for the
expenditures related to ship construction contracts of $47.8 million for the remainder of 2016, $762.6 million
for 2017 and $732.9 million for 2018. These future expected capital expenditures will significantly increase our depreciation
and amortization expense. 

We have Norwegian Joy, Norwegian Bliss and one additional Breakaway
Plus Class Ship on order with Meyer Werft shipyard for delivery in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and the fall of 2019, respectively.
These ships will be amongst the largest in our fleet, reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons. The combined contract price of
these three ships is approximately  2.6 billion, or $2.9 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of
September 30, 2016. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of their contract prices. We have
an Explorer Class Ship on order with Fincantieri shipyard with an original contract price of approximately  422.0 million,
or approximately $474.1 million based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of September 30, 2016. We have export credit
financing in place that provides financing for 80% of the contract price. The Explorer Class Ship is expected to be delivered
in the winter of 2020. 

Table of Contents  

In connection with the contracts to build these ships, we do
not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. However, if any would occur, it could result in, among other
things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, subject to certain refund guarantees, and potential claims and
impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Capitalized interest for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $8.9 million and $24.9 million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $9.1
million and $24.2 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our Breakaway Plus Class Ships. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions  

None. 

Contractual Obligations   

As of September 30, 2016, our contractual obligations with initial
or remaining terms in excess of one year, including interest payments on long-term debt obligations, were as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  
      Includes premiums aggregating $0.6 million. Also includes capital leases. The amount excludes deferred financing fees which are included in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to long-term debt.   
 
      (2)  
      Primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment.   
 
      (3)  
      For our newbuild ships based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of September 30, 2016. Export credit financing is in place from syndicates of banks.   
 
      (4)  
      Primarily for our usage of certain port facilities.   
 
      (5)  
      Includes fixed and variable rates with LIBOR held constant as of September 30, 2016.   
 
      (6)  
      Future commitments for service and maintenance contracts and other Business Enhancement Capital Expenditures.   

The table above does not include $1.6 million of unrecognized
tax benefits. 

Other  

Certain service providers may require collateral in the normal
course of our business. The amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions. 

As a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions,
exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building
of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were
to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations,
or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities. 

Funding Sources  

Our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things,
require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, maintain certain other
ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. Substantially all of our ships and other property and equipment are pledged as
collateral for our debt. We believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

The impact of changes in world economies and especially the
global credit markets has created a challenging environment and may reduce future consumer demand for cruises and adversely affect
our counterparty credit risks. In the event this environment deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely impacted. 

We believe our cash on hand, expected future operating cash
inflows, additional available borrowings under our New Revolving Loan Facility and our ability to issue debt securities or raise
additional equity, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance
with covenants under our debt agreements over the next twelve-month period. There is no assurance that cash flows from operations
and additional financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations.    

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk  

General   

We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest
rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of our normal
operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. The financial impacts of these derivative instruments are
primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. We achieve this by closely matching the amount,
term and conditions of the derivatives with the underlying risk being hedged. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or
other speculative purposes. Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuations and sensitivity analyses. 

Interest Rate Risk    

As of September 30, 2016, we had interest rate swap agreements
to hedge our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. As of September 30, 2016, 56% of our debt
was fixed and 44% was variable, which includes the effects of the interest rate swaps. The notional amount of outstanding debt
associated with the interest rate swap agreements as of September 30, 2016 was $339.8 million. Based on our September 30, 2016
outstanding variable rate debt balance, a one percentage point increase in annual LIBOR interest rates would increase our annual
interest expense by approximately $28.9 million excluding the effects of capitalization of interest. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk    

As of September 30, 2016, we had foreign currency derivatives
to hedge the exposure to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated
in euros. These derivatives hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risk on a portion of the payments on our ship construction
contracts. The payments not hedged aggregate  506.4 million, or $568.9 million based on the euro/U.S.
dollar exchange rate as of September 30, 2016. We estimate that a 10% change in the euro as of September 30, 2016 would result
in a $56.9 million change in the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency denominated remaining payments. 

Fuel Price Risk    

Our exposure to market risk for changes in fuel prices relates
to the forecasted purchases of fuel on our ships. Fuel expense, as a percentage of our total cruise operating expense, was 11.0%
and 12.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 11.5% and 13.4% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We use fuel derivative agreements to mitigate the financial impact of fluctuations in fuel prices
and as of September 30, 2016, we had hedged approximately 90%, 79%, 57%, 48% and 5% of our remaining 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and
2020 projected metric tons of fuel purchases, respectively. We estimate that a 10% increase in our weighted-average fuel price
would increase our anticipated 2016 fuel expense by $6.5 million. This increase would be partially offset by an increase in the
fair value of our fuel swap agreements of $4.5 million. Fair value of our derivative contracts is derived using valuation models
that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take into account the contract terms such as maturity, as well
as other inputs such as fuel types, fuel curves, creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company, as well as other data points.    

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term
is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of September 30, 2016. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any
system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the
controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of
achieving their control objectives. Based upon our management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 to provide reasonable assurance
that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  

It should be noted that any system of controls, however well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met.
In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.
Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will
succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 

Table of Contents  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

In the normal course of our business, various claims and lawsuits
have been filed or are pending against us. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly, the maximum
amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. 

Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome of these claims and lawsuits
that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall exposure with respect to all
of our threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for all estimable probable losses
associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent losses beyond those accrued,
as discovery is not complete nor is adequate information available to estimate such range of loss or potential recovery. However,
based on our current knowledge, we do not believe that the aggregate amount or range of reasonably possible losses with respect
to these matters will be material to our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We intend to vigorously
defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary, seek recovery. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

We refer you to our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion
of the risk factors that affect our business and financial results. We wish to caution the reader that the risk factors discussed
in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, elsewhere in this report or other Securities and
Exchange Commission filings, could cause future results to differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statements. 

Other than the risk factors set forth below, there have been
no material changes to our risk factors disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The first risk factor below is an amended
and restated version of a risk factor included in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Conducting business internationally may result in increased
costs and risks.   

We operate our business internationally and plan to continue
to develop our international presence. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks
of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising,
vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. Additional risks include imposition
of trade barriers, restrictions on repatriation of earnings, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries
and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. If we are unable to address these risks
adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes
conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in
the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We have implemented safeguards and policies
to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments
and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards
and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct
prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. If our employees or agents violate our policies,
if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we
fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil
sanctions and penalties. 

We have operations in and source passengers from the United
Kingdom and other member countries of the European Union. On June 23, 2016, voters in the United Kingdom approved an advisory referendum
to withdraw from the European Union. The proposed withdrawal has resulted in increased volatility in the global financial markets
and caused severe volatility in global currency exchange rate fluctuations that resulted in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar
against foreign currencies, such as the euro, in which we do business. The proposed withdrawal could potentially adversely affect
tax, legal and regulatory regimes to which our business in the region is subject. The withdrawal could also, among other potential
outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the United Kingdom and the European Union. Further, uncertainty
around these issues could lead to adverse effects on the economy of the United Kingdom and the other economies in which we operate
making it more difficult to source passengers from these regions. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

An impairment of our tradenames or goodwill could adversely
affect our financial condition and operating results.   

We evaluate tradenames and goodwill for impairment on an annual
basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. Several
factors including a challenging operating environment, impacts affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general
macroeconomic conditions, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations.
Reductions of the cash flows used in the impairment analyses may result in the recording of an impairment charge to a reporting
unit s tradename or goodwill. We will continue to monitor these intangible assets for potential impairment and perform interim
testing of our tradenames or goodwill as necessary. 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits  

2.1  
      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 2, 2014, by and among Prestige Cruises International, Inc., Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))   

2.2  
      Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2014, by and among Prestige Cruises International, Inc., Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))   

10.1  
      Supplemental Agreement, dated July 26, 2016, to  590.5 million Breakaway Four Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Four, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent and lender (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2016 (File No. 001-35784)) +   

10.2  
      Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services, LLC and Robert J. Binder, entered into on September 16, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2016 (File No. 001-35784)) #   

10.3  
      Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Andrew Stuart, entered into on September 16, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2016 (File No. 001-35784)) #   

10.4  
      Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services, LLC and Jason Montague, entered into on September 16, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2016 (File No. 001-35784)) #   

31.1*  
      Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

31.2*  
      Certification of the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

32.1**  
      Certifications of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code   

101*  
      The following unaudited consolidated financial statements are from NCL Corporation Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL), as follows:   

*  
      Filed herewith.   
 
      **  
      Furnished herewith.   
 
      +  
      Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   
 
      #  
      Management contract or compensatory plan.   

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NCL CORPORATION LTD.   

(Registrant)   

By:  
      /s/  Frank J. Del Rio    

Name:  
      Frank J. Del Rio   

Title:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/  Wendy A. Beck    

Name:  
      Wendy A. Beck   

Title:  
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

Dated: November 9, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602588_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Frank J. Del Rio,
certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of NCL Corporation Ltd.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  

d.    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

a.    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b.    Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.  

/s/ Frank J. Del Rio   
 
      Dated: November 9, 2016  
      Name:  
      Frank J. Del Rio   

Title:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602588_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Wendy A. Beck, certify
that: 

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of NCL Corporation Ltd.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  

d.    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

a.    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b.    Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.  

/s/ Wendy A. Beck   
 
      Dated: November 9, 2016  
      Name:  
      Wendy A. Beck   

Title:  
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602588_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL  

  OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of Frank J. Del Rio, the President and Chief Executive Officer,
and Wendy A. Beck, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of NCL Corporation Ltd. (the  Company ),
does hereby certify, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the
Company, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ), fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Frank J. Del Rio   

Name:  
      Frank J. Del Rio   

Title:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer   

By:  
      /s/ Wendy A. Beck   

Name:  
      Wendy A. Beck   

Title:  
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nclc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nclc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nclc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nclc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nclc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nclc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

