<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1435224_0001575872-16-000465_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1317748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>42820</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>104071</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>229852</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>550538</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>361771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-16-000465.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121130306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-16-000465
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HPC Acquisitions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				680635204
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53248
		FILM NUMBER:		162009777

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10935 57TH AVE. NO.
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55442
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-541-1155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10935 57TH AVE. NO.
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55442

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-16-000465.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, DC 20549  

Form 10-Q  

(Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number:  0-53248  

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

636 U.S. Highway 1, Ste. 110, North Palm
Beach, FL 33408  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(800) 208-1680  

 (Issuer's telephone number) 

Not Applicable  

 (Former Name, Address and Fiscal Year if
Changed Since Last Report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): YES     NO  x  

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date:  November 16, 2016: 20,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001  

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.  

Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September
30, 2016 

Table of Contents 

Page   
 
        Part I - Financial Information    

Item 1 - Financial Statements   
      3   

Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations   
      12   

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      14   

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures   
      14   

Part II - Other Information    

Item 6 - Exhibits   
      15   

Signatures    
      16   

Part I - Financial Information  

    Item 1 - Financial Statements  

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.  

  Balance Sheets  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.  

  Statements of Operations  

  For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.  

  Statements of Cash Flows  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Note A - Organization and Description of Business  

HPC Acquisitions, Inc. (the  Company )
was initially formed under the laws of the State of Minnesota as Herky Packing Co. on July 17, 1968. The Company initially produced
and marketed meat snack foods, through food brokers, distributors and wagon jobbers. Despite a 1970 restructuring, including the
relocation to an approximate 12,500 square foot production facility, the Company s efforts were unsuccessful and all operations
were terminated by the end of 1970. On April 10, 1972, the Company changed its corporate name to H. P. C. Incorporated. In connection
with this name change, the Company acquired Ed Stein s Tire Center, Inc., a Minneapolis, Minnesota-based distributor of Gates
tires. This acquisition was unsuccessful and reversed in 1973. 

On August 7, 2006, the Company changed
its state of incorporation from Minnesota to Nevada by means of a merger with and into HPC Acquisitions, Inc., a Nevada corporation
formed on June 12, 2006 solely for the purpose of effecting the reincorporation. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Nevada corporation are the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the surviving corporation. Such Articles of Incorporation modified
the Company s capital structure to allow for the issuance of up to 50,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock and
up to 10,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. 

On March 8, 2016, the Company sold 12,011,000
shares of its common stock to David Selakovic at a total cash purchase price of $303,100. This transaction effected a change in
management and control of the Company. Mr. Selakovic assigned to the Company certain assets consisting of the exclusive right to
distribute in the Western Hemisphere natural agrochemicals developed by ECOWIN Co., Ltd., a Korean company, certain state permits
for the sale of ECOWIN agrochemicals, and the trademark  Vegalab  (the  DS Assets ). Our new plan of operation
is to commence the business of selling ECOWIN products under the brand name  Vegalab . 

The Company is currently in the business
of selling the ECOWIN products under the  Vegalab  name in the United States of America. The Company s current
sole source of supply of ECOWIN products is through Vegalab S. A., a Swiss company solely owned by David Selakovic, who is also
the Company s controlling shareholder, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer and a director. 

Note B - Preparation of Financial Statements  

The Company follows the accrual basis of
accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and has a fiscal year-end of December 31. 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Management further acknowledges that it
is solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting control
and preventing and detecting fraud. The Company s system of internal accounting control is designed to assure, among other
items, that 1) recorded transactions are valid; 2) valid transactions are recorded; and 3) transactions are recorded in the proper
period in a timely manner to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the Company for the respective periods being presented. 

For segment reporting purposes, the Company
operated in only one industry segment during the periods represented in the accompanying financial statements and makes all operating
decisions and allocates resources based on the best benefit to the Company as a whole. 

During interim periods, the Company follows
the accounting policies set forth in its annual audited financial statements filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission
on its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying
interim financial statements, prepared in accordance with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission s instructions for
Form 10-Q, should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s
annual report filed with the SEC on Form10-K for the year ended December 31, 206, and are unaudited and contain all material adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the Company for the respective interim periods presented. The current period results of operations are not necessarily
indicative of results which ultimately will be reported for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. 

Note C - Going Concern Uncertainty  

The Company s business plan is to
distribute, in the Western Hemisphere, certain natural agrochemicals developed by ECOWIN Co., Ltd., a Korean company, under the
brand name  Vegalab . However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully penetrate its targeted
market or that the implementation of said business plan will result in the appreciation of our stockholders  investment in
the then outstanding common stock. 

The Company's continued existence is dependent
upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support its daily operations as well as provide sufficient
resources to retire existing liabilities and obligations on a timely basis. The Company faces considerable risk in its business
plan. If insufficient operating capital is available during the next twelve months, the Company will be forced to rely on existing
cash in the bank and additional funds loaned by management and/or significant stockholders. 

The Company s former majority stockholder
previously provided the necessary working capital to maintain the corporate status of the Company. It is the current intent of
management and significant stockholders to provide sufficient working capital, if necessary, to support and preserve the integrity
of the corporate entity. However, no formal commitments or arrangements to advance or loan funds to the Company or repay any such
advances or loans exist. There is no legal obligation for either management or significant stockholders to provide additional future
funding. 

The Company anticipates offering future
sales of equity securities. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional funding through the
sales of additional equity securities or, that such funding, if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to or affordable
by the Company. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and 50,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company s
ability to issue preferred stock may limit the Company s ability to obtain debt or equity financing as well as impede potential
takeover of the Company, which takeover may be in the best interest of stockholders. The Company s ability to issue these
authorized but unissued securities may also negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of our debt
or equity securities. 

In such a restricted cash flow scenario,
the Company would be unable to complete its business plan steps, and would, instead, delay all cash intensive activities. Without
necessary cash flow, the Company may become dormant during the next twelve months, or until such time as necessary funds could
be raised in the equity securities market. 

While the Company is of the opinion that
good faith estimates of the Company s ability to secure additional capital in the future to reach its goals have been made,
there is no guarantee that the Company will receive sufficient funding to sustain operations or implement any future business plan
steps. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

Note D - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

1.     Cash and cash equivalents   

The Company considers all cash
on hand and in banks, certificates of deposit and other highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when
purchased, to be cash and cash equivalents. 

2.     Concentrations of credit
risk   

Sales to one customer comprised
89% of the Company s total revenues and 0% of accounts receivable for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company
believes that, in the event that its primary customer is unable or unwilling to continue to purchase the Company s goods,
there are a number of alternative customers at comparable prices.  

At the present time, our sole
source of supply is Vegalab S.A. At September 30, 2016, we held inventory at a cost of $2,331,898, and outstanding accounts payable
to Vegalab S.A., in the amount of $1,851,368. Our payment terms on the account payable are  payable upon sale to consumer . 

3.     Accounts receivable   

In the normal course of business,
the Company extends unsecured credit to virtually all of its customers which are located throughout the United States. Because
of the credit risk involved, management has provided an allowance for doubtful accounts which reflects its opinion of amounts which
will eventually become uncollectible. In the event of complete non-performance, the maximum exposure to the Company is the recorded
amount of trade accounts receivable shown on the balance sheet at the date of non-performance. 

4.     Inventory   

Inventory consists of finished
goods related to the sale of certain natural agrochemicals developed by ECOWIN Co., Ltd., a Korean company, under the brand name
 Vegalab . Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out method. A charge to income
is taken when factors that would result in a need for a reduction in the valuation, such as excess or obsolete inventory, are noted. 

5.     Revenue recognition   

Revenue is recognized when the
earnings process is completed, the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer, which is generally the same
day as delivery or shipment of the product, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured.
All sales are recorded when the goods are shipped.  

The Company ships all product
on an FOB-Plant,  as-is  basis. Accordingly, revenue is recognized by the Company at the point at which an order is
shipped at a fixed price, collection is reasonably assured and the Company has no remaining performance obligations related to
the sale. The Company sells all products with  no right of return  by the purchaser for any factor other than defects
in the products. 

5.     Income taxes   

The Company files income tax
returns in the United States of America and may file, as applicable and appropriate, various state(s). With few exceptions, the
Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, as applicable, income tax examinations by regulatory taxing authorities
for years ending before December 31, 2013. The Company does not anticipate any examinations of returns filed since January
1, 2014. 

The Company uses the asset and
liability method of accounting for income taxes. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the deferred tax asset
and deferred tax liability accounts, as recorded when material to the financial statements, are entirely the result of temporary
differences. Temporary differences generally represent differences in the recognition of assets and liabilities for tax and financial
reporting purposes, primarily accumulated depreciation and amortization, allowance for doubtful accounts and vacation accruals. 

The Company has adopted the
provisions required by the Income Taxes topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The Codification Topic requires the
recognition of potential liabilities as a result of management s acceptance of potentially uncertain positions for income
tax treatment on a  more-likely-than-not  probability of an assessment upon examination by a respective taxing authority.
As a result of the implementation of Codification s Income Tax Topic, the Company did not incur any liability for unrecognized
tax benefits. 

6.     Income (Loss) per share   

Basic earnings (loss) per share
is computed by dividing the net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the respective period presented in our accompanying financial statements. 

Fully diluted earnings (loss)
per share is computed similar to basic income (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of
common stock equivalents (primarily outstanding options and warrants). 

Common stock equivalents represent
the dilutive effect of the assumed exercise of the outstanding stock options and warrants, using the treasury stock method, at
either the beginning of the respective period presented or the date of issuance, whichever is later, and only if the common stock
equivalents are considered dilutive based upon the Company s net income (loss) position at the calculation date. 

As of September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company had no outstanding stock warrants, options or convertible securities which could be considered as dilutive for
purposes of the loss per share calculation. 

7.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ),
which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize
revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an
entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle
and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing
GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either
of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior
reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients; or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect
of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements and has not
yet determined the method by which the Company will adopt the standard in 2017. 

The Company does not expect
the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations,
financial position or cash flows. 

Note E - Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The carrying amount of cash, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and notes payable, as applicable, approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these items and/or the
current interest rates payable in relation to current market conditions. 

Interest rate risk is the risk that the
Company s earnings are subject to fluctuations in interest rates on either investments or on debt and is fully dependent
upon the volatility of these rates. The Company does not use derivative instruments to moderate its exposure to interest rate risk,
if any. 

Financial risk is the risk that the Company s
earnings are subject to fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and are fully dependent upon the volatility of
these rates. The Company does not use derivative instruments to moderate its exposure to financial risk, if any. 

Note F - Related Party Transactions  

The Company s current sole source
of supply of ECOWIN products is through Vegalab S. A., a Swiss company solely owned by David Selakovic, who is also the Company s
controlling shareholder. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $2,431,936 for product purchases
at market rates for resale from Vegalab S. A. and payable upon sale to consumer. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 the Company had outstanding accounts payable   related party of $1,851,368 and $0, respectively. 

Note G - Notes Payable to Investors  

During 2014, the Company borrowed an aggregate
$122,300 on eight (8) separate promissory notes payable to six (6) separate unrelated third parties. These notes bear interest
at either 5.0% or 6.0% per annum and were due on the earlier of October 1, 2015 or upon closing by the Company of a financing in
the amount of $1,000,000 or more. These notes were paid in full by March 31, 2016. 

Note H - Note Payable to Controlling Stockholder  

The Company and its former controlling
stockholder, Craig Laughlin, agreed, in previous periods, that additional funds would be necessary to support the corporate entity
and comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. To this end, Mr. Laughlin
agreed to lend the Company up to $50,000 with an original maturity period not to exceed three (3) years from the initial funding
date at an interest rate of 6.0% per annum. The maturity date was subsequently extended to September 2010 and, post-maturity, became
due upon demand. During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company paid this note and all accrued interest in full. 

On August 24, 2016 the Company s
new controlling stockholder, David Selakovic, agreed to lend the Company up to $300,000 at a rate of 4% per annum, with principal
due on sixty days demand. As of September 30, 2016, Mr. Selakovic had loaned the Company a total $175,000. The Company accrued
interest expense related to this loan of $710 as of September 30, 2016. No repayments on this note payable were made as of September
30, 2016. 

Note I - Common Stock Transactions  

On March 8, 2016, the Company completed
the sale of 12,011,000 shares of its common stock to David Selakovic for approximately $303,100 in cash. The Company received $100,000
in the fourth quarter of 2015 under a stock subscription and the remaining balance during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

In May 2016, the Company completed a private
offering of 1,000,000 shares of common stock for $500,000 in cash. 

Note J   Commitment and Contingencies  

On July 20, 2016, the Company entered into
a lease agreement for warehouses located at 2542 Business Parkway Suite 1 and 2, Minden, Nevada. The facility is 24,276 square
feet with a lease term of 36 months at a current cost of approximately $13,959 per month. The Company was also required to make
a security deposit of $14,500 included in other assets on the balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. 

Note K- Subsequent Events  

Management has evaluated all other activity
of the Company through the release date of these financial statements and have concluded that no other subsequent events have occurred
that would require recognition in the accompanying financial statements or disclosure in the notes to financial statements. 

(Remainder of this page left blank intentionally) 

Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information  

The following discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited December 31, 2015 Consolidated Financial
Statements and notes thereto, along with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

This document contains statements that
are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
All statements, other than statements of historical fact, which address activities, actions, goals, prospects, or new developments
that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future, including such things as expansion and growth of our operations and
other such matters are forward-looking statements. Any one or a combination of factors could materially affect our operations and
financial condition. These factors include competitive pressures, success or failure of marketing programs, changes in pricing
and availability of products offered to customers, legal and regulatory initiatives affecting our products, and conditions in the
capital markets. Forward-looking statements made by us are based on knowledge of our business and the environment in which we operate
as of the date of this report. Because of the factors discussed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and factors disclosed in
subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, actual results may differ from those in the forward-looking
statements. 

Plan of Operation  

In March 2016, HPC acquired distribution
rights to natural agrochemicals developed by ECOWIN, state permits related to those products, a trademark, and cash to commence
the business of selling Vegalab products, as described under  Item 1. Business,  of its Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. HPC had no customers and no employees at the time of the asset purchase, so this endeavor
represents the start of a new venture with the assets acquired. 

We believe the most effective way to establish
a foothold in the agriculture industry for our products is to pursue acceptance by one or more of the major United States agricultural
businesses. This approach is based, in part, on the resources these businesses have available to test, or try-out, new product
offerings and the resulting  cachet  that can attach to products once they have been accepted by these businesses. 

To that end our executive officers will
pursue discussions with large distributors of fertilizers and pesticides, and large farming operations to invite them to perform
field tests with sample product. Preliminary discussions and information provided on the Vegalab technology have been well-received,
so HPC expects to focus its efforts initially on pursuing testing programs with the major distributors and producers to advance
the opportunity for acceptance and then purchase of the products. The last nine months of 2016 will be a period of high activity
for testing and promoting the products with the major distributors and producers. The large distributors and farming operations
is not a large group and we are focused on approximately 15 of these businesses. This targeted approach will enable us to limit
the cost of promoting our products during this initial phase of the marketing effort, so we believe we have the financial resources
to do so without additional capital. 

To the extent we are successful in converting
a major distributor or farming operation to a customer, we will need to be able to obtain and deliver product, which means we will
need to finance inventory. We purchased inventory in April 2016, which has been used for testing by prospective customers and sales
of  starter  purchases to try the products out in a typical crop setting. Additional purchases were made in the following
months. All inventory is purchased from Vegalab S.A., a related party that is owned and controlled by David Selakovic, an officer,
director, and principal shareholder of the Company. There is no firm commitment or purchase agreement with Vegalab S.A. At September
30, 2016, we held inventory at a cost of $2,331,898, and outstanding accounts payable to Vegalab S.A., in the amount of $1,851,368.
Future inventory purchases will depend on how successful we are with our marketing efforts and our ability to finance such purchases. 

During the fourth quarter of calendar year
2016, we expect to establish an e-commerce presence. One of the items we acquired is the US trademark  Vegalab . 
Our marketing efforts will incorporate this brand name. Our intention is to establish a website around this trademark and build
a brand by promoting the efficacy and environmental safety of the Vegalab products. Assuming we have some success with our targeted
initial marketing strategy described above, we intend to use that to attract other potential users to the products we offer through
our website and by employing sales representatives with experience in agriculture to promote our products to other distributors
and large scale users. 

If we are successful in gaining acceptance
and orders for our product, we expect we will develop two sales channels. The first is establishing sub-distributors made up of
well-established distributors of fertilizers and pesticides. Second is direct sales to farm operations through farm coops and retailers.
As this is a new venture we cannot predict whether or to what extent we will be successful in establishing and managing these sales
channels. Once we become more established, we will actively pursue other marketing and promotional activities, such as participation
in trade shows and developing plans for expanding marketing outside the Unites States. 

To summarize, by the end of the first calendar
quarter of 2017, we hope to have: 

Several major agrichemical product distributors or
farming operation established as customers; 

A well-developed Internet presence and brand for our
products; 

Sales representatives promoting our products; and 

Growing revenue from sales of our products. 

Our plan of operation notwithstanding,
our business is a new venture with all of the risks and uncertainties associated with such ventures. We do not have an established
customer base or a history of sales from which you can evaluate or predict out ability to gain customers and grow the business.
We have a limited amount of capital for inventory purchases, but the establishment of customers for our products will require capital
for inventory that we have not yet obtained, or purchases of inventory under credit arrangements we have not arranged. We do not
have established market acceptance of our products, so we are a new entrant in a well-established market for agrochemicals in which
our competitors have well-known products and much more substantial financial, managerial, and promotional resources than we do.
As product sales increase, we will need to employ people to support that growth, and there is no assurance that we will be able
to attract and engage employees with the skills needed to facilitate the development of our business. 

Results
of Operations  

Since the Company was not engaged in active
business operations in 2015, a comparison of results of operations between comparable accounting periods for 2016 and 2015 in the
discussion below is not meaningful. 

During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, the Company recognized revenues of $154,574 from the sale of Vegalab products, and recognized revenues of $1,587,649 for
the nine-month period then ended. Cost of goods sold were $104,355 and $1,156,534 for the three and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016, respectively. 

Total operating expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, were $257,108, and were $86,589 for the three months then ended. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, income from operations was $174,007. For the three-month period then ended, the Company recognized a loss from operations
in the amount of $36,370. 

After the provision for income taxes, net
income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, was $107,296, or $0.01 per share on a fully diluted basis. The net loss
for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, was $37,080. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had a working capital surplus (deficit) of approximately $630,450 and $(165,000), respectively. 

At the present time, our sole source of
supply is Vegalab S.A. At September 30, 2016, we held inventory at a cost of $2,331,898, and outstanding accounts payable to Vegalab
S.A., in the amount of $1,851,368. Our payment terms on the account payable are  payable upon sale to consumer . 

On March 8, 2016, we raised $303,100, from
the sale of 12,011,000 shares of common stock to David D. Selakovic. These funds were applied to pay off substantially all of our
liabilities at December 31, 2015, and costs related to the acquisition of assets in March 2016. In May 2016, the Company completed
a private placement of 1,000,000 shares of common stock for $500,000 in cash, which we intend to use in operations and for general
corporate purposes. 

We believe our current funding is sufficient
to meet our needs described above over the next 9 to 12 months. Nevertheless, our goal is to begin and then increase product sales
as quickly as we can within the constraints of our managerial and financial resources. If sales opportunities exceed our expectations,
we will need additional debt or equity financing to seize these opportunities and there is no assurance financing will be available
or available at terms we would find acceptable. If we are unable to raise additional capital at a level adequate to support our
sales opportunities, we would need to curtail marketing efforts, which would adversely affect growth and results of operations
and could prevent us from succeeding in implementing our new operating business. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

A summary of our significant accounting
policies and estimates is discussed in  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in Note D to the unaudited financial
statements included with this report. Our financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application
of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions,
judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenue and expense
amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information
regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere
to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. 

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

Not required of a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures  

Our management, under the supervision and
with the participation of our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15 promulgated under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report
on Form 10-Q. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we
are required to disclose in such reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded that as of
such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by
us in our reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC due to a weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting described in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, which have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Part II - Other Information  

Item 6 - Exhibits  

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HPC Acquisitions, Inc.    

Dated:  November 21, 2016   
      /s/ David D. Selakovic   

David D. Selakovic   

Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit No. 31.1   

 HPC Acquisitions, Inc. 

 File No. 0-53248 

 Form 10-Q 

Certification  

I, David D. Selakovic, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of HPC Acquisitions, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 21, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/ David D. Selakovic   

David D. Selakovic   

Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit No. 32.1   

 HPC Acquisitions, Inc. 

 File No. 0-53248 

 Form 10-Q 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as Adopted  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of HPC Acquisitions,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David D. Selakovic, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  November 21, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/ David D. Selakovic  

David D. Selakovic  

Chief Executive Officer and  

Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to HPC Acquisitions, Inc. and will be retained by HPC Acquisitions, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certificate is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 hpcq-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hpcq-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 hpcq-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hpcq-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hpcq-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hpcq-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

