<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161128_10-K_edgar_data_67625_0001493152-16-015498_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18522917</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422974</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>860266</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5385042</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7769132</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3460823</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>262</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015498.hdr.sgml : 20161128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161128162642
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015498
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161128

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000067625
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				221897375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33177
		FILM NUMBER:		162020225

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3499 ROUTE 9 N, SUITE 3-D
		STREET 2:		JUNIPER BUSINESS PLAZA
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7325779996

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3499 ROUTE 9 N, SUITE 3-D
		STREET 2:		JUNIPER BUSINESS PLAZA
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015498.txt : 20161128

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
DC 20549   

FORM
10-K   

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2016   

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the transition period ___________________ to ____________________  

Commission
File Number:  001-33177   

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Maryland   
         
       22-1897375    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

3499
Route 9 North, Suite 3-D, Freehold, NJ 07728    

  (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code :  (732)-577-9996    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

   Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share   New York Stock Exchange   

7.875%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share, $25 liquidation value per share   New York Stock
Exchange   

   6.125%
Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share, $25 liquidation value per share   New York Stock
Exchange   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   

  [X]
 Yes [  ] No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [X]  
      Accelerated
    filer   
      [  ]  

Non-accelerated
    filer   
      [  ]  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [   ]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). [  ] Yes [X] No  

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant at
March 31, 2016 was approximately $715,934,000 (based on the $11.89 closing price per share of common stock on March 31, 2016).  

There
were 69,902,492 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of November 15, 2016.  

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

Item
                                         No.   
         
       Page
                                         No.    

Part
    I    

1  
       Business.   
      3   
 
      1A  
       Risk
    Factors.   
      8   
 
      1B  
       Unresolved
    Staff Comments.   
      16   
 
      2  
       Properties.   
      17   
 
      3  
       Legal
    Proceedings.   
      25   
 
      4  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures.   
      25   

Part
    II    

5  
       Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   
          
          26    
 
      6  
       Selected
    Financial Data.   
      29   
 
      7  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      31   
 
      7A  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      57   
 
      8  
       Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.   
      59   
 
      9  
       Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
      60   
 
      9A  
       Controls
    and Procedures   .  
      60   
 
      9B  
       Other
    Information.   
      61   

Part
    III    

10  
       Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
      62   
 
      11  
       Executive
    Compensation.   
      66   
 
      12  
       Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   
      83   
 
      13  
       Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
      85   
 
      14  
       Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.   
      86   

Part
    IV    

15  
       Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules.   
      88   

Signatures   
      148   

Table of Contents    

PART
I   

ITEM
1   BUSINESS   

General
Development of the Business   

In
this 10-K,  we ,  us ,  our ,  MREIC  or  the Company , refers to
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, together with its predecessors and subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise.  

The
Company is a corporation operating as a qualified real estate investment trust (REIT) under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). The Company has been a REIT since 1969 and intends to maintain its qualification as a REIT
in the future. As a qualified REIT, with limited exceptions, the Company will not be taxed under Federal and certain state income
tax laws at the corporate level on taxable income that it distributes to its shareholders. For special tax provisions applicable
to REITs, refer to Sections 856-860 of the Code.  

The
Company was established in 1968 as a New Jersey Business Trust (NJBT). In 1990, the NJBT merged into a newly formed Delaware corporation.
On May 15, 2003, the Company changed its state of incorporation from Delaware to Maryland by merging with and into a Maryland
corporation (the Reincorporation).  

Narrative
Description of Business   

The
Company s primary business is the ownership of real estate. Its investment focus is to own well-located, modern, single
tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. In addition,
the Company owns a portfolio of REIT investment securities which the Company generally limits to no more than approximately 10%
of its undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation).  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company held investments in ninety-nine properties totaling approximately 16,010,000 square feet with
an occupancy rate of 99.6% (See Item 2 for a detailed description of the properties). These properties are located in thirty states:
Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina,
Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. All of these properties are wholly-owned with the exception of the two properties
in New Jersey in which the Company owns a majority interest. All properties in which the Company has investments are leased on
a net basis except an industrial park in Monaca (Pittsburgh), Pennsylvania and the shopping center located in Somerset, New Jersey.  

During
fiscal 2016, the Company purchased eight industrial properties totaling approximately 1,830,000 square feet with net-leased terms
ranging from ten to fifteen years resulting in a weighted average lease maturity of 12.3 years. Approximately 1,567,000 square
feet, or 86%, is leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc., a subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (FDX). The purchase price for
the eight properties was approximately $210,747,000 and they are located in Colorado, Florida, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, North
Carolina, Pennsylvania and Washington. These eight properties generate annualized rental income over the life of their leases
of approximately $14,076,000. The funds for these eight acquisitions were provided by eight property level mortgage loans totaling
$141,586,000, draws on an unsecured line of credit facility and cash on hand. The eight mortgages have a weighted average interest
rate of 3.85% and a weighted average maturity of 14.9 years.  

Subsequent
to the fiscal yearend, on October 17, 2016, the Company purchased a newly constructed 338,584 square foot industrial building
located in Hamburg, NY, which is in the Buffalo Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx
Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through March 2031. The purchase price was $35,100,000. The Company obtained a 15
year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $23,500,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.03%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining
term of the lease averages approximately $2,308,000.  

Table of Contents    

In
addition, subsequent to the fiscal yearend, on October 1, 2016, a 50,741 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground
Package System, Inc. located in Edinburg, TX was substantially completed for a cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in
a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from September 2021 through September 2026. In addition, the
expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $499,000 from approximately
$598,000, or $5.27 per square foot, to approximately $1,097,000, or $6.68 per square foot.  

On
October 27, 2016, the Company sold its only vacant building, (which increased our occupancy rate from 99.6% to 100.0%), consisting
of a 59,425 square foot industrial building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN for approximately $4,272,000,
which is the Company s approximate U.S. GAAP net book carrying value.  

The
industrial properties purchased, expanded and sold during fiscal 2017 to date increased our current total leasable square feet
to approximately 16,340,000 and increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%.  

In
addition to the property purchased subsequent to the fiscal yearend, we have entered into agreements to purchase eight new build-to-suit,
industrial buildings that are currently being developed in Florida, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio and South Carolina totaling
approximately 2,099,000 square feet, each with net-leased terms ranging between ten to fifteen years with a weighted average lease
maturity of 13.3 years. Approximately 1,267,000 square feet, or 60%, is leased to FDX and its subsidiaries. The purchase price
for the eight properties is approximately $212,373,000. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing conditions
and requirements, we anticipate closing these eight transactions during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. In connection with five of
the eight properties, the Company has entered into commitments to obtain five mortgages totaling $101,204,000 at fixed rates ranging
from 3.60% to 4.20%, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%. Each of these mortgages will be a fifteen year, fully-amortizing
loan. The Company may make additional acquisitions in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018, and the funds for these acquisitions may come
from mortgages, draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, cash on hand, sale of marketable securities, other bank borrowings,
proceeds from the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), private placements and public offerings of additional
common or preferred stock or other securities. To the extent that funds or appropriate properties are not available, fewer acquisitions
will be made.  

Currently,
the Company derives its income primarily from real estate rental operations. Rental and Reimbursement Revenue (excluding Lease
Termination Income in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 of $-0-, $238,625 and $1,182,890, respectively) was $94,916,110, $77,775,497
and $64,672,341 for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Total assets were $1,229,758,028 and $915,991,942
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately 16,010,000 square feet of property, of which approximately 7,584,000 square
feet, or 47%, consisting of fifty-three separate stand-alone leases, were leased to FDX and its subsidiaries, (6% to FDX and 41%
to FDX subsidiaries). These properties are located in twenty-four different states. As of September 30, 2016, the only tenants
that leased 5% or more of the Company s total square footage were FDX and its subsidiaries and Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation,
which leased approximately 862,000 square feet, comprising approximately 5% of the Company s rental space.  

During
fiscal 2016, the only tenant that accounted for 5% or more of the Company s rental and reimbursement revenue was FDX (including
its subsidiaries). The Company s rental and reimbursement revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, totaled approximately $52,793,000, $41,954,000 and $35,007,000, or 56% (7% from
FDX and 49% from FDX subsidiaries), 54% (8% from FDX and 46% from FDX subsidiaries) and 54% (10% from FDX and 44% from FDX subsidiaries),
of total rent and reimbursement revenues.  

In
addition to real estate property holdings, the Company held $73,604,894 in marketable REIT securities at September 30, 2016, representing
5.3% of the Company s undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation).
These liquid real estate holdings are not included in calculating the tenant concentration ratios above and therefore further
enhance the Company s diversification. As a result, the securities portfolio provides the Company with additional liquidity,
diversification, income and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available.  

Table of Contents    

The
Company s weighted-average lease expiration was 7.4 and 7.2 years as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and its
average annualized rent per occupied square foot as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.72 and $5.48, respectively. The Company s
occupancy rate as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 99.6% and 97.7%, respectively. Subsequent to fiscal yearend, on October 27,
2016, the Company sold its only vacant building for $4,272,000 which increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%.  

The
Company competes with other investors in real estate for attractive investment opportunities. These investors include other equity
real estate investment trusts, limited partnerships, syndications and private investors, among others. Competition in the market
areas in which the Company operates is significant and affects the Company s ability to acquire or expand properties, occupancy
levels, rental rates, and operating expenses of certain properties. Management has built relationships with merchant builders
which have historically provided the Company with investment opportunities that fit the Company s investment policy. The
amount of new construction of industrial properties on the national level has been increasing the past four years following several
years of historically low levels of new supply. These levels of new supply, although increasing, continue to be below historical
norms. Driven to a large extent by the rampant growth in ecommerce sales, demand for industrial space remains very strong, driving
national occupancy rates to an all-time high of 95% currently. For further discussion of potential impact of competitive conditions
on our business, see Item 1A: Risk Factors below.  

The
Company continues to invest in marketable securities of other REITs, which the Company generally limits to no more than approximately
10% of its undepreciated assets, (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). The Company from
time to time may purchase these securities on margin when the dividend and interest yields exceed the cost of the funds. As of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no draws against the margin. The REIT securities portfolio, to the extent not pledged
to secure borrowings, provides the Company with additional liquidity and additional income. Such securities are subject to risks
arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, primarily interest rate risk relating to debt securities and market price
risk relating to equity securities. From time to time, the Company may use derivative instruments to mitigate interest rate risk,
however, this has not occurred during any periods presented. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $73,604,894 and $54,541,237,
respectively, of securities available for sale. The unrealized net gain (loss) on securities available for sale at September 30,
2016 and 2015 was $12,942,267 and $(5,441,603), respectively, resulting in an increase for the fiscal year of $18,383,870. For
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company s net realized gains from the sale of securities were
$4,398,599, $805,513 and $2,166,766, respectively.  

On
September 13, 2016, the Company issued 5,400,000 shares of a 6.125% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series C Preferred
Stock) at an offering price of $25.00 per share in an underwritten public offering. The Company received net proceeds from the
offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering expenses, of approximately $130,543,000. On September
15, 2016, the Company used $45,000,000 of such net proceeds from the offering to reduce the amounts outstanding under its unsecured
line of credit facility (the  Facility ) and on October 14, 2016, the Company used $53,493,750 of such net proceeds
from the offering to redeem all of the 2,139,750 issued and outstanding shares of its 7.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock (7.625% Series A Preferred Stock). In addition, on October 14, 2016, the Company used $498,540 of such net proceeds from
the offering to pay all dividends, accrued and unpaid, to and including the redemption date of the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock.
The Company intends to use the remaining proceeds to reduce the amounts outstanding under its Facility and to purchase properties
and fund expansions of its existing properties in the ordinary course of business and for general corporate purposes.  

On
September 14, 2016, the Company announced that it intended to redeem all 2,139,750 issued and outstanding shares of its 7.625%
Series A Preferred Stock. As discussed above, the Company redeemed the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock on October 14, 2016 at
a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus all dividends accrued and unpaid to and including the redemption date, in an amount
equal to $0.23299 per share. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock has been reclassified out
of stockholder s equity and is reflected as a liability at redemption value and has recognized a deemed dividend of $2,942,149
on the Company s consolidated statement of income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which represents the difference
between redemption value and carrying value net of original deferred issuance costs.  

Table of Contents    

Investment
and Other Policies   

The
Company s investment policy is to concentrate its investments in well-located, modern, single tenant, industrial buildings,
leased primarily to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. The Company s strategy is to
obtain a favorable yield spread between the income from the net-leased industrial properties and interest costs. In addition,
management believes that investments in well-located, modern industrial properties provide a potential for long-term capital appreciation.
There is the risk that, upon expiration of leases, the properties will become vacant or will be re-leased at lower rents. The
results obtained by the Company by re-leasing the properties will depend on the market for industrial properties at that time.
The Company has renewed all three leases, or 100% of the gross leasable area that was scheduled to expire during fiscal 2016 at
an increase in the weighted average lease rate of 5.3% on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and a decrease in the weighted average
lease rate of 2.2% on a cash basis.  

The
Company seeks to invest in well-located, modern, single tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily to investment-grade tenants
or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. In management s opinion, the newly built facilities meet these criteria.
The Company has a concentration of properties leased to FDX and FDX subsidiaries. This is a risk factor that shareholders should
consider. FDX is a publicly-owned corporation and financial information related to FDX is available at the SEC s website,
 www.sec.gov . The reference in this report to the SEC s website is not intended to and does not include or incorporate
by reference into this report the information on this website.  

The
Company may issue securities for property; however, this has not occurred to date. The Company may repurchase or reacquire its
shares from time to time if, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, such acquisition is advantageous to the Company. No shares
were repurchased or reacquired during fiscal 2016 and, as of September 30, 2016, the Company does not own any of its own shares.  

Property
Management   

Currently,
all ninety-nine properties owned by the Company, with the exception of two properties that are located in Streetsboro, Ohio and
Carlstadt, New Jersey, are self-managed by the Company.  

The
Company paid fees directly to local property management subagents in the amount of $356,316, $306,487 and $264,811 for fiscal
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

Until
October 31, 2014, the Company s two industrial properties in Olive Branch, Mississippi, were managed by Industrial Developments
International (IDI). Management fees paid to IDI for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $-0-, $8,274
and $49,476, respectively. These management fees were reimbursed to the Company by the tenants. Effective November 1, 2014, the
Company began to self-manage these properties.  

The
Company s industrial property in Streetsboro, Ohio is managed by GEIS Companies (GEIS). Management fees paid to GEIS for
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $50,082, $50,112 and $50,138, respectively. These management fees
were reimbursed to the Company by the tenants.  

The
Company s industrial property in Carlstadt, New Jersey is owned by Palmer Terrace Realty Associates, LLC. The Company owns
51% of Palmer Terrace Realty Associates, LLC. This property is managed by Marcus Associates, an entity affiliated with the owner
of the 49% non-controlling interest. Management fees paid by Palmer Terrace Realty Associates, LLC to Marcus Associates were $15,804
for each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.  

Table of Contents    

Environmental
Matters   

Under
various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, an owner of real property may
be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under such property as
well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances. These liabilities may include government fines
and penalties and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether
the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or disposal of such substances. Although generally our tenants are primarily
responsible for any environmental damages and claims related to the leased premises, in the event of the bankruptcy or inability
of a tenant of such premises to satisfy any obligations with respect to such environmental liability, the Company may be required
to satisfy such obligations. In addition, as the owner of such properties, the Company may be held directly liable for any such
damages or claims irrespective of the provisions of any lease.  

From
time to time, in connection with managing the properties or upon acquisition of a property, the Company authorizes the preparation
of Phase I and, when necessary, Phase II environmental reports with respect to its properties. Based upon such environmental reports
and the Company s ongoing review of its properties, as of the date of this Annual Report, the Company is not aware of any
environmental condition with respect to any of its properties which it believes would be reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition and/or results of operations. There can be no assurance, however, that (1) the discovery
of environmental conditions, the existence or severity of which were previously unknown; (2) changes in law; (3) the conduct of
tenants; or (4) activities relating to properties in the vicinity of our properties, will not expose the Company to material liability
in the future.  

Contact
Information   

Additional
information about the Company can be found on the Company s website which is located at www.mreic.reit. Information contained
on or hyperlinked from our Web site is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Company makes available, free of charge,
on or through its website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.  You
can also read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at its Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.   

Segment
Reporting   Financial Information   

The
Company s primary business is the ownership and management of real estate properties. The Company invests in well-located,
modern, single tenant, industrial buildings leased primarily to investment grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net
leases. The Company reviews operating and financial information for each property on an individual basis and, therefore, each
property represents an individual operating segment. The Company evaluates financial performance using Net Operating Income ( NOI )
from property operations. NOI is defined as recurring Rental and Reimbursement Revenue, less Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses,
such as insurance, utilities and repairs and maintenance. The Company has aggregated the properties into one reportable segment
as the properties share similar long-term economic characteristics and have other similarities, including the fact that they are
operated as industrial properties subject to long-term net leases primarily to investment grade tenants or their subsidiaries.
 For required financial information related to our operations and assets, please refer to our
consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, included in Item 8  Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data  in this Annual Report.   

Table of Contents    

ITEM
1A   RISK FACTORS   

The
following risk factors address the material risks concerning our business. If any of the risks discussed in this report were to
occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operation and our ability to service our debt and make distributions
to our shareholders could be materially and adversely affected and the market price per share of our stock could decline significantly.
Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please
refer to the section entitled  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.    

Real
Estate Industry Risks   

Our
business and financial results are affected by local real estate conditions in areas where we own properties.   We may be
affected adversely by general economic conditions and local real estate conditions. For example, an oversupply of industrial properties
in a local area or a decline in the attractiveness of our properties to tenants and potential tenants could have a negative effect
on us.  

Other
factors that may affect general economic conditions or local real estate conditions include but are not limited to:  

population
    and demographic trends;   

employment
    and personal income trends;   

zoning,
    use and other regulatory restrictions;   

income
    tax laws;   

changes
    in interest rates and availability and costs of financing; and   

competition
    from other available real estate.    

We
may be unable to compete with our larger competitors and other alternatives available to tenants or potential tenants of our properties  .
The real estate business is highly competitive. We compete for properties with other real estate investors and purchasers, including
other real estate investment trusts, limited partnerships, syndications and private investors, some of whom may have greater financial
resources, revenues and geographical diversity than we have. Furthermore, we compete for tenants with other property owners. All
of our industrial properties are subject to significant local competition. We also compete with a wide variety of institutions
and other investors for capital funds necessary to support our investment activities and asset growth. To the extent that we are
unable to effectively compete in the marketplace, our business may be adversely affected.  

We
are subject to significant regulation that inhibits our activities and may increase our costs .  Local zoning and use laws,
environmental statutes and other governmental requirements may restrict expansion, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities.
These regulations may prevent us from taking advantage of economic opportunities. Legislation such as the Americans with Disabilities
Act may require us to modify our properties at a substantial cost and noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or
an award of damages to private litigants. Future legislation may impose additional requirements. We may incur additional costs
to comply with any future requirements.  

Our
investments are concentrated in the industrial distribution sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic
downturn in that sector .  Our investments in real estate assets are primarily concentrated in the industrial distribution
sector. This concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business
activities included a more significant portion of other sectors of the real estate industry.  

Table of Contents    

Risks
Associated with Our Properties   

We
may be unable to renew or extend leases or re-let space as leases expire .  While we seek to invest in well-located, modern,
single tenant, industrial buildings, leased to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases, a number
of our properties are subject to short-term leases. When a lease expires, a tenant may elect not to renew or extend it. We may
not be able to re-let the property on similar terms, if we are able to re-let the property at all. The terms of renewal, extension
or re-lease (including the cost of required renovations and/or concessions to tenants) may be less favorable to us than the prior
lease. If we are unable to re-let all or a substantial portion of our properties, or if the rental rates upon such re-letting
are significantly lower than expected rates, our cash generated before debt repayments and capital expenditures and our ability
to make expected distributions, may be adversely affected. We have established an annual budget for renovation and re-letting
expenses that we believe is reasonable in light of each property s operating history and local market characteristics. However,
this budget may not be sufficient to cover these expenses.  

Our
business is substantially dependent on FedEx Corporation .  FDX, together with its subsidiaries, is our largest tenant,
consisting of fifty-three separate stand-alone leases located in twenty-four different states as of September 30, 2016. As of
September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately 16,010,000 square feet of property, of which approximately 7,584,000 square
feet, or 47%, were leased to FDX and its subsidiaries, (6% from FDX and 41% from FDX subsidiaries). Rental and reimbursement revenue
from FDX and its subsidiaries is approximately 56% (7% from FDX and 49% from FDX subsidiaries) of total rental and reimbursement
revenue for fiscal 2016. No other tenant accounted for 5% or more of the Company s total Rental and Reimbursement revenue
for fiscal 2016. As a result of this concentration, our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the
amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, could be adversely affected if we are unable to do business with
FDX or FDX reduces its business with us or FDX and its subsidiaries were to become unable to make lease payments because of a
downturn in its business or otherwise.  

We
are subject to risks involved in single tenant leases   .  We focus our acquisition activities
on real properties that are net-leased to single tenants. Therefore, the financial failure of, or other default by, a single tenant
under its lease is likely to cause a significant reduction in the operating cash flow generated by the property leased to that
tenant and might decrease the value of that property. In addition, we will be responsible for 100% of the operating costs following
a vacancy at a single tenant building.    

We
may be affected negatively by tenant financial difficulties and leasing delays .  At any time, a tenant may experience a
downturn in its business that may weaken its financial condition. Similarly, a general decline in the economy may result in a
decline in the demand for space at our industrial properties. As a result, our tenants may delay lease commencement, fail to make
rental payments when due, or declare bankruptcy. Any such event could result in the termination of that tenant s lease and
losses to us.  

We
receive a substantial portion of our income as rents under long-term leases.   If tenants are unable to comply with the
terms of their leases because of rising costs or falling revenues, we, in our sole discretion, may deem it advisable to modify
lease terms to allow tenants to pay a lower rental rate or a smaller share of operating costs, taxes and insurance. If a tenant
becomes insolvent or bankrupt, we cannot be sure that we could recover the premises from the tenant promptly or from a trustee
or debtor-in-possession in any bankruptcy proceeding relating to the tenant. We also cannot be sure that we would receive rent
in the proceeding sufficient to cover our expenses with respect to the premises. If a tenant becomes bankrupt, the federal bankruptcy
code will apply and, in some instances, may restrict the amount and recoverability of our claims against the tenant. A tenant s
default on its obligations to us for any reason could adversely affect our financial condition and the cash we have available
for distribution.  

We
may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid.   Real estate investments
generally cannot be sold quickly and, therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our property portfolio promptly in response
to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, the Code may limit our ability to sell our properties. The inability
to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our property portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition and
ability to service debt and make distributions to our shareholders.  

Table of Contents    

Environmental
liabilities could affect our profitability .  We face possible environmental liabilities. Environmental laws today can impose
liability on a previous owner or operator of a property that owned or operated the property at a time when hazardous or toxic
substances were disposed on, or released from, the property. A conveyance of the property, therefore, does not relieve the owner
or operator from liability. As a current or former owner and operator of real estate, we may be required by law to investigate
and clean up hazardous substances released at or from the properties we currently own or operate or have in the past owned or
operated. We may also be liable to the government or to third parties for property damage, investigation costs and cleanup costs.
In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs the
government incurs in connection with the contamination. Contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease real estate
or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. We are not aware of any environmental liabilities relating to our investment
properties which would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations. However, we cannot assure
you that environmental liabilities will not arise in the future and that such liabilities will not have a material adverse effect
on our business, assets or results of operation.  

Actions
by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties .  We compete with
other owners and operators of real estate, some of which own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties
are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently
charge our tenants, we may lose potential tenants, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently
charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants  leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, cash flow and cash
available for distribution, the market price of our preferred and common stock and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations
could be materially and adversely affected.  

Coverage
under our existing insurance policies may be inadequate to cover losses .  Weather conditions and natural disasters such
as hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, floods, droughts, fires and other environmental conditions can harm our business operations.
We generally maintain insurance policies related to our business, including casualty, general liability and other policies, covering
our business operations, employees and assets. However, we would be required to bear all losses that are not adequately covered
by insurance. In addition, there are certain losses that are not generally insured because it is not economically feasible to
insure against them, including losses due to riots or acts of war. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits
were to occur with respect to one or more of our properties, then we could lose the capital we invested in the properties, as
well as the anticipated future revenue from the properties and, in the case of debt, which is with recourse to us, we would remain
obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the properties. Although we believe that our insurance
programs are adequate, we cannot assure you that we will not incur losses in excess of our insurance coverage, or that we will
be able to obtain insurance in the future at acceptable levels and reasonable costs.  

We
may be unable to acquire properties on advantageous terms or acquisitions may not perform as we expect.   We have acquired
individual properties and intend to continue to do so. However, we may be unable to acquire any of the properties that we may
identify as potential acquisition opportunities in the future. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the
following risks:  

when
    we are able to locate a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase
    price;   

acquired
    properties may fail to perform as expected;   

the
    actual costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be higher than our estimates;   

acquired
    properties may be located in new markets where we face risks associated with an incomplete knowledge or understanding of the
    local market, a limited number of established business relationships in the area and a relative unfamiliarity with local governmental
    and permitting procedures;   

we
    may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties,
    into our existing operations, and as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected;
    and   

we
    may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, to the seller. As a
    result, if a claim were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums
    to resolve it, which could adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition.   

Table of Contents    

Financing
Risks   

We
face inherent risks associated with our debt incurrence .  We finance a portion of our investments in properties and marketable
securities through the incurrence of debt. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the
risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. In addition, debt creates other
risks, including:  

rising
    interest rates on our variable rate debt;   

inability
    to repay or refinance existing debt as it matures, which may result in forced disposition of assets on disadvantageous terms;   

one
    or more lenders under our $200 million unsecured line of credit could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or could
    fail, and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all;   

refinancing
    terms that are less favorable than the terms of existing debt; and   

inability
    to meet required payments of principal and/or interest.    

We
mortgage our properties, which subjects us to the risk of foreclosure in the event of non-payment.   We mortgage many of
our properties to secure payment of indebtedness and, if we are unable to meet mortgage payments, the property could be foreclosed
upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a consequent loss of income and asset value. A foreclosure of one or more of our properties
could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to service debt and make distributions
and the market price of our preferred and common stock.  

We
face risks related to  balloon payments  and refinancings.   Certain mortgages will have significant outstanding
principal balances on their maturity dates, commonly known as  balloon payments.  There can be no assurance that we
will have the funds available to fund the balloon payment or that we will be able to refinance the debt on favorable terms or
at all. To the extent we cannot either pay off or refinance this debt on favorable terms or at all, we may be forced to dispose
of properties on disadvantageous terms or pay higher interest rates, either of which could have an adverse impact on our financial
performance and ability to service debt and make distributions.  

We
face risks associated with our dependence on external sources of capital .  In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required
each year to distribute to our shareholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, and we are subject to tax on our income to
the extent it is not distributed. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs
from cash retained from operations. As a result, to fund capital needs, we rely on third-party sources of capital, which we may
not be able to obtain on favorable terms, if at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends upon a number of factors,
including (i) general market conditions; (ii) the market s perception of our growth potential; (iii) our current and potential
future earnings and cash distributions; and (iv) the market price of our capital stock. Additional debt financing may substantially
increase our debt-to-total capitalization ratio. Additional equity issuances may dilute the holdings of our current shareholders.  

We
may become more highly leveraged, resulting in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements
which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions    .
   We have incurred, and may continue to incur, indebtedness in furtherance of our activities .
Our governing documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, our Board of Directors may authorize
us to incur additional debt and would do so, for example, if it were necessary to maintain our status as a REIT. We could therefore
become more highly leveraged, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements
which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to shareholders.  

Table of Contents    

Fluctuations
in interest rates could materially affect our financial results.   Because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable
rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. If the United States Federal Reserve increases
short-term interest rates, this may have a significant upward impact on shorter-term interest rates, including the interest rates
that our variable rate debt is based upon. Potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest
expense and therefore negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, and reduce our access to the debt or
equity capital markets.  

Covenants
in our loan documents could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition .  The terms of our various
credit agreements and other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as
maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage. These covenants may limit our flexibility
in our operations, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness
even if we had satisfied our payment obligations. If we were to default under credit agreements or other debt instruments, our
financial condition could be adversely affected.  

Risks
Related to our Status as a REIT   

If
our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT.   To qualify
as a REIT, we must, among other things, satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income
must be passive income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to our leases to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests,
the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures
or some other type of arrangement. We believe that our leases will be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes.
However, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will agree with this view. If the leases are not respected
as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would not be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable
to REITs, and we could lose our REIT status.  

Failure
to make required distributions would subject us to additional tax.  In order
to qualify as a REIT, we must, among other requirements, distribute, each year, to our shareholders at least 90 percent of our
taxable income, excluding net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy the 90 percent distribution requirement, but distribute
less than 100 percent of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In
addition, we will incur a 4 percent nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions (or deemed distributions)
in any year are less than the sum of:   

85
    percent of our ordinary income for that year;   

95
    percent of our capital gain net earnings for that year; and   

100
    percent of our undistributed taxable income from prior years.   

To
the extent we pay out in excess of 100 percent of our taxable income for any tax year, we may be able to carry forward such excess
to subsequent years to reduce our required distributions for purposes of the 4 percent excise tax in such subsequent years. We
intend to pay out our income to our shareholders in a manner intended to satisfy the 90 percent distribution requirement. Differences
in timing between the recognition of income and the related cash receipts or the effect of required debt amortization payments
could require us to borrow money or sell assets to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the 90 percent distribution
requirement and to avoid corporate income tax.  

We
may not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay distributions, and, therefore, distributions may be made from borrowings.
  The actual amount and timing of distributions will be determined by our Board of Directors in its discretion and typically
will depend on the amount of cash available for distribution, which will depend on items such as current and projected cash requirements,
limitations on distributions imposed by law or our financing arrangements and tax considerations. As a result, we may not have
sufficient cash available from operations to pay distributions as required to maintain our status as a REIT. Therefore, we may
need to borrow funds to make sufficient cash distributions in order to maintain our status as a REIT, which may cause us to incur
additional interest expense as a result of an increase in borrowed funds for the purpose of paying distributions.  

Table of Contents    

We
may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a property.  The federal
income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property held as inventory or
other property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a  prohibited
transaction  that is subject to a 100 percent penalty tax. Under current law, unless a sale of real property qualifies for
a safe harbor, the question of whether the sale of real estate or other property constitutes the sale of property held primarily
for sale to customers is generally a question of the facts and circumstances regarding a particular transaction. It is our intent
that we and our subsidiaries will hold the interests in the real estate for investment with a view to long-term appreciation,
engage in the business of acquiring and owning real estate, and make occasional sales as are consistent with our investment objectives.
We do not intend to engage in prohibited transactions. We cannot assure you, however, that we will only make sales that satisfy
the requirements of the safe harbors or that the IRS will not successfully assert that one or more of such sales are prohibited
transactions.   

We
may be adversely affected if we fail to qualify as a REIT .  If
we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be allowed to deduct distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income and
will be subject to federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, at regular corporate rates. In addition,
we might be barred from qualification as a REIT for the four years following disqualification. The additional tax incurred at
regular corporate rates would reduce significantly the cash flow available for distribution to shareholders and for debt service.
Furthermore, we would no longer be required to make any distributions to our shareholders as a condition to REIT qualification.
Any distributions to shareholders would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and
profits, although such dividend distributions would be subject to a top federal income tax rate of 20% (and potentially a Medicare
tax of 3.8%). Corporate distributees, however, may be eligible for the dividends received deduction on the distributions, subject
to limitations under the Code.    

To
qualify as a REIT, we must comply with certain highly technical and complex requirements .  We cannot be certain we have
complied, and will always be able to comply, with the requirements to qualify as a REIT because there are few judicial and administrative
interpretations of these provisions. In addition, facts and circumstances that may be beyond our control may affect our ability
to continue to qualify as a REIT. We cannot assure you that new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court
decisions will not change the tax laws significantly with respect to our qualification as a REIT or with respect to the federal
income tax consequences of qualification. We believe that we have qualified as a REIT since our inception and intend to continue
to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure you that we are qualified or will remain qualified.  

There
is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to real estate investment trusts .  Because the IRS, the United States Treasury
Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new
federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any of such legislative action may prospectively or
retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of us and/or our investors.  

We
may be unable to comply with the strict income distribution requirement applicable to REITs .  As noted above, to maintain
qualification as a REIT under the Code, a REIT must annually distribute to its shareholders at least 90% of its REIT taxable income,
excluding the dividends paid deduction and net capital gains. This requirement limits our ability to accumulate capital. We may
not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirements. Difficulties in meeting the 90% distribution
requirement might arise due to competing demands for our funds or to timing differences between tax reporting and cash receipts
and disbursements, because income may have to be reported before cash is received, because expenses may have to be paid before
a deduction is allowed, because deductions may be disallowed or limited or because the IRS may make a determination that adjusts
reported income. In those situations, we might be required to borrow funds or sell properties on adverse terms in order to meet
the 90% distribution requirement and interest and penalties could apply which could adversely affect our financial condition.
If we fail to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, we would cease to be taxed as a REIT.  

Table of Contents    

Notwithstanding
our status as a REIT, we are subject to various federal, state and local taxes on our income and property .  For example,
we will be taxed at regular corporate rates on any undistributed taxable income, including undistributed net capital gains; provided,
however, that properly designated undistributed capital gains will effectively avoid taxation at the shareholder level. We may
be subject to other federal income taxes and may also have to pay some state income or franchise taxes because not all states
treat REITs in the same manner as they are treated for federal income tax purposes.  

Other
Risks   

We
may not be able to access adequate cash to fund our business.   Our business requires access to adequate cash to finance
our operations, distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, development and redevelopment costs and property
acquisition costs, if any. We expect to generate the cash to be used for these purposes primarily with operating cash flow, borrowings
under secured and unsecured term loans, proceeds from sales of strategically identified assets and, when market conditions permit,
through the issuance of debt and equity securities from time to time. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to fund our
business, particularly if we are unable to renew or extend leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire according
to expectations.  

We
are dependent on key personnel.   Our executive and other senior officers have a significant role in our success. Our ability
to retain our management group or to attract suitable replacements should any members of the management group leave is dependent
on the competitive nature of the employment market. The loss of services from key members of the management group or a limitation
in their availability could adversely affect our financial condition and cash flow. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived
in the capital markets.  

We
may amend our business policies without shareholder approval .  Our Board of Directors determines our growth, investment,
financing, capitalization, borrowing, operations and distributions policies. In addition, our charter provides that our Board
of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our shareholders, if it determines that
it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. Although our Board of Directors has no present intention
to amend or reverse any of these policies, they may be amended or revised without notice to shareholders. Accordingly, shareholders
may not have control over changes in our policies. We cannot assure you that changes in our policies will serve fully the interests
of all shareholders.  

The
market value of our preferred and common stock could decrease based on our performance and market perception and conditions .
 The market value of our preferred and common stock may be based primarily upon the market s perception of our growth
potential and current and future cash dividends, and may be secondarily based upon the real estate market value of our underlying
assets. The market price of our preferred and common stock is influenced by their respective distributions relative to market
interest rates. Rising interest rates may lead potential buyers of our stock to expect a higher distribution rate, which could
adversely affect the market price of our stock. In addition, rising interest rates could result in increased expense, thereby
adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions.  

There
are restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our capital stock .  To maintain our qualification as a REIT under the
Code, no more than 50% in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, actually or by attribution, by five or fewer individuals,
as defined in the Code to also include certain entities, during the last half of a taxable year. Accordingly, our charter contains
provisions restricting the ownership and transfer of our capital stock. These restrictions may discourage a tender offer or other
transaction, or a change in management or of control of us that might involve a premium price for our common stock or preferred
stock or that our shareholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests, and may result in the transfer of shares acquired
in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer
of the benefits of owning the additional shares.  

Table of Contents    

Our
earnings are dependent, in part, upon the performance of our investment portfolio .  As permitted by the Code, we invest
in and own marketable securities of other REITs, which we generally limit to no more than approximately 10% of our undepreciated
assets (which is our total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). To the extent that the value of those investments declines
or those investments do not provide an attractive return, our earnings and cash flow could be adversely affected.  

We
are subject to restrictions that may impede our ability to effect a change in control .  Certain provisions contained in
our charter and bylaws and certain provisions of Maryland law may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an
acquisition proposal for us and thereby inhibit a change in control. These provisions include the following:  

Our
    charter provides for three classes of directors with the term of office of one class expiring each year, commonly referred
    to as a  staggered board.  By preventing common shareholders from voting on the election of more than one class
    of directors at any annual meeting of shareholders, this provision may have the effect of keeping the current members of our
    Board of Directors in control for a longer period of time than shareholders may desire.   

Our
    charter generally limits any stockholder from acquiring more than 9.8% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more
    restrictive) of our outstanding equity stock (defined as all of our classes of capital stock, except our excess stock). While
    this provision is intended to assist us in qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the ownership limit may also
    limit the opportunity for shareholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock that might otherwise exist if
    an investor was attempting to assemble a block of shares in excess of 9.8% of the outstanding shares of equity stock or otherwise
    effect a change in control.    

The
    request of shareholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting is necessary for shareholders
    to call a special meeting. We also require advance notice from shareholders for the nomination of directors or proposals of
    business to be considered at a meeting of shareholders.   

Our
    Board of Directors may authorize and cause us to issue securities without shareholder approval. Under our charter, our Board
    of Directors has the power to classify and reclassify any of our unissued shares of capital stock into shares of capital stock
    with such preferences, rights, powers and restrictions as the Board of Directors may determine.   

Business
    combination  provisions that provide that, unless exempted, a Maryland corporation may not engage in certain business
    combinations, including mergers, dispositions of 10 percent or more of its assets, certain issuances of shares of stock and
    other specified transactions, with an  interested shareholder  or an affiliate of an interested shareholder for
    five years after the most recent date on which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder, and thereafter
    unless specified criteria are met. An interested shareholder is defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10%
    or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial
    owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within
    the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question. In our charter, we have expressly elected that the Maryland
    Business Combination Act not govern or apply to any transaction with a related company, UMH Properties, Inc. ( UMH ),
    a Maryland corporation.   

The
    duties of directors of a Maryland corporation do not require them to, among other things (a) accept, recommend or respond
    to any proposal by a person seeking to acquire control of the corporation, (b) authorize the corporation to redeem any rights
    under, or modify or render inapplicable, any shareholders rights plan, (c) make a determination under the Maryland Business
    Combination Act or the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act to exempt any person or transaction from the requirements of
    those provisions, or (d) act or fail to act solely because of the effect of the act or failure to act may have on an acquisition
    or potential acquisition of control of the corporation or the amount or type of consideration that may be offered or paid
    to the shareholders in an acquisition.   

Table of Contents    

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to pay distributions regularly.   Our ability to pay distributions in the future
is dependent on our ability to operate profitably and to generate cash from our operations and the operations of our subsidiaries
and is subject to limitations under our financing arrangements and Maryland law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, or
the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally may not make a distribution if, after giving effect to the distribution, the corporation
would not be able to pay its debts as the debts became due in the usual course of business, or the corporation s total assets
would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless the charter permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed
if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of
stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those receiving the distribution. Accordingly, we cannot
guarantee that we will be able to pay distributions on a regular quarterly basis in the future.  

Future
terrorist attacks and military conflicts could have a material adverse effect on general economic conditions, consumer confidence
and market liquidity.    Among other things, it is possible that interest rates may be affected
by these events. An increase in interest rates may increase our costs of borrowing, leading to a reduction in our earnings. Terrorist
acts could also result in significant damages to, or loss of, our properties.   

We
and our tenants may be unable to obtain adequate insurance coverage on acceptable economic terms for losses resulting from acts
of terrorism. Our lenders may require that we carry terrorism insurance even if we do not believe this insurance is necessary
or cost effective. We may also be prohibited under the applicable lease from passing all or a portion of the cost of such insurance
through to the tenant. Should an act of terrorism result in an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits, we could
lose capital invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from a property, while remaining obligated for
any mortgage indebtedness or other financial obligations related to the property. Any loss of these types could adversely affect
our financial condition.  

Disruptions
in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us
and the market price of our capital stock.   Over the last several years, the United States stock and credit markets have
experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which have caused market prices of many stocks
and debt securities to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financing to widen considerably. More recently,
the financial crisis in Europe (including financial difficulties at several large European banks) has had a similar, although
less pronounced, effect. Adding to the European credit crisis, in June 2016, voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw
from the European Union in a national referendum. The referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship
between the United Kingdom and the European Union and has continued to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions
and the stability of global financial markets and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability
of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Continued uncertainty in the stock and credit markets may
negatively impact our ability to access additional financing at reasonable terms, which may negatively affect our ability to acquire
properties and otherwise pursue our investment strategy. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek
alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our investment strategy accordingly.
These types of events in the stock and credit markets may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the
issuance of the common stock, preferred stock or debt securities. The potential disruptions in the financial markets may have
a material adverse effect on the market value of the common stock and preferred stock and the return we receive on our properties
and investments, as well as other unknown adverse effects on us or the economy in general.  

We
are subject to risks arising from litigation.    We may become involved in litigation. Litigation
can be costly, and the results of litigation are often difficult to predict. We may not have adequate insurance coverage or contractual
protection to cover costs and liability in the event we are sued, and to the extent we resort to litigation to enforce our rights,
we may incur significant costs and ultimately be unsuccessful or unable to recover amounts we believe are owed to us. We may have
little or no control of the timing of litigation, which presents challenges to our strategic planning.   

Dividends
on our capital stock do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends.   Income from  qualified
dividends  payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential
rates. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified
dividend income. Although these rules do not adversely affect our taxation or the dividends payable by us, to the extent that
the preferential rates continue to apply to regular corporate qualified dividends, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates
may perceive an investment in us to be relatively less attractive than an investment in the stock of a non-REIT corporation that
pays dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of, and per share trading price of, our capital
stock.  

ITEM
1B   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

None.  

Table of Contents    

ITEM
2 - PROPERTIES   

The
Company operates as a REIT. Our portfolio is primarily comprised of real estate holdings, some of which have been long-term holdings
carried on our financial statements at depreciated cost. We believe that their current market values exceed both the original
cost and the depreciated cost.  

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the Company s real estate investments as of September 30, 2016:  

Table of Contents    

(1)  
      One
    loan is secured by the properties located in Green Bay, WI, Stewartville, MN and Altoona, PA.   

(2)  
      The
    Company owns a 51% controlling equity interest.   

(3)  
      The
    Company has a 67% controlling equity interest.   

(4)  
      The
    property was sold on October 27, 2016.   

Table of Contents    

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the principal tenants and leases for the Company s properties
shown above as of September 30, 2016:  

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

All
improved properties were 100% occupied at September 30, 2016 except for one property consisting of a 59,425 square feet building
situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN. Subsequent to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2016, the Company sold this
property for $4,272,000 which increased our occupancy rate from 99.6% to 100.0%.  

The
Company s weighted-average lease expiration was 7.4 and 7.2 years as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Our
average occupancy rates as of the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were 99.6%, 97.7%, 95.9%, 96.0% and
95.2%, respectively. The average effective annualized rent per square foot for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014,
2013 and 2012 was $5.72, $5.48, $5.51, $5.53 and $5.62, respectively.  

Completed
expansions that have resulted in increased rents over the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016     

Ecommerce
has been a major catalyst driving increased demand for the industrial property type, causing an ongoing shift from traditional
brick and mortar retail shopping to shopping on-line. Due to the increased demand for industrial space, we have been experiencing
an increase in expansion activity at our existing properties.  

During
December 2014, a 62,260 square foot expansion of a building leased to NF M International, Inc. located in Monaca (Pittsburgh),
PA was completed for a cost of approximately $4,503,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration
date from September 2018 through December 2024. In addition, the expansion resulted in an initial increase in annual rent effective
January 1, 2015 from $381,805, or $3.39 per square foot, to $820,000, or $4.69 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent will
increase in year five of the lease effective January 1, 2020 to $841,600, or $4.81 per square foot, resulting in an annualized
rent over the new ten year period of $830,800, or $4.75 per square foot.  

During
June 2015, a parking lot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in El Paso, TX was completed
for a cost of approximately $2,472,000 resulting in an increase in annual rent effective July 1, 2015 from $1,045,610, or $7.25
per square foot to $1,345,289, or $9.33 per square foot. Prior to this parking lot expansion, during September 2013, a 51,765
square foot expansion of the building located at the same property was completed for a cost of approximately $3,800,000 resulting
in an increase in annual rent effective October 1, 2013 from $667,584, or $7.27 per square foot, to $1,045,610, or $7.25 per square
foot. In addition, the expansion resulted in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from September
2015 through September 2023.  

Table of Contents    

During
June 2015, a 38,428 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Oklahoma City,
OK was completed for a cost of approximately $3,332,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration
date from March 2022 through June 2025. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective August 1,
2015 from $712,532, or $5.94 per square foot, to $1,048,250, or $6.62 per square foot.  

During
August 2015, a 48,116 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Waco, TX was
completed for a cost of approximately $4,125,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date
from May 2022 through August 2025. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective August 15, 2015
from $659,324, or $6.43 per square foot, to $1,078,383, or $7.16 per square foot.  

On
July 29, 2016, a 246,434 square foot expansion of a building leased to Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation ( Milwaukee Tool )
located in Olive Branch, MS, which is located in the Memphis, TN MSA, was completed for a cost of approximately $9,785,000. This
resulted in a new 12 year lease which extended the original lease expiration date from April 2023 through July 2028 and increased
the building size from 615,455 to 861,889 square feet. In addition, the expansion resulted in an initial increase in annual rent
effective on the date of completion of approximately $847,000 from approximately $1,943,000, or $3.16 per square foot, to approximately
$2,790,000, or $3.24 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent will increase each year by 1.5% resulting in an annualized rent
over the new twelve year period of approximately $3,020,000, or $3.50 per square foot. In September 2016, in connection with the
expansion, the Company refinanced its prior 3.76% interest rate mortgage with its existing lender of this property. At the time
of the refinancing, the prior amortizing loan was approximately $13,158,000 and was set to mature in January 2023. The new loan
is a 12 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $25,000,000 and will mature in October 2028. The interest rate of the new loan remained
the same as the prior loan at a fixed interest rate of 3.76%.  

On
August 1, 2016, a parking lot expansion for a property leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Tampa, FL was completed
for a cost of approximately $1,303,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from June
2024 through July 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion
of approximately $131,000 from approximately $1,493,000, or $8.74 per square foot to approximately $1,624,000, or $9.51 per square
foot.  

On
August 1, 2016, a 14,941 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Huntsville,
AL was completed for a cost of approximately $1,925,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration
date from August 2022 through July 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the
date of completion of approximately $193,000 from approximately $412,000, or $5.59 per square foot, to approximately $605,000
or $6.82 per square foot.  

On
October 1, 2016, a 50,741 square foot expansion of the building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Edinburg,
TX was completed for a cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration
date from September 2021 through September 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from
the date of completion of approximately $499,000 from approximately $598,000, or $5.27 per square foot, to approximately $1,097,000,
or $6.68 per square foot.  

Fiscal
2016 renewals    

Approximately
2% of the Company s gross leasable area, consisting of three leases totaling 325,656 square feet, was scheduled to expire
during fiscal 2016. The Company has renewed all three leases, resulting in a 100% tenant retention rate for fiscal 2016. The Company s
tenant retention rate in fiscal 2015 was also 100%. For two of the three leases that were scheduled to expire during fiscal 2016,
the Company did not incur any tenant improvement costs or any leasing costs. For the other lease renewal, the Company incurred
or expects to incur tenant improvement costs of approximately $210,000 and leasing costs of approximately $133,000. The table
below summarizes the lease terms of the three leases which were renewed and includes both the tenant improvement costs and the
leasing costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged over the renewal term.  

Table of Contents    

(1)  
      Amount
    calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term.   

The
three lease renewals resulted in a weighted average term of 4.1 years and a U.S. GAAP straight-line weighted average lease rate
of $4.20 per square foot. The renewed weighted average initial cash rent per square foot is $4.04. This compares to the former
weighted average rent of $3.99 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and the former weighted average cash rent of
$4.13 per square foot, representing an increase in the weighted average lease rate of 5.3% on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis
and a decrease in the weighted average lease rate of 2.2% on a cash basis.  

During
September 2015, the Company entered into a 5.25 year lease agreement for its previously vacant 148,000 square foot building located
in Fayetteville, NC through February 28, 2021. The lease commenced December 1, 2015 and is with Victory Packaging, L.P., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation, a publicly-owned company. The initial annual rent of $469,160, representing
$3.17 per square foot, commenced on March 1, 2016 with 2.5% annual increases thereafter.  

During
October 2015, the Company entered into a 5.25 year lease agreement for its previously vacant 106,507 square foot building located
in Winston-Salem, NC through March 31, 2021. The lease is with Style Crest, Inc. and commenced on January 1, 2016. Initial annual
rent of $356,798, representing $3.35 per square foot, commenced on April 1, 2016 with 3.0% annual increases thereafter.  

Fiscal
2017 renewals    

In
fiscal 2017, approximately 10% of our gross leasable area, representing thirteen leases totaling 1,539,526 square feet, is set
to expire. As of the date of this Annual Report, five of the thirteen leases have renewed. One of the five leases, (which is with
FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for a property located in Ft. Myers, FL), has renewed for only eight months because the tenant
plans to move its operations from our 87,500 square foot facility to a newly constructed facility, which is also located in Ft.
Myers, FL. Once the construction is complete, the Company is under contract to purchase this new facility, consisting of approximately
213,500 square feet, subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements.
In addition, once the construction is complete, this brand new facility will be leased for 10 years. Excluding the eight month
lease renewal at the Ft. Myers, FL location, the four leases that have renewed thus far represent 500,722 square feet, or 33%
of the expiring square footage, and have a weighted average lease term of 8.0 years.  

The
Company has incurred or expects to incur tenant improvement costs of approximately $1,928,000 and leasing costs of approximately
$587,000 in connection with four of the five lease renewals. The table below summarizes the lease terms of the five leases which
were renewed and includes both the tenant improvement costs and the leasing costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF)
basis averaged over the renewal term.  

Table of Contents    

(1)  
      Amount
    calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term.   

(2)  
      Total
    and Weighted Average amounts exclude the Ft. Myers, FL property.   

Excluding
the eight-month lease renewal at the Ft. Myers, FL location, the remaining four lease renewals results in a weighted average term
of 8.0 years and a U.S. GAAP straight-line weighted average lease rate of $5.33 per square foot. The renewed weighted average
initial cash rent per square foot is $5.07. This compares to the former weighted average rent of $5.13 per square foot on a U.S.
GAAP straight-line basis and the former weighted average cash rent of $5.29 per square foot, representing an increase in the weighted
average lease rate of 3.9% on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and a decrease in the weighted average lease rate of 4.2% on a cash
basis. The eight remaining leases that are set to expire during fiscal 2017 are under discussion.  

On
September 30, 2016, the Company had a weighted average lease maturity of 7.4 years with weighted average gross annualized rent
scheduled to expire each year of 8.0%.  

The
following table presents certain information as of September 30, 2016, with respect to the Company s leases expiring over
the future fiscal years ended September 30 th :  

Table of Contents    

(1)  
       Vacant 
    represents one property consisting of a 59,425 square foot building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN.
    Subsequent to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2016, the Company sold its only vacant building for $4,272,000 which increased
    the occupancy rate to 100.0%.    

(2)  
       Shopping
    Center  represents a multi-tenanted property which has lease expirations ranging from month-to-month to 2029.    

(3)  
      Included
    in 2018 is Datatel Resources and included in 2025 is NF M International, which both occupy one property and therefore
    are counted as one property in the property count total. Included in 2017 is Woodstream Corporation and included in 2018 is
    Altec Industries, Inc., which both occupy one property and therefore are counted as one property in the property count total.

ITEM
3   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM
4   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

None.  

Table of Contents    

PART
II   

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market
Information   

Since
June 1, 2010, the common stock of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation has been traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE),
under the symbol  MNR . Previously, the common stock was traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The per share
range of high and low market prices and distributions paid to common shareholders during each fiscal quarter of the last two fiscal
years ended September 30 th  were as follows:  

On
November 15, 2016, the closing price of our common stock was $13.24.  

Shareholder
Information   

As
of November 15, 2016, there were 1,359 shareholders of record who held shares of common stock of the Company.  

Distributions
and Dividends   

On
October 1, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 6.7% increase in the Company s quarterly common stock
dividend, raising it to $0.16 per share from $0.15 per share. On October 3, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared
a cash dividend of $0.16 per share to be paid on December 15, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on November
15, 2016. This represents an annualized dividend rate of $0.64 per share. The Company has maintained or increased its cash dividend
for twenty-five consecutive years. The Company paid the distributions from cash flows from operations. The Company s common
stock dividend policy is dependent upon the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, availability
and cost of bank financing and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors. It is the Company s intention
to continue making comparable quarterly distributions in the future and to grow its distributions over time.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

None.  

Table of Contents    

Purchases
of Equity Securities   

On
January 19, 2016, the Board of Directors reaffirmed its Share Repurchase Program (the Repurchase Program) that authorizes the
Company to purchase up to $10,000,000 in the aggregate of the Company s common stock. The Repurchase Program was originally
created on March 3, 2009 and is intended to be implemented through purchases made from time to time using a variety of methods,
which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or block trades, or by any combination of such methods,
in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. The size, scope and timing of any purchases
will be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, regulatory and contractual requirements or
consents, and capital availability. The Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any particular amount of common
stock, and the program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion without prior
notice. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not reacquire any of its shares of Common Stock. The maximum dollar value that
may be purchased under the Repurchase Program as of September 30, 2016 is $10,000,000.  

Equity
Compensation Plan Information   

The
Company has a Stock Option and Stock Award Plan, adopted in 2007 and amended and restated in 2010 (the 2007 Plan) authorizing
the grant to officers and key employees of options to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock, including up to 100,000
shares of restricted stock awards in any one fiscal year. As of September 30, 2016, there were 444,878 shares available for grant
as stock options or restricted stock under the 2007 Plan. During fiscal 2016, options to purchase 65,000 shares were granted with
an exercise price of $10.37 and options to purchase 245,000 shares were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of $7.69
per share for total proceeds of $1,883,300. In addition, during fiscal 2016, 40,000 shares of restricted common stock were granted
with a fair value on the grant date of $13.64 per share. See Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Form 10-K for a description of the plan. See Item 12   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters for a table of beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock.  

The
following table summarizes information, as of September 30, 2016, relating to the equity compensation plan of the Company (including
individual compensation arrangements) pursuant to which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance:  

Number of Securities to
    be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights            
      Weighted-Average Exercise
    Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights            
      Number of Securities Remaining
    Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan (excluding Securities reflected in column (a))        
 
      Plan Category       
      (a)            
      (b)            
      (c)        

Equity Compensation Plan
    Approved by Security Holders       
           455,000            
      $    9.46            
           444,878        

Equity Compensation Plan not Approved
    by Security Holders       
                N/A             
             N/A             
                N/A         

Total       
           455,000            
      $    9.46            
           444,878        

Table of Contents    

Comparative
Stock Performance   

The
following line graph compares the total return of the Company s common stock for the last five fiscal years to the FTSE
NAREIT Composite Index (US), published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT), and the S P
500 Index for the same period. The graph assumes a $100 investment in our common stock and in each of the indexes listed below
on September 30, 2011 and the reinvestment of all dividends. The total return reflects stock price appreciation and dividend reinvestment
for all three comparative indices. The information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but neither its accuracy
nor its completeness is guaranteed. Our stock performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of future stock performance.  

Table of Contents    

ITEM
6   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

The
following table sets forth selected financial and other information for the Company for the periods and as of the dates indicated.
This table should be read in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations and all of the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere herein.  

Table of Contents    

* We assess and measure our overall operating
results based upon an industry performance measure referred to as Funds From Operations (FFO), which management believes is a
useful indicator of our operating performance. FFO is used by industry analysts and investors as a supplemental operating performance
measure of a REIT. FFO, as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT), represents net income
(loss) attributable to common shareholders, as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP), excluding extraordinary items, as defined under U.S. GAAP, gains or losses from sales of previously depreciated real
estate assets, impairment charges related to depreciable real estate assets, plus certain non-cash items such as real estate asset
depreciation and amortization. NAREIT created FFO as a non-U.S. GAAP supplemental measure of REIT operating performance. We define
Core Funds From Operations (Core FFO) as FFO, excluding acquisition costs and costs associated with the Redemption of Preferred
Stock. We define Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO) as Core FFO, excluding stock compensation expense, depreciation of corporate
office tenant improvements, amortization of financing costs, lease termination income, net gain or loss on sale of securities
transactions, U.S. GAAP straight-line rent adjustments, non-recurring other expenses and less recurring capital expenditures.
We define recurring capital expenditures as all capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures related to expansions at
our current locations or capital expenditures that are incurred in conjunction with obtaining a new lease or a lease renewal.
We believe that, as widely recognized measures of performance used by other REITs, FFO, Core FFO and AFFO may be considered by
investors as supplemental measures to compare our operating performance to those of other REITs. FFO, Core FFO and AFFO exclude
historical cost depreciation as an expense and may facilitate the comparison of REITs which have a different cost basis. However,
other REITs may use different methodologies to calculate FFO, Core FFO and AFFO and, accordingly, our FFO, Core FFO and AFFO may
not be comparable to all other REITs. The items excluded from FFO, Core FFO and AFFO are significant components in understanding
the Company s financial performance. 

FFO, Core FFO and AFFO
(i) do not represent Cash Flow from Operations as defined by U.S. GAAP; (ii) should not be considered as an alternative to Net
Income as a measure of operating performance or to Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities; and (iii) are
not an alternative to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. FFO, Core FFO and AFFO, as calculated by the Company, may not be comparable
to similarly titled measures reported by other REITs. 

The following is a reconciliation
of the Company s U.S. GAAP Net Income to the Company s FFO, Core FFO and AFFO for the fiscal years ended September
30 th  : 

(1)  
      Consists
    of one-time payroll expenditures   
 
 . 

Table of Contents    

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

Statements contained in
this Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements provide the Company s current expectations or forecasts of
future events. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company s expectations, beliefs, intentions, plans,
objectives, goals, strategies, future events, performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are not historical
facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by their use of forward-looking words, such as  may,   will, 
 anticipate,   expect,   believe,   intend,   plan,   should, 
 seek  or comparable terms, or the negative use of those words, but the absence of these words does not necessarily
mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements
are based on the Company s beliefs, assumptions and expectations of its future performance, taking into account all information
currently available to the Company. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions
and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the Company. Some of
these factors are described below and under the headings  Business ,  Risk Factors  and  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These and other risks, uncertainties and factors
could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those included in any forward-looking statements the
Company makes. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise
over time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict those events or how they may affect the Company. Except as required
by law, the Company is not obligated to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from the Company s expectations include, among others: 

the
    ability of the Company s tenants to make payments under their respective leases, its reliance on certain major tenants
    and the Company s ability to re-lease properties that are currently vacant or that become vacant;   

the
    Company s ability to obtain suitable tenants for its properties;   

changes
    in real estate market conditions, economic conditions in the industrial sector and the market in which the Company s
    properties are located and general economic conditions;   

the
    inherent risks associated with owning real estate, including local real estate market conditions, governing laws and regulations
    and illiquidity of real estate investments;   

the
    Company s ability to acquire, finance and sell properties on attractive terms;   

the
    Company s ability to repay debt financing obligations;   

the
    Company s ability to refinance amounts outstanding under its mortgages and credit facilities at maturity on terms favorable
    to us, or at all;   

the
    loss of any member of the Company s management team;   

the
    Company s ability to comply with debt covenants;   

the
    Company s ability to integrate acquired properties and operations into existing operations;   

continued
    availability of proceeds from issuances of the Company s debt or equity securities;   

the
    availability of other debt and equity financing alternatives;   

market
    conditions affecting the Company s investment in marketable securities of other REIT s;   

changes
    in interest rates under the Company s current credit facility and under any additional variable rate debt arrangements
    that the Company may enter into in the future;   

the
    Company s ability to successfully implement the Company s selective acquisition strategy;   

the
    Company s ability to maintain internal controls and procedures to ensure all transactions are accounted for properly,
    all relevant disclosures and filings are timely made in accordance with all rules and regulations, and any potential fraud
    or embezzlement is thwarted or detected;   

changes
    in federal or state tax rules or regulations that could have adverse tax consequences;    

declines
    in the market prices of the Company s investment securities; and   

the
    Company s ability to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.   

Table of Contents    

You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, as events described or implied in such statements may not occur. The Company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere herein. 

Overview  

The Company is a self-administered
and self-managed REIT. The Company seeks to invest in well-located, modern, single tenant, industrial buildings, leased primarily
to investment-grade tenants or their subsidiaries on long-term net leases. At September 30, 2016, the Company held investments
in ninety-nine properties totaling approximately 16,010,000 square feet. Total real estate investments were $1,171,313,495 at
September 30, 2016. These properties are located in thirty states: Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey,
New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin.
All of these properties are wholly-owned, with the exception of an industrial property in New Jersey, in which the Company owns
a 51% controlling equity interest, and the shopping center in New Jersey, in which the Company holds a 67% controlling equity
interest. 

The Company s weighted-average
lease expiration was 7.4 and 7.2 years as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and its average annualized rent per occupied
square foot as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.72 and $5.48, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s
occupancy was 99.6% and 97.7%, respectively. Subsequent to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2016, the Company sold its only vacant
building for $4,272,000 which increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%. During fiscal 2016, the Company acquired eight industrial
properties totaling approximately 1,830,000 square feet for approximately $210,747,000. 

The Company has a concentration
of properties leased to FedEx Corporation (FDX). As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately 16,010,000 square feet
of property, of which approximately 7,584,000 square feet, or 47%, consisting of fifty-three separate stand-alone leases, were
leased to FDX and its subsidiaries, (6% to FDX and 41% to FDX subsidiaries). These properties are located in twenty-four different
states. The percentage of rental and reimbursement revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries was 56% for the year ended September
30, 2016, consisting of 7% leased to FDX and 49% leased to FDX subsidiaries. No other tenant accounted for 5% or more of the Company s
total Rental and Reimbursement revenue for fiscal 2016. 

In addition to real estate
property holdings, the Company held $73,604,894 in marketable REIT securities at September 30, 2016, representing 5.3% of the
Company s undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). These liquid
real estate holdings are not included in calculating the tenant concentration ratios above and therefore further enhance the Company s
diversification. As a result, the securities portfolio provides the Company with additional liquidity, diversification, income
and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available. 

The Company s revenue
primarily consists of rental and reimbursement revenue from the ownership of industrial rental property. Rental and Reimbursement
Revenue increased $17,140,613, or 22%, for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2015.
Total expenses (excluding other income and expense) increased $7,368,782, or 17%, for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increases were due mainly to the revenue and expenses relating to the property acquisitions
made during fiscal 2015 and 2016. 

Table of Contents    

Net Operating Income from
property operations (NOI) is defined as recurring Rental and Reimbursement Revenue, less Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses,
such as insurance, utilities and repairs and maintenance. NOI increased $14,901,332, or 23%, for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and increased $11,930,616, or 22%, for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2015 as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The increase from fiscal year 2015 to 2016 was due
to the additional income related to eight industrial properties purchased during fiscal 2016 and the purchase of ten industrial
properties during fiscal 2015. The increase from fiscal year 2014 to 2015 was due to the additional income related to ten industrial
properties purchased during fiscal 2015. 

The Company s NOI
for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is calculated as follows: 

For the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, gross revenue, which includes Rental Revenue, Reimbursement Revenue and Dividend and Interest
Income totaled $100,532,502, $81,499,364 and $68,554,938, respectively. 

Subsequent to the fiscal
yearend, on October 17, 2016, the Company purchased a newly constructed 338,584 square foot industrial building located in Hamburg,
NY, which is in the Buffalo MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through
March 2031. The purchase price was $35,100,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $23,500,000 at
a fixed interest rate of 4.03%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,308,000. 

In addition, subsequent
to the fiscal yearend, on October 1, 2016, a 50,741 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System,
Inc. located in Edinburg, TX was substantially completed for a cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease
which extended the prior lease expiration date from September 2021 through September 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted
in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $499,000 from approximately $598,000, or
$5.27 per square foot, to approximately $1,097,000, or $6.68 per square foot. 

On October 27, 2016, the
Company sold its only vacant building, (which increased our occupancy rate from 99.6% to 100.0%), consisting of a 59,425 square
foot industrial building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN for approximately $4,272,000, which is the Company s
approximate U.S. GAAP net book carrying value. 

The industrial properties
purchased, expanded and sold during fiscal 2017 to date, increased our current total leasable square feet to approximately 16,340,000
and increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%. 

Table of Contents    

In addition to the property
purchased subsequent to the fiscal yearend, we have entered into agreements to purchase eight new build-to-suit, industrial buildings
that are currently being developed in Florida, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio and South Carolina totaling approximately 2,099,000
square feet each with net-leased terms ranging between ten to fifteen years with a weighted average lease maturity of 13.3 years.
Approximately 1,267,000 square feet, or 60%, is leased to FDX and its subsidiaries. The purchase price for the eight properties
is approximately $212,373,000. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements,
we anticipate closing these eight transactions during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. In connection with five of the eight properties,
the Company has entered into commitments to obtain five mortgages totaling $101,204,000 at fixed rates ranging from 3.60% to 4.20%,
with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%. Each of these mortgages will be a fifteen year, fully-amortizing loan. The Company
may make additional acquisitions in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 and the funds for these acquisitions may come from mortgages,
draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, cash on hand, sale of marketable securities, other bank borrowings, proceeds from
the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), private placements and public offerings of additional common or preferred
stock or other securities. To the extent that funds or appropriate properties are not available, fewer acquisitions will be made. 

During the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company completed fifteen expansions at thirteen of its locations, consisting of
ten building expansions and five parking lot expansions. Two of the parking lot expansions included the purchase of additional
land. The ten building expansions resulted in approximately 699,000 additional square feet. Total costs for all fifteen property
expansions were approximately $52,474,000 and resulted in total increased annual rent of approximately $5,180,000. Fourteen completed
expansions resulted in a new ten year lease extension for each property that was expanded and one completed expansion resulted
in a new twelve year lease extension. 

Revenues also include
dividend and interest income and net realized gain on securities transactions. The Company holds a portfolio of marketable securities
of other REITs with a fair value of $73,604,894 as of September 30, 2016, representing 5.3% of the Company s undepreciated
assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). The Company generally limits its marketable
securities investments to no more than approximately 10% of its undepreciated assets. The Company invests in REIT securities and,
from time to time, may use margin debt when an adequate yield spread can be obtained. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there
were no draws against the margin. The REIT securities portfolio provides the Company with additional liquidity and additional
income and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available. As of September 30,
2016, the Company s portfolio consisted primarily of 81% REIT common stocks and 19% REIT preferred stocks, all of which
are listed on a national securities exchange. The Company s weighted-average yield on the securities portfolio for fiscal
2016 was approximately 8.0%. Dividend and Interest income for fiscal 2016 was $5,616,392, and was $3,723,867 for fiscal 2015.
During fiscal 2016, the Company realized $4,398,599 in gains on sales of securities transactions. The Company has unrealized gains
of $12,942,267 in its REIT securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016. The dividends received from our securities investments
continue to meet our expectations. The Company intends to hold these securities for investment on a long-term basis. 

The Company had $95,749,508
in cash and cash equivalents and $73,604,894 in REIT securities as of September 30, 2016. The Company believes that funds generated
from operations, the DRIP, the unsecured line of credit facility, together with the ability to finance and refinance its properties,
will provide sufficient funds to adequately meet its obligations over the next several years. 

The Company has a Dividend
Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), in which participants can purchase stock from the Company at a price of approximately
95% of market value. Amounts received in connection with the DRIP, (including dividend reinvestments of $8,369,146, $8,489,169
and $7,624,528 for fiscal years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively), were $72,175,797, $48,404,556 and $38,090,334 for fiscal
years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Table of Contents    

Industrial space demand
is very closely correlated to Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth. Despite seven years of unprecedented monetary stimulus, real
annual GDP growth has averaged less than 2.0% over this period. However, there has been significant demand for industrial space
and national occupancy rates have continued to increase. The most significant demand driver for modern industrial real estate
continues to be ecommerce. Every year, since the turn of the century, the percentage of goods purchased on-line has increased
at a 15% annual growth rate. Today, approximately 10% of retail sales have migrated from traditional store sales to on-line sales.
This favorable trend for the industrial real estate sector is expected to be a leading demand driver for the foreseeable future,
as consumers continue to embrace the added efficiencies of on-line consumption. New home construction and sales of existing homes
has also continued to strengthen. Housing demand typically translates into greater demand for warehouse space. Additionally, automotive
sales remain at historic highs and low energy costs have resulted in increased domestic manufacturing. These catalysts have resulted
in rising rental rates in most major industrial markets. The strong financial position of our tenants, together with the long
duration of our leases, should enable the Company to continue to perform well despite the slow growth macro-economic environment. 

The Company intends to
continue to increase its real estate investments in fiscal 2017 and 2018 through acquisitions and expansions of properties. The
growth of the real estate portfolio depends on the availability of suitable properties which meet the Company s investment
criteria and appropriate financing. Competition in the market areas in which the Company operates is significant and affects acquisitions,
occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses of certain properties. Transaction costs, such as broker fees, transfer
taxes, legal, valuation, and other professional fees related to acquisitions are expensed as incurred. 

See PART I, Item 1  
Business and Item 1A   Risk Factors for a more complete discussion of the economic and industry-wide factors relevant to
the Company and the opportunities and challenges, and risks on which the Company is focused. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operation are based upon the Company s consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Company s consolidated financial statements.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Significant accounting
policies are defined as those that involve significant judgment and potentially could result in materially different results under
different assumptions and conditions. Management believes the following significant accounting policies are affected by our more
significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. For a detailed
description of these and other accounting policies, see Note 1 in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Form 10-K. 

Real Estate Investments  

The Company applies Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360-10, Property, Plant   Equipment (ASC 360-10) to measure
impairment in real estate investments. Rental properties are individually evaluated for impairment when conditions exist which
may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash flows (on an undiscounted basis without interest) from a
rental property is less than its historical net cost basis. These expected future cash flows consider factors such as future operating
income, trends and prospects as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. Upon determination that
an other than temporary impairment has occurred, rental properties are reduced to their fair value. For properties to be disposed
of, an impairment loss is recognized when the fair value of the property, less the estimated cost to sell, is less than the carrying
amount of the property measured at the time there is a commitment to sell the property and/or it is actively being marketed for
sale. A property to be disposed of is reported at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair value, less its cost
to sell. Subsequent to the date that a property is held for disposition, depreciation expense is not recorded. 

Table of Contents    

Upon acquisition of a
property, the Company allocates the purchase price of the property based upon the fair value of the assets acquired, which generally
consist of land, buildings and intangible assets, including above and below market leases and in-place leases. The Company allocates
the purchase price to the fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property generally determined by third party appraisal
of the property obtained in conjunction with the purchase. Transaction costs, such as broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting,
valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, related to acquisitions are expensed as incurred. 

The purchase price is
further allocated to acquired above and below market leases based on the present value of the difference between prevailing market
rates and the in-place lease rates over the remaining term. In addition, any remaining amounts of the purchase price are applied
to in-place lease values based on management s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease.
In-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of
the existing relationship with the tenant, the tenant s credit quality and expectations of lease renewals are also considered.
Acquired above and below market leases are amortized to rental revenue over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the respective
leases. The value of in-place lease intangibles is amortized to amortization expense over the remaining lease term. If a tenant
terminates its lease early, the unamortized portion of the tenant improvements, leasing commissions, deferred rent, and the in-place
lease value is charged to expense when there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the termination agreement
are met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and the termination consideration, if any, is probable of collection. 

The Company conducted
a comprehensive review of all real estate asset classes in accordance with ASC Topic 360, which indicates that asset values should
be analyzed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be fully recoverable. 

The following are examples
of such events or changes in circumstances that would indicate to management that there may be an impairment of a property: 

A
    non-renewal of a lease and subsequent move out by the tenant;   

A
    renewal of a lease at a significantly lower rent than a previous lease;   

A
    significant decrease in the market value of a property;   

A
    significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a property is being used or in its physical condition;   

A
    significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of a property, including
    an adverse action or assessment by a regulator;   

An
    accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a property;   

A
    current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast
    that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a property; or   

A
    current expectation that, more likely than not, a property will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the
    end of its previously estimated useful life.   

The process entails the
analysis of property for instances where the net book value exceeds the estimated fair value. In accordance with ASC Topic 360,
an impairment loss shall be recognized if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.
The Company utilizes the experience and knowledge of its internal valuation team to derive certain assumptions used to determine
an operating property s cash flow. Such assumptions include re-leasing and renewal probabilities upon future lease expirations,
vacancy factors, rental growth rates, and capital expenditures. 

Table of Contents    

As part of our review
of our property portfolio, we evaluated the one vacant industrial property in our portfolio and evaluate that the sum of the discounted
cash flows expected for a potential lease of this property exceeded its historical net cost basis. Management considers on a quarterly
basis whether the marketed rent (advertised) or the market rent has decreased or if any additional indicators are present which
would indicate a significant decrease in net cash flows. Management typically will obtain an independent appraisal to assist in
evaluating a potential impairment for a property that has been vacant for several years. We have also considered the properties
which had lease renewals at rental rates lower than the previous rental rates and noted that the sum of the new discounted cash
flows expected for the renewed leases exceeded these properties  historical net cost basis. On October 27, 2016, the Company
sold its only vacant building consisting of a 59,425 square foot industrial building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear
Lake, MN for approximately $4,272,000, which is the Company s approximate U.S. GAAP net book carrying value. As a result
of this disposition, our occupancy increased from 99.6% to 100%. 

The Company reviewed its
operating properties in light of the requirements of ASC Topic 360-10 and determined that, as of September 30, 2016, the undiscounted
cash flows over the holding period for these properties were in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, no impairment
charges were required. 

Securities Available for Sale  

Investments in non-real
estate assets consist primarily of marketable securities, which the Company generally limits to no more than approximately 10%
of its undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). Management individually
reviews and evaluates our marketable securities for impairment on a quarterly basis, or when events or circumstances occur. Management
considers, among other things, credit aspects of the issuer, amount of decline in fair value over cost and length of time in a
continuous loss position. If a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary, a non-cash impairment charge is
recognized in earnings and the cost basis of the individual security is written down to fair value as the new cost basis.  

The Company classifies
its securities among three categories: Held-to-maturity, trading, and available-for-sale. The Company s securities at September
30, 2016 and 2015 are all classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Gains
or losses on the sale of securities are calculated based on the average cost method and are accounted for on a trade date basis.
Unrealized holding gains and losses are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of Shareholders  Equity
until realized. The change in net unrealized holding gains (losses) is reflected as comprehensive income (loss). 

Revenue Recognition and Estimates  

Rental revenue from tenants
with leases having scheduled rental increases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Tenant recoveries
related to the reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses are recognized
as revenue in the period the expenses are incurred. The reimbursements are recognized and presented gross, as the Company is generally
the primary obligor and, with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, has discretion in selecting
the supplier and bears the associated credit risk. These occupancy charges are recognized as earned. In addition, an estimate
is made with respect to whether a provision for allowance for doubtful tenant and other receivables is necessary. The allowance
for doubtful accounts reflects management s estimate of the amounts of the recorded tenant and other receivables at the
balance sheet date that will not be realized from cash receipts in subsequent periods. If cash receipts in subsequent periods
vary from our estimates, or if the Company s tenants  financial condition deteriorates as a result of operating difficulties,
additional changes to the allowance may be required. The Company did not have an allowance for doubtful accounts as of September
30, 2016 or 2015. 

Table of Contents    

Lease Termination Income  

Lease Termination Income
is recognized in operating revenues when there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have
been met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and the termination consideration is probable of collection. Lease termination
amounts are paid by tenants who want to terminate their lease obligations before the end of the contractual term of the lease
by agreement with the Company. 

During the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2015, the Company entered into a lease termination agreement with its tenant, Norton McNaughton of Squire,
Inc. (Norton), whereby the Company received a lease termination fee of $238,625 in December 2014, terminating the lease effective
January 31, 2015. Prior to the lease termination, Norton leased the Company s 302,400 square foot building located in its
Hanahan (Charleston), SC location through April 29, 2015 at an annualized rent of approximately $1,389,000, or $4.54 per square
foot. Additionally, prior to the lease termination, Norton sub-leased the Company s space to Science Applications International
Corporation (SAIC). In conjunction with the lease termination, the Company simultaneously entered into a lease agreement for four
years and three months with SAIC from February 1, 2015 through April 30, 2019 at an initial annualized rent of approximately $1,406,000,
or $4.65 per square foot, with 2% increases each year. 

Lease Termination Income
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 consisted of $1,182,890 from the Company s former tenant at its 83,000 square
foot building located in Roanoke, VA. Lease Termination Income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 consisted of $113,784
from the Company s former tenant at its 388,671 square foot building located in St. Joseph, MO and $576,946 from the Company s
former tenant at its 160,000 square foot building located in Monroe, NC. Two of the properties associated with these lease termination
fees are currently being leased to new tenants and the remaining property was subsequently leased to a new tenant then sold to
that tenant. The Company is currently leasing its property located in St. Joseph, MO to two tenants, one tenant through September
30, 2017 and one tenant through February 28, 2018. The Company was leasing its building in Monroe, NC to a single tenant through
September 18, 2015, at which time the Company sold the property to the tenant realizing a gain of approximately $5,021,000. In
addition, as further described below, the Company is currently leasing its 83,000 square foot building in Roanoke, VA to a single
tenant through January 31, 2025. 

Of the Company s
ninety-nine properties, only three leases, representing 1.3% of the Company s gross leasable area, contain an early termination
provision, which are as follows: the Company s lease with its tenant at its 26,340 square foot location in Ridgeland (Jackson),
MS, the Company s lease with its tenant at its 83,000 square foot location in Roanoke, VA and the Company s lease
with its tenant at its 102,135 square foot location in O Fallon (St. Louis), MO. 

Results of Operations  

Occupancy and Rent per Occupied Square
Foot   

The Company s weighted-average
lease expiration was 7.4 and 7.2 years as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and its average annualized rent per occupied
square foot as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.72 and $5.48, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s
occupancy was 99.6% and 97.7%, respectively. 

All improved properties
were 100% occupied at September 30, 2016 except for one property consisting of a 59,425 square feet building situated on 4.78
acres located in White Bear Lake, MN. Subsequent to fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2016, the Company sold its only vacant building
for $4,272,000 which increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%. 

Table of Contents    

Fiscal 2016 renewals   

Approximately 2% of the
Company s gross leasable area, consisting of three leases totaling 325,656 square feet, was scheduled to expire during fiscal
2016. The Company has renewed all three leases, resulting in a 100% tenant retention rate for fiscal 2016. The Company s
tenant retention rate in fiscal 2015 was also 100%. For two of the three leases that were scheduled to expire during fiscal 2016,
the Company did not incur any tenant improvement costs or any leasing costs. For the other lease renewal, the Company incurred
or expects to incur tenant improvement costs of approximately $210,000 and leasing costs of approximately $133,000. The table
below summarizes the lease terms of the three leases which were renewed and includes both the tenant improvement costs and the
leasing costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged over the renewal term. 

(1)  
      Amount
    calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term.   

The three lease renewals
resulted in a weighted average term of 4.1 years and a U.S. GAAP straight-line weighted average lease rate of $4.20 per square
foot. The renewed weighted average initial cash rent per square foot is $4.04. This compares to the former weighted average rent
of $3.99 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and the former weighted average cash rent of $4.13 per square foot,
representing an increase in the weighted average lease rate of 5.3% on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and a decrease in the weighted
average lease rate of 2.2% on a cash basis. 

During September 2015,
the Company entered into a 5.25 year lease agreement for its previously vacant 148,000 square foot building located in Fayetteville,
NC through February 28, 2021. The lease commenced December 1, 2015 and is with Victory Packaging, L.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation, a publicly-owned company. The initial annual rent of $469,160, representing $3.17
per square foot, commenced on March 1, 2016 with 2.5% annual increases thereafter. 

During October 2015, the
Company entered into a 5.25 year lease agreement for its previously vacant 106,507 square foot building located in Winston-Salem,
NC through March 31, 2021. The lease is with Style Crest, Inc. and commenced on January 1, 2016. Initial annual rent of $356,798,
representing $3.35 per square foot, commenced on April 1, 2016 with 3.0% annual increases thereafter. 

Table of Contents    

Fiscal 2017 renewals   

In fiscal 2017, approximately
10% of our gross leasable area, representing thirteen leases totaling 1,539,526 square feet, is set to expire. As of the date
of this Annual Report, five of the thirteen leases have renewed. One of the five leases, (which is with FedEx Ground Package System,
Inc. for a property located in Ft. Myers, FL), has renewed for only eight months because the tenant plans to move its operations
from our 87,500 square foot facility to a newly constructed facility, which is also located in Ft. Myers, FL. Once the construction
is complete, the Company is under contract to purchase this new facility, consisting of approximately 213,500 square feet, subject
to satisfactory completion of due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements. In addition, once the construction
is complete, this brand new facility will be leased for 10 years. Excluding the eight month lease renewal at the Ft. Myers, FL
location, the four leases that have renewed thus far represent 500,722 square feet, or 33% of the expiring square footage, and
have a weighted average lease term of 8.0 years. 

The Company has incurred
or expects to incur tenant improvement costs of approximately $1,928,000 and leasing costs of approximately $587,000 in connection
with four of the five lease renewals. The table below summarizes the lease terms of the five leases which were renewed and includes
both the tenant improvement costs and the leasing costs, which are presented on a per square foot (PSF) basis averaged over the
renewal term. 

(1)  
      Amount
    calculated based on the total cost divided by the square feet, divided by the renewal term.   

(2)  
      Total
    and Weighted Average amounts exclude the Ft. Myers, FL property.   

Excluding the eight-month
lease renewal at the Ft. Myers, FL location, the remaining four lease renewals results in a weighted average term of 8.0 years
and a U.S. GAAP straight-line weighted average lease rate of $5.33 per square foot. The renewed weighted average initial cash
rent per square foot is $5.07. This compares to the former weighted average rent of $5.13 per square foot on a U.S. GAAP straight-line
basis and the former weighted average cash rent of $5.29 per square foot, representing an increase in the weighted average lease
rate of 3.9% on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis and a decrease in the weighted average lease rate of 4.2% on a cash basis. The
eight remaining leases that are set to expire during fiscal 2017 are under discussion. 

Acquisitions and Expansions During Fiscal
2016  

Acquisitions   

On November 13, 2015,
the Company purchased a newly constructed 330,717 square foot industrial building located in Concord, NC, which is in the Charlotte
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through July 2025. The purchase price
was $31,975,897. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $20,780,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.87%. Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,078,000. In connection with the acquisition, the
Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

Table of Contents    

On December 2, 2015, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 175,315 square foot industrial building located in Covington, LA, which is in the New Orleans
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through June 2025. The purchase price
was $18,410,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $12,890,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.08%. Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $1,258,000. In connection with the acquisition, the
Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

On March 8, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 125,860 square foot industrial building located in Imperial, PA, which is in the Pittsburgh
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to General Electric Company (GE) for ten years through December 2025. The purchase price
was $20,032,864. The Company obtained a 14 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $13,000,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.63%. Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $1,311,000. In connection with the acquisition, the
Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $82,864 to an Intangible
Asset associated with the lease in-place. 

On April 8, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 210,445 square foot industrial building located in Burlington, WA, which is in the Seattle/Everett
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through August 2030. The purchase
price was $30,662,080. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $20,221,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.67%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $1,962,000.  In
connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the
Company allocated $451,400 to an Intangible Asset associated with the lease in-place.  

On June 9, 2016, the Company
purchased a newly constructed 225,362 square foot industrial building located in Colorado Springs, CO. The building is 100% net-leased
to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through January 2026. The purchase price was $28,845,500. The Company obtained
a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $18,730,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.90%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining
term of the lease averages approximately $1,832,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation
of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $345,500 to an Intangible Asset associated with the
lease in-place. 

On June 30, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 137,500 square foot industrial building located in Louisville, KY. The building is 100%
net-leased to Challenger Lifts, Inc., a subsidiary of Snap-on Incorporated ( Snap-on ), for ten years through June
2026. The lease is guaranteed by Snap-on. The purchase price was $11,304,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing
mortgage of $7,350,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.74%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages
approximately $835,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result
of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

On August 19, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 310,922 square foot industrial building located in Davenport, FL, which is in the Orlando
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through April 2031. The purchase price
was $37,780,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $26,400,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.89%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,604,000. In connection with the acquisition,
the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

On August 26, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 313,763 square foot industrial building located in Olathe, KS, which is in the Kansas City
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through May 2031. The purchase price
was $31,737,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $22,215,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.96%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,196,000. In connection with the acquisition,
the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

Table of Contents    

Expansions   

On July 29, 2016, a 246,434
square foot expansion of a building leased to Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation ( Milwaukee Tool ) located in Olive
Branch, MS, which is located in the Memphis, TN MSA, was completed for a cost of approximately $9,785,000. This resulted in a
new 12 year lease which extended the original lease expiration date from April 2023 through July 2028 and increased the building
size from 615,455 to 861,889 square feet. In addition, the expansion resulted in an initial increase in annual rent effective
on the date of completion of approximately $847,000 from approximately $1,943,000, or $3.16 per square foot, to approximately
$2,790,000, or $3.24 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent will increase each year by 1.5% resulting in an annualized rent
over the new twelve year period of approximately $3,020,000, or $3.50 per square foot. In September 2016, in connection with the
expansion, the Company refinanced its prior 3.76% interest rate mortgage with its existing lender of this property. At the time
of the refinancing, the prior amortizing loan was approximately $13,158,000 and was set to mature in January 2023. The new loan
is a 12 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $25,000,000 and will mature in October 2028. The interest rate of the new loan remained
the same as the prior loan at a fixed interest rate of 3.76%. 

On August 1, 2016, a parking
lot expansion for a property leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Tampa, FL was completed for a cost of approximately
$1,303,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from June 2024 through July 2026.
In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $131,000
from approximately $1,493,000, or $8.74 per square foot to approximately $1,624,000, or $9.51 per square foot. 

On August 1, 2016, a 14,941
square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Huntsville, AL was completed for a
cost of approximately $1,925,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from August
2022 through July 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion
of approximately $193,000 from approximately $412,000, or $5.59 per square foot, to approximately $605,000 or $6.82 per square
foot. 

Comparison of Year Ended September 30,
2016 to Year Ended September 30, 2015  

The following tables summarize
the Company s rental revenue, reimbursement revenue, real estate taxes, operating expenses, and depreciation expense by
category. For the purposes of the following discussion, same properties are properties owned as of October 1, 2014 that have not
been subsequently expanded or sold. 

Acquired properties are
properties that were acquired subsequent to September 30, 2014. Eighteen properties were acquired during fiscal 2016 and fiscal
2015. Acquired properties include the properties located in Lindale (Tyler), TX; Sauget (St. Louis, MO), IL; Rockford, IL; Kansas
City, MO; Frankfort (Lexington), KY; Jacksonville, FL; Monroe (Cincinnati), OH; Greenwood (Indianapolis), IN; Fort Worth (Dallas),
TX and Cincinnati, OH (all acquired in fiscal 2015) and Concord (Charlotte), NC; Covington (New Orleans), LA; Imperial (Pittsburgh),
PA; Burlington (Seattle/Everett), WA; Colorado Springs, CO; Louisville, KY; Davenport (Orlando), FL and Olathe (Kansas City),
KS (all acquired in fiscal 2016). 

Seven property expansions
were completed during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. Expanded properties include the properties located in El Paso, TX; Huntsville,
AL; Monaca (Pittsburgh), PA (NF  Oklahoma City, OK; Olive Branch (Memphis, TN), MS; Tampa, FL (FedEx Ground); and Waco,
TX. 

Sold property consists
of one property located in Monroe, NC that was sold on September 18, 2015. 

Table of Contents    

As of September 30, 2016
and 2015, the occupancy rates of the Company s total property portfolio were 99.6% and 97.7%, respectively. Subsequent to
fiscal yearend, on October 27, 2016, the Company sold its only vacant building for $4,272,000 which increased our occupancy rate
to 100.0%. 

The increase in rental
revenues is mainly due to the increase from the newly acquired properties and expanded properties. Rental revenue from same properties
increased due to the increase in same properties occupancy which increased 280 basis points from 96.6% as of September 30, 2015
to 99.4% as of September 30, 2016. In addition, the rental revenue from same properties increased due to an increase in rental
rates for the renewed leases as described in the lease renewals and extensions table during fiscal 2016. 

Our single tenant properties
are subject to net leases which require the tenants to absorb the real estate taxes, insurance and the majority of the repairs
and maintenance. As such, the Company is reimbursed by the tenants for these expenses. Therefore, the total increase in reimbursement
revenues is partially offset by the increase in real estate taxes, increase in insurance expense and increase in operating expenses.
In addition, the increase in reimbursement revenues for same properties is partially due to the increase in same properties occupancy
which enabled us to be reimbursed by our tenants for these expenses on properties that were previously vacant. Same properties
occupancy increased 280 basis points from 96.6% as of September 30, 2015 to 99.4% as of September 30, 2016. The increase in reimbursement
revenues is mainly due to increases in real estate taxes, insurance expenses and operating expenses from the newly acquired properties. 

The increase in real estate
taxes is mainly due to the newly acquired properties as well as increased assessment values on expanded properties. 

Table of Contents    

The increase in operating
expenses is mainly due to the newly acquired properties. 

The increase in NOI is
mainly due to the newly acquired properties and expanded properties. 

The increase in depreciation
expense is mainly due to the newly acquired properties. Depreciation expense from same properties and expanded properties increased
mainly due to additional tenant improvements being depreciated within fiscal 2016. 

The increase in interest
expense is mainly due to the acquisition of new properties. Interest expense for same properties decreased mainly due to the decrease
in the outstanding balances of the mortgages and the reduction in the weighted average interest rate. The reduction in the outstanding
mortgages balance is due to the payoff of four loans during fiscal 2016 totaling $14,739,654 and regularly scheduled principal
amortization payments made during fiscal 2016. The weighted average interest rate on the Company s fixed rate debt as of
September 30, 2016 was 4.48% as compared to 4.85% as of September 30, 2015. Loans payable interest expense increased due to the
higher weighted average Loans Payable balance maintained during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. 

Acquisition Costs  

Acquisition costs that
were expensed in the Consolidated Statement of Income decreased $815,647, or 53% during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.
Eight properties totaling approximately $210,747,000 were acquired during fiscal 2016 as compared to ten properties totaling approximately
$191,985,000 that were acquired during fiscal 2015. The decrease in Acquisition Costs during fiscal 2016 was primarily due to
a broker fee of approximately $373,600 incurred for the purchase of one acquisition acquired during fiscal 2015 and also due to
the higher number of properties acquired during fiscal 2015 as compared to the number of properties purchased during fiscal 2016. 

Table of Contents    

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses increased $1,630,196, or 26%, during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. The increase in fiscal 2016 was partially
due to a one-time $400,000 cash signing bonus granted to the President and Chief Executive Officer in accordance with his amended
employment agreement during fiscal 2016 and due to a one-time $100,000 severance payment made to a former employee during fiscal
2016. Additionally, during fiscal 2016, the Founder and Chairman of the Board was granted a discretionary award of 40,000 shares
of restricted stock which will vest in equal annual installments over the next five years and has a grant date fair value of $13.64
per share, for a total grant date fair value of $545,600. Since the Founder and Chairman of the Board is of retirement age, the
entire fair value of the grant was fully expensed at grant date. Furthermore, the amended employment agreements for the Founder
and Chairman of the Board, as well as for the President and Chief Executive Officer, each includes certain performance goals that,
once met, entitle them to receive annual cash bonuses. Certain levels of each performance goal were met during fiscal 2016, resulting
in $345,000 of bonuses being accrued and expensed as of September 30, 2016. The remaining increase was primarily due to an increase
in all employees  wage rates. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of gross revenue, (which includes Rental
Revenue, Reimbursement Revenue and Dividend and Interest Income), remains in-line, at 8% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015. General
and administrative expenses, as a percentage of undepreciated assets, (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated
depreciation), remains in-line, at 58 basis points and 61 basis points for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Amortization of Financing Costs   

Amortization of financing
costs decreased $169,778, or 13%, during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. During fiscal 2016, unamortized deferred loan
costs were written off totaling $167,531 of which $160,124 was associated with one loan that was refinanced and $7,407 was associated
with two loans that were paid off prior to maturity. This compares with unamortized deferred loan costs that were written off
during fiscal 2015 totaling $479,674 of which $152,050 was associated with three loans that were repaid prior to maturity and
$327,624 was associated with the repayment of the former line of credit facility prior to its maturity. The decrease in deferred
loan costs written off in fiscal 2016 was partially offset by the increase in normal amortization expensed during fiscal 2016. 

Dividend and Interest Income  

Dividend and Interest
Income increased $1,892,525, or 51%, during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. This is mainly due to the higher average carrying
value of the REIT securities portfolio during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 compared to during the fiscal year September
30, 2015. The REIT securities portfolio weighted average yield for fiscal 2016 was approximately 8.0% as compared to 7.6% for
fiscal 2015. 

Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment  

Gain on sale of real estate
investment for fiscal 2015 represents the gain recognized from the sale of the Company s 160,000 square foot industrial
building located in Monroe, NC for $9,000,000, with net sale proceeds to the Company of approximately $8,847,000. The property
was sold to Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company, the tenant that was leasing the property from the Company through July 31, 2017
at an annual rental rate of approximately $571,000. The Company purchased this property in 2001 and it had a historic cost basis
of approximately $5,557,000 and a net book value (net of accumulated depreciation) of approximately $3,825,000. Under U.S. GAAP,
the sale resulted in a realized gain of $5,021,242, representing a 131% gain over the depreciated U.S. GAAP basis and a realized
gain on a historic cost of approximately $3,290,000, representing a 59% gain over the Company s historic cost basis. There
were no sales of real estate investments during fiscal 2016. 

Table of Contents    

Realized Gain on Sales of Securities Transactions,
net  

Realized gain on sales
of securities transactions, net consisted of the following: 

The Company had an accumulated
net unrealized gain on its securities portfolio of $12,942,267 as of September 30, 2016. 

Comparison of Year Ended September 30,
2015 to Year Ended September 30, 2014  

The following tables summarize
the Company s rental revenue, reimbursement revenue, real estate taxes, operating expenses, and depreciation expense by
category. For the purposes of the following discussion, same properties are properties owned as of October 1, 2013 that have not
been subsequently expanded or sold. 

Acquired properties are
properties that were acquired subsequent to September 30, 2013. Sixteen properties were acquired during fiscal 2015 and fiscal
2014. Acquired properties include the properties located in Buckner (Louisville), KY; Edwardsville (Kansas City), KS; Spring (Houston),
TX; Altoona, PA; Tulsa, OK and Indianapolis, IN, (all acquired in fiscal 2014) and Lindale (Tyler), TX; Sauget (St. Louis, MO),
IL; Rockford, IL; Kansas City, MO; Frankfort (Lexington), KY; Jacksonville, FL; Monroe (Cincinnati), OH; Greenwood (Indianapolis),
IN; Fort Worth (Dallas), TX and Cincinnati, OH (all acquired in fiscal 2015). 

Nine property expansions
were completed during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. Expanded properties include the properties located in Ft. Mill (Charlotte,
NC), SC; Richfield (Cleveland), OH; El Paso, TX; Tampa, FL (FedEx Ground); Cocoa, FL, Monaca (Pittsburgh), PA (NF  Oklahoma
City, OK and Waco, TX. In addition, the property located in Spring (Houston), TX was expanded, however its activity is included
in Acquired properties. 

Sold property consists
of one property located in Monroe, NC that was sold on September 18, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2015
and 2014, the occupancy rates of the Company s total property portfolio were 97.7% and 95.9%, respectively. 

Table of Contents    

The increase in rental
revenues is mainly due to the increase from the newly acquired properties and expanded properties. Rental revenue from same properties
increased due to the increase in same properties occupancy which increased 160 basis points from 94.5% as of September 30, 2014
to 96.1% as of September 30, 2015. In addition, the rental revenue from same properties increased due to an increase in rental
rates for the renewed leases as described in the lease renewals and extensions table during fiscal 2015. The rental revenue from
the sold property increased because the property was vacant prior to August 2014. 

Our single tenant properties
are subject to net leases which require the tenants to absorb the real estate taxes, insurance and the majority of the repairs
and maintenance. As such, the Company is reimbursed by the tenants for these expenses. Therefore, the total increase in reimbursement
revenues is partially offset by the increase in real estate taxes, increase in insurance expense and increase in operating expenses.
In addition, the increase in reimbursement revenues for same properties is partially due to the increase in same properties occupancy
which enabled us to be reimbursed by our tenants for these expenses on properties that were previously vacant. Same properties
occupancy increased 160 basis points from 94.5% as of September 30, 2014 to 96.1% as of September 30, 2015. The increase in reimbursement
revenues is mainly due to increases in real estate taxes, insurance expenses and operating expenses from the newly acquired properties. 

The increase in real estate
taxes is mainly due to the newly acquired properties as well as increased assessment values on expanded properties. 

The increase in operating
expenses is mainly due to the newly acquired properties. 

Table of Contents    

The increase in NOI is
mainly due to the newly acquired properties and expanded properties. 

The increase in depreciation
expense is mainly due to the newly acquired properties. Depreciation expense from same properties and expanded properties increased
mainly due to additional tenant improvements being depreciated within fiscal 2015. 

The increase in interest
expense is mainly due to the acquisition of new properties. Interest expense for same properties decreased mainly due to the decrease
in the outstanding balances of the mortgages and the reduction in the weighted average interest rate. The reduction in the outstanding
mortgages balance is due to the payoff of five loans during fiscal 2015 totaling $11,176,087 and regularly scheduled principal
amortization payments made during fiscal 2015. The weighted average interest rate on the Company s fixed rate debt as of
September 30, 2015 was 4.85% as compared to 5.24% as of September 30, 2014. Loans payable interest expense increased due to the
higher weighted average Loans Payable balance maintained during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. 

Acquisition Costs  

Acquisition costs that
were expensed in the Consolidated Statement of Income increased $1,064,208, or 221% during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
The increase is due to the increase in acquisitions during fiscal 2015. Ten properties totaling approximately $191,985,000 were
acquired during fiscal 2015 as compared to six properties totaling approximately $97,807,000 that were acquired during fiscal
2014. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses increased $595,991, or 10%, during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The increase is mainly due to an increase
in compensation expense and additional personnel. 

Amortization of Financing Costs   

Amortization of financing
costs increased $560,271, or 77%, during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The increase is mainly due to the write off of
the unamortized deferred loan costs totaling $479,674, of which $152,050 was associated with three loans that were repaid prior
to maturity and $327,624 was associated with the repayment of the former line of credit facility prior to its maturity. 

Table of Contents    

Dividend and Interest Income  

Dividend and Interest
Income for fiscal 2015 was $3,723,867 which is in-line with Dividend and Interest Income of $3,882,597 for fiscal 2014. This is
mainly due to the relatively same average carrying value of the REIT securities portfolio during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2015 compared to during the fiscal year September 30, 2014. The REIT securities portfolio weighted average yield for fiscal
2015 was approximately 7.6% as compared to 7.4% for fiscal 2014. 

Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investment  

Gain on sale of real estate
investment for fiscal 2015 represents the gain recognized from the sale of the Company s 160,000 square foot industrial
building located in Monroe, NC for $9,000,000, with net sale proceeds to the Company of approximately $8,847,000. The property
was sold to Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company, the tenant that was leasing the property from the Company through July 31, 2017
at an annual rental rate of approximately $571,000. The Company purchased this property in 2001 and it had a historic cost basis
of approximately $5,557,000 and a net book value (net of accumulated depreciation) of approximately $3,825,000. Under U.S. GAAP,
the sale resulted in a realized gain of $5,021,242, representing a 131% gain over the depreciated U.S. GAAP basis and a realized
gain on a historic cost of approximately $3,290,000, representing a 59% gain over the Company s historic cost basis. There
were no sales of real estate investments during fiscal 2014. 

Realized Gain on Sales of Securities Transactions,
net  

Realized gain on sales
of securities transactions, net consisted of the following: 

The Company had an accumulated
net unrealized loss on its securities portfolio of $5,441,603 as of September 30, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Company has not entered
into any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following is a summary
of the Company s contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

Table of Contents    

Mortgage notes payable
represents the principal amounts outstanding by scheduled maturity as of September 30, 2016. Interest is payable on these mortgages
at fixed rates ranging from 3.45% to 7.60%, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.48%. As of September 30, 2016, the weighted
average loan maturity of the mortgage notes payable is 10.5 years. This compares to a weighted average interest rate of 4.85%
as of September 30, 2015 and a weighted average loan maturity of the mortgage notes payable of 9.0 years as of September 30, 2015.
The above table does not include a fifteen year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $23,500,000 obtained in connection with the
purchase of one property for $35,100,000 subsequent to the fiscal yearend at a fixed interest rate of 4.03%. In addition, the
above table does not include commitments the Company has entered into to obtain five mortgage loans totaling $101,204,000 at fixed
interest rates ranging from 3.60% to 4.20%, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%. Each of these five mortgage loan commitments
are in connection with commitments to purchase five properties, currently under construction, totaling approximately $153,726,000.
Each of these five mortgages will be a fifteen year, fully-amortizing loan. 

Loans Payable represents
a $2,284,633 term loan at an annual interest rate of 4.90%, which was paid in full on October 28, 2016, a $2,506,051 term loan
at a variable annual interest rate of prime plus 0.75% with a floor of 4.50%, maturing on March 9, 2017, and the draw on our Facility
of $76,000,000 as of September 30, 2016. The interest rate on the $2,506,051 term loan was 4.50% as of September 30, 2016. 

On September 30, 2016,
the Company entered into a first amendment to its existing $130,000,000 Facility to exercise its existing $70,000,000 accordion
feature (the Amendment), increasing the Facility to $200,000,000. The Amendment also adds an additional $100,000,000 accordion
feature, bringing the total potential availability up to $300,000,000, subject to certain conditions. In addition, the amendment
extended the maturity date, which was set to mature in August 2019 to now mature in September 2020 and has a one-year extension
option, at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions. Availability under the Facility, through December 31, 2016,
is limited to 70% of the value of the borrowing base properties, and is limited to 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties
thereafter. The value of the borrowing base properties is determined by applying a 7.0% capitalization rate to the net operating
income generated by the Company s unencumbered, wholly-owned industrial properties. Borrowings under the Facility, up to
the first 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties, will, at the Company s election, either i) bear interest at
LIBOR plus 140 basis points to 220 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage ratio, or ii) bear interest at BMO s
prime lending rate plus 40 basis points to 120 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage ratio. The Company s
borrowings as of September 30, 2016 were less than 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties and based on the Company s
leverage ratio as of September 30, 2016, borrowings under the Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 150 basis points which was
at an interest rate of 2.03% as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $76,000,000 was drawn down. 

The contractual obligation
for interest on Loans Payable amount is determined using an interest rate of 4.50% for the $2,506,051 term loan, 4.90% for the
$2,284,633 term loan and 2.03% on the $76,000,000 unsecured line of credit facility. In addition, the above table does not include
the Company s obligation under its available margin loan, for which no amount was outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Purchase of properties
represents commitments the Company has entered into to purchase nine industrial properties totaling approximately 2,438,000 square
feet. One acquisition amounting to $35,100,000 and totaling approximately 339,000 square feet was completed subsequent to the
fiscal yearend. The Company expects to close on the remaining eight properties amounting to approximately $212,373,000 and totaling
approximately 2,099,000 square feet during the remainder of fiscal 2017 and 2018, subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence
and other customary closing conditions and requirements. 

Expansions of existing
properties represents the remaining costs expected to be incurred as of September 30, 2016 in connection with a 50,741 square
foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Edinburg, TX that was substantially completed
on October 1, 2016 for a total project cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior
lease expiration date from September 2021 through September 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual
rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $499,000 from approximately $598,000, or $5.27 per square foot, to
approximately $1,097,000, or $6.68 per square foot. 

Table of Contents    

Retirement Benefits of
$700,000 represent the total future amount to be paid, on an undiscounted basis, relating to one executive officer, Mr. Eugene
W. Landy, the Founder and Chairman of the Board of the Company. These benefits are based upon a specific employment agreement.
The agreement does not require the Company to separately fund the obligation and therefore will be paid from the general assets
of the Company. The Company has accrued these benefits on a present value basis over the term of the employment agreement. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company operates as
a real estate investment trust deriving its income primarily from real estate rental operations. The Company s shareholders 
equity increased from $446,010,640 as of September 30, 2015 to $597,858,098 as of September 30, 2016, due the issuance of 6,515,750
shares of common stock in the amount of $72,175,797 through the DRIP, stock compensation expense of $926,465, exercise of stock
options consisting of 245,000 shares for total proceeds of $1,883,300, net income attributable to common shareholders of $20,531,888,
the issuance of 5,400,000 shares issued in connection with an underwritten public offering of its 6.125% Series C Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock, net of offering costs in the amount of $130,543,422 and net change in unrealized gain on investments of $18,383,870.
The increases were partially offset by payments of cash distributions paid to common shareholders of $42,034,183 and by the reclassification
from shareholders  equity to a liability of the Company s 7.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock that
was called for redemption and was redeemed on October 14, 2016 in the amount, net of redemption costs, of $50,563,101. See further
discussion below. 

The Company s ability
to generate cash adequate to meet its needs is dependent primarily on income from its real estate investments and its securities
portfolio, the sale of real estate investments and securities, refinancing of mortgage debt, leveraging of real estate investments,
availability of bank borrowings, proceeds from the DRIP, proceeds from public offerings and private placements, and access to
the capital markets. Purchases of new properties, payments of expenses related to real estate operations, capital improvement
programs, debt service, general and administrative expenses, and distribution requirements place demands on the Company s
liquidity. 

The Company intends to
operate its properties from the cash flows generated by the properties. However, the Company s expenses are affected by
various factors, including inflation. Increases in operating expenses are predominantly born by the tenant. To the extent that
these increases cannot be passed on through rent reimbursements, these increases will reduce the amount of available cash flow
which can adversely affect the market value of the property. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had $95,749,508 in cash and cash equivalents and $73,604,894 in marketable securities subject to term loans of $4,790,684.
In addition, as of September 30, 2016, the Company also had $124,000,000 available on its Facility. The Facility provides for
up to $200,000,000 in available borrowings with a $100,000,000 accordion feature, bringing the total potential availability up
to $300,000,000, subject to certain conditions. 

The Company has been raising
equity capital through its DRIP, registered direct placements and the public sale of common and preferred stock and investing
in net-leased industrial properties. The Company believes that funds generated from operations, the DRIP, and bank borrowings,
together with the ability to finance and refinance its properties, will provide sufficient funds to adequately meet its obligations
over the next few years. 

Table of Contents    

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company owned ninety-nine properties of which sixty-four are subject to mortgages. On August 27, 2015, the Company replaced
its prior $60,000,000 unsecured revolving line of credit with the Facility. The Facility is syndicated with three banks led by
BMO Capital Markets ( BMO ), as sole lead arranger, sole book runner, and Bank of Montreal as administrative agent,
and includes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ( J.P. Morgan ) and RBC Capital Markets ( RBC ) as co-syndication
agents. The Facility provided for up to $130,000,000 in available borrowings with a $70,000,000 accordion feature, bringing the
total potential availability up to $200,000,000, subject to certain conditions. The Facility was set to mature in August 2019
and had a one-year extension option, at the option of the Company. On September 30, 2016, the Company entered the Amendment pursuant
to which the Company exercised the $70,000,000 accordion feature under the Facility, bringing the maximum availability under the
Facility to $200,000,000, and amended the Facility to provide an additional $100,000,000 accordion feature, bringing the total
potential availability up to $300,000,000, subject to certain conditions, including, without limitation, obtaining commitments
from additional lenders. In addition, the Amendment extended the maturity date of the Facility from August 27, 2019 to September
30, 2020, with a one-year extension option, at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions. Availability under the
Facility, through December 31, 2016, is limited to 70% of the value of the borrowing base properties, and is limited to 60% of
the value of the borrowing base properties thereafter. The value of the borrowing base properties is determined by applying a
7.0% capitalization rate to the net operating income generated by the Company s unencumbered, wholly-owned industrial properties.
Borrowings under the Facility, up to the first 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties, will, at the Company s
election, either i) bear interest at LIBOR plus 140 basis points to 220 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage
ratio, or ii) bear interest at BMO s prime lending rate plus 40 basis points to 120 basis points, depending on the Company s
leverage ratio. The Company s borrowings as of September 30, 2016 were less than 60% of the value of the borrowing base
properties, and based on the Company s leverage ratio as of September 30, 2016, borrowings under the Facility bear interest
at LIBOR plus 150 basis points which was at an interest rate of 2.03% as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $76,000,000
was drawn down under the Facility. 

In addition, as of September
30, 2016, the Company had Loans Payable of $4,790,684, which consisted of a $2,506,051 term loan at a variable annual interest
rate of prime plus 0.75% with a floor of 4.50%, maturing on March 9, 2017 which is secured by 500,000 shares of UMH common stock
from The Bank of Princeton and a $2,284,633 term loan at an annual interest rate of 4.90% which is secured by 200,000 shares UMH
8.25% Series A preferred stock from Two River Community Bank. The Two River Community Bank term loan was paid in full on October
28, 2016. 

The Company also uses
margin loans from time to time for purchasing securities, for temporary funding of acquisitions, and for working capital purposes.
The interest rate charged on the margin loans is the bank s margin rate and was 2.00% as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.
The margin loans are due on demand and are collateralized by the Company s securities portfolio. The Company must maintain
a coverage ratio of approximately 50%. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no amounts outstanding under the margin loans. 

The Company s focus
is on real estate investments. The Company has historically financed purchases of real estate primarily through mortgages. 

During fiscal 2016, the
Company purchased eight industrial properties totaling approximately 1,830,000 square feet with net-leased terms ranging from
ten to fifteen years, resulting in a weighted average lease maturity of 12.3 years. Approximately 1,567,000 square feet, or 86%,
is leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc., a subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (FDX). The purchase price for the eight properties
was approximately $210,747,000 and they are located in Colorado, Florida, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, North Carolina, Pennsylvania
and Washington. These eight properties generate annualized rental income over the life of their leases of approximately $14,076,000.
The funds for these eight acquisitions were provided by eight property level mortgage loans totaling $141,586,000, draws the Facility
and cash on hand. The eight mortgages have a weighted average interest rate of 3.85% and a weighted average maturity of 14.9 years. 

Table of Contents    

Subsequent to the fiscal
yearend, on October 17, 2016, the Company purchased a newly constructed 338,584 square foot industrial building located in Hamburg,
NY, which is in the Buffalo MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through
March 2031. The purchase price was $35,100,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $23,500,000 at
a fixed interest rate of 4.03%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,308,000. 

In addition, subsequent
to the fiscal yearend, on October 1, 2016, a 50,741 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System,
Inc. located in Edinburg, TX was substantially completed for a cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease
which extended the prior lease expiration date from September 2021 through September 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted
in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $499,000 from approximately $598,000, or
$5.27 per square foot, to approximately $1,097,000, or $6.68 per square foot. 

On October 27, 2016, the
Company sold its only vacant building (which increased our occupancy rate from 99.6% to 100.0%) consisting of a 59,425 square
foot industrial building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN for approximately $4,272,000, which is the Company s
approximate U.S. GAAP net book carrying value. 

The industrial properties
purchased, expanded and sold during fiscal 2017 to date, increased our current total leasable square feet to approximately 16,340,000
and increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%. 

In addition to the property
purchased subsequent to the fiscal yearend, we have entered into agreements to purchase eight new build-to-suit, industrial buildings
that are currently being developed in Florida, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio and South Carolina totaling approximately 2,099,000
square feet, each with net-leased terms ranging between ten to fifteen years with a weighted average lease maturity of 13.3 years.
Approximately 1,267,000 square feet, or 60%, is leased to FDX and its subsidiaries. The purchase price for the eight properties
is approximately $212,373,000. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing conditions and requirements,
we anticipate closing these eight transactions during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. In connection with five of the eight properties,
the Company has entered into commitments to obtain five mortgages totaling $101,204,000 at fixed rates ranging from 3.60% to 4.20%,
with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%. Each of these mortgages will be a fifteen year, fully-amortizing loan. The Company
may make additional acquisitions in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 and the funds for these acquisitions may come from mortgages,
draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, cash on hand, sale of marketable securities, other bank borrowings, proceeds from
the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), private placements and public offerings of additional common or preferred
stock or other securities. To the extent that funds or appropriate properties are not available, fewer acquisitions will be made. 

The Company also invests
in marketable securities of other REITs as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available,
for liquidity, and for additional income. The Company generally limits its marketable securities investments to no more than approximately
10% of its undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). The Company from
time to time may purchase these securities on margin when there is an adequate yield spread. During fiscal 2016, the Company s
securities portfolio increased $19,063,657, due to the increase in the net unrealized gain of $18,383,870 and purchases of $19,055,956
offset by the sale of securities with a cost of $18,376,169. The Company recognized gains on sales of securities of $4,398,599
in addition to earning Dividend and Interest Income of $5,616,392 during fiscal 2016. There was no margin loan balance as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Cash flows provided by
operating activities were $54,699,500, $38,062,285 and $34,856,285 for fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The increase in cash flows provided from operating activities from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016 and from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015
is due to the increased income generated from acquisitions of properties and expanded operations. 

Cash flows used in investing
activities were $227,845,089, $194,469,735 and $131,809,697 for fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2016 increased as compared to 2015 due mainly to an increase in the purchase
of real estate and capital and land site improvements. Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2015 increased as compared
to 2014 due mainly to an increase in purchase of real estate. 

Table of Contents    

Cash flows provided by
financing activities were $256,821,188, $148,006,698 and $105,023,561 for fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. Cash flows from financing activities increased in fiscal 2016 as compared to 2015 due mainly to an increase in proceeds
from mortgage loans in the amount of $44,412,942 and the proceeds from the issuance of 5,400,000 shares of 6.125% Series C Cumulative
Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series C Preferred Stock) with net proceeds of $130,543,422. Cash flows from financing activities
increased in fiscal 2015 as compared to 2014 due mainly to an increase in proceeds from mortgage loans in the amount of $59,268,058
and net draws on the line of credit facility of $60,000,000. In addition, the Company paid cash dividends (net of reinvestments),
of $33,665,037, $27,032,958 and $21,906,902 for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had total assets of $1,229,758,028 and liabilities of $631,899,930. The Company s total debt to total market
capitalization as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately 34% and 39%, respectively. The Company s net debt (net
of cash and cash equivalents) to total market capitalization as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately 29% and 38%,
respectively. The Company s net debt, less securities (net of cash and cash equivalents and net of securities) to total
market capitalization as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately 25% and 33%, respectively. The Company believes that
it has the ability to meet its obligations and to generate funds for new investments. 

The Company has a Dividend
Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), in which participants can purchase stock from the Company at a price of approximately
95% of market value. Amounts received in connection with the DRIP, (including dividend reinvestments of $8,369,146, $8,489,169
and $7,624,528 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively), were $72,175,797, $48,404,556 and
$38,090,334 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

During fiscal 2016, the
Company paid total distributions to holders of common stock of $42,034,183, or $0.64 per common share. Of the dividends paid,
$8,369,146 was reinvested pursuant to the terms of the DRIP. On October 1, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved
a 6.7% increase in the Company s quarterly common stock dividend, raising it to $0.16 per share from $0.15 per share. This
represents an annualized dividend rate of $0.64 per share. The Company has maintained or increased its cash dividend for twenty-five
consecutive years. The Company paid the distributions from cash flows from operations. Management anticipates maintaining the
annual dividend rate of $0.64 per common share although no assurances can be given since various economic factors may reduce the
amount of cash flow available to the Company for common dividends. All decisions with respect to the payment of dividends are
made by the Company s Board of Directors. 

During fiscal 2016, the
Company paid $8,607,032 in preferred stock dividends and accrued $413,438 of preferred stock dividends. 

On September 13, 2016,
the Company issued 5,400,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock at an offering price of $25.00 per share in an underwritten public
offering. The Company received net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering
expenses, of approximately $130,543,000. On September 15, 2016, the Company used $45,000,000 of such net proceeds from the offering
to reduce the amounts outstanding under its Facility and on October 14, 2016, the Company used $53,493,750 of such net proceeds
from the offering to redeem all of the 2,139,750 issued and outstanding shares of its 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock. In addition,
on October 14, 2016, the Company used $498,540 of such net proceeds from the offering to pay all dividends, accrued and unpaid,
to and including the redemption date of the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock. The Company intends to use the remaining proceeds
to reduce the amounts outstanding under its Facility and to purchase properties and fund expansions of its existing properties
in the ordinary course of business and for general corporate purposes. 

Table of Contents    

On September 14, 2016,
the Company announced that it intended to redeem all 2,139,750 issued and outstanding shares of its 7.625% Series A Preferred
Stock. As discussed above, the Company redeemed the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock on October 14, 2016 at a redemption price
of $25.00 per share, plus all dividends accrued and unpaid to and including the redemption date, in an amount equal to $0.23299
per share. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock has been reclassified out of stockholder's
equity and is reflected as a liability at redemption value and the Company has recognized a deemed dividend of $2,942,149 on the
Consolidated Statement of Income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which represents the difference between redemption
value and carrying value net of original deferred issuance costs. 

The Company is required
to pay cumulative dividends on its 7.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series B Preferred Stock) in the amount
of $1.96875 per share per year, which is equivalent to 7.875% of the $25.00 liquidation value per share. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company has a total of 2,300,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding, representing an aggregate liquidation preference
of $57,500,000. 

The Company is required
to pay cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock in the amount of $1.53125 per share per year, which is equivalent
to 6.125% of the $25.00 liquidation value per share. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has a total of 5,400,000 shares of
Series C Preferred Stock outstanding, representing an aggregate liquidation preference of $135,000,000. 

During the year ended
September 30, 2016, stock options to purchase 245,000 shares were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of $7.69 per
share for total proceeds of $1,883,300. 

On an ongoing basis, the
Company funds capital expenditures primarily to maintain its properties. These expenditures may also include expansions as requested
by tenants, or various tenant improvements on properties which are re-tenanted. The amounts of these expenditures can vary from
year to year depending on the age of the properties, tenant negotiations, market conditions and lease turnover. 

During the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company completed fifteen expansions at thirteen of its locations, consisting of
ten building expansions and five parking lot expansions. Two of the parking lot expansions included the purchase of additional
land. The ten building expansions resulted in approximately 699,000 additional square feet. Total costs for all fifteen property
expansions were approximately $52,474,000 and resulted in total increased annual rent of approximately $5,180,000. Fourteen completed
expansions resulted in a new ten year lease extension for each property that was expanded and one completed expansion resulted
in a new twelve year lease extension. In addition, subsequent to the fiscal yearend, on October 1, 2016, a 50,741 square foot
expansion of a building was completed for a cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended
the prior lease expiration date from September 2021 through September 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase
in annual rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $499,000 from approximately $598,000, to approximately $1,097,000. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted
changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective
for annual reporting periods, including interim reporting periods within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this standard may have on the consolidated financial
statements and the timing of adoption. 

Table of Contents    

In March 2016, FASB issued
ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which
relates to the accounting for employee share-based payments. ASU 2016-09 addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment award transactions, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities;
and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this standard
may have on the consolidated financial statements and the timing of adoption. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including
requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. The standard
requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application,
with an option to use certain transition relief. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this standard may have on the
consolidated financial statements and the timing of adoption. 

In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .
ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result
in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, requires public
business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes,
requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset,
and eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate
the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. These changes become effective
for the Company s fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact
of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements and has not determined the effects of this update on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows and disclosures at this time. 

In September 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 eliminates the
requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments. The new guidance requires that the
cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period
in which the adjustment is identified. ASU 2015-16 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-16 to have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Topic 835): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs .
ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance
for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. The amendments in ASU 2015-03 are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation
and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements , providing guidance regarding
the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. Given the absence of
authoritative guidance on this matter, the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs
as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement,
regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on that line-of-credit arrangement. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 will have on the Company s financial position
or results of operations. 

Table of Contents    

In February 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis . ASU 2015-02 focuses
to minimize situations under previously existing guidance in which a reporting entity was required to consolidate another legal
entity in which that reporting entity did not have: (1) the ability through contractual rights to act primarily on its own behalf;
(2) ownership of the majority of the legal entity s voting rights; or (3) the exposure to a majority of the legal entity s
economic benefits. ASU 2015-02 affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain
legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. ASU 2015-02 will be effective
for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company
does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-02 to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 7A   QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Market risk includes risks
that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes
that affect market-sensitive instruments. The primary market risk to which management believes the Company is exposed is interest
rate risk. The Company s future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon
prevalent market interest rates. Many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic
and political considerations and other factors that are beyond the Company s control contribute to interest rate risk. 

The Company is exposed
to interest rate changes primarily as a result of its unsecured line of credit facility, margin loans and long-term debt used
to maintain liquidity and fund capital expenditures and acquisitions of the Company s real estate investment portfolio.
The Company s interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and
cash flows and to lower its overall borrowing costs. To achieve its objectives, the Company matches its assets, which are properties
secured by long-term leases, with its liabilities, which are long term fixed rate loans. 

Approximately $486,033,000
of the Company s long-term debt as of September 30, 2016 bears a fixed weighted average interest rate of 4.49%. Therefore,
changes in market interest rates affect the fair value of these instruments. Based on the $76,000,000 drawn down on the Facility
as of September 30, 2016, if market rates of interest on the Company s variable rate debt increased or decreased by 1%,
then the annual increase or decrease in interest costs on the Company s variable rate debt would be approximately $760,000
and the increase or decrease in the fair value of the Company s fixed rate debt as of September 30, 2016 would be approximately
$19,000,000. 

Table of Contents    

The following table sets forth information
as of September 30, 2016, concerning the Company s long-term debt obligations, including principal payments by scheduled
maturity, weighted average interest rates and estimated fair value: 

On August 27, 2015, the
Company replaced its prior $60,000,000 unsecured revolving line of credit with the Facility. The Facility is syndicated with three
banks led by BMO, as sole lead arranger, sole book runner, and Bank of Montreal as administrative agent, and includes J.P. Morgan
and RBC as co-syndication agents. The Facility provided for up to $130,000,000 in available borrowings with a $70,000,000 accordion
feature, bringing the total potential availability up to $200,000,000, subject to certain conditions. The Facility was set to
mature in August 2019 and had a one-year extension option, at the option of the Company. On September 30, 2016, the Company entered
into the Amendment, pursuant to which the Company exercised the $70,000,000 accordion feature under the Facility, bringing the
maximum availability under the Facility to $200,000,000, and amended the Facility to provide an additional $100,000,000 accordion
feature, bringing the total potential availability up to $300,000,000, subject to certain conditions, without limitation, obtaining
commitments from additional lenders. In addition, the Amendment extended the maturity date of the Facility from August 27, 2019
to September 30, 2020, with a one-year extension option, at the option of the Company. Availability under the Facility, through
December 31, 2016, is limited to 70% of the value of the borrowing base properties, and is limited to 60% of the value of the
borrowing base properties thereafter. The value of the borrowing base properties is determined by applying a 7.0% capitalization
rate to the net operating income generated by the Company s unencumbered, wholly-owned industrial properties. Borrowings
under the Facility, up to the first 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties, will, at the Company s election,
either i) bear interest at LIBOR plus 140 basis points to 220 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage ratio, or
ii) bear interest at BMO s prime lending rate plus 40 basis points to 120 basis points, depending on the Company s
leverage ratio. The Company s current borrowings are less than 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties and based
on the Company s current leverage ratio, borrowings under the Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 150 basis points which
was at an interest rate of 2.03% as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $76,000,000 was drawn down under the Facility. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had two loans totaling $4,790,684 consisting of a $2,284,633 term loan, (which was paid in full on October 28, 2016)
at an annual interest rate of 4.90% and a $2,506,051 term loan maturing on March 9, 2017. Interest on this variable rate term
loan accrues at prime plus 0.75% with a floor of 4.50% and the interest rate at September 30, 2016 was 4.50%. 

The Company also invests
in marketable securities of other REITs and is primarily exposed to market price risk from adverse changes in market rates and
conditions. The Company generally limits its marketable securities investments to no more than approximately 10% of its undepreciated
assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). All securities are classified as available
for sale and are carried at fair value. 

Table of Contents    

The Company obtains margin
loans from time to time, which are secured by its marketable securities. There was no balance outstanding on the margin loan as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015. The interest rate on the margin account is the bank s margin rate and was 2.00% as of September
30, 2016 and 2015. In general, the Company may borrow up to 50% of the value of the marketable securities. The value of the marketable
securities was $73,604,894 as of September 30, 2016, representing 5.3% of the Company s undepreciated assets (which is the
Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

The financial statements
and supplementary data listed in Part IV, Item 15 (a) (1) are incorporated herein by reference and filed as part of this report. 

The following is the Unaudited Selected Quarterly
Financial Data: 

SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED 

Certain amounts in the
Selected Quarterly Financial Data for the prior quarters have been reclassified to conform to the financial statement presentation
for the current year. 

Table of Contents    

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

There were no changes
in, or any disagreements with, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on accounting principles and
practices or financial disclosure during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

ITEM 9A- CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES  

(a) Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

Management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial and
Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting   

Management of the Company
is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

Management assessed the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. This assessment was based on criteria for
effective internal control over financial reporting established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) (2013 framework). Based on this assessment,
management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30,
2016. 

PKF O Connor Davies,
LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued their report on their audit of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which is included herein. 

(c) Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm  

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation 

We have audited Monmouth Real Estate Investment
Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO )
(2013 framework). Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based upon
the assessed risk and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Table of Contents    

A company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, (3) receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (4) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Monmouth Real Estate Investment
Corporation maintained in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO (2013 framework). 

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Monmouth Real Estate
Investment Corporation as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
shareholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016 and our report dated
November 25, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

(d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes
to our internal controls over financial reporting during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B   OTHER
INFORMATION  

None. 

Table of Contents    

PART
III  

ITEM 10   DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

The following are the Directors and Executive
Officers of the Company as of September 30, 2016: 

Name   

Age   

Present
                                         Position with the Company; Business  
          Experience
        During Past Five Years; Other  
          Directorships   

Director  
         Since   

Class
                                         Type  
          (1)    

Anna T. Chew  

58  

Director.
                                          Interim Chief Financial Officer (March 2012 to July 2012). Chief Financial Officer
                                         (1991 to 2010). 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (1995 to present) and Director (1995 to present). 
           
         Ms. Chew is a Certified Public Accountant.
        Ms. Chew s extensive public accounting, finance and real estate industry experience is the primary reason, among
        others, why Ms. Chew was selected to serve on our Board.   

2007  

I   

Daniel D. ronheim  

62  

Director.
                                     Attorney at Law (1979 to present). Certified Property Manager (2010 to present). President
                                    (2000 to present) of David Cronheim Mortgage Company, a privately-owned real estate investment
                                    banker. Executive Vice President (1997 to present) of Cronheim Management Services, Inc.,
                                    a real estate management firm. Executive Vice President (1989 to present) and General Counsel
                                    (1983 to present) of David Cronheim Company, a real estate brokerage firm. Executive Committee
                                    (2012 to present), Secretary-Treasurer (2013 to 2015), Vice-President (2015 to 2016) and President
                                    (2016 to present) of The Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM) Chapter One (New Jersey).
                                    Member and instructor (2014 to present) of the New Jersey State Bar Association Land Use Committee.
                                    Member (1986 to 1993) and Chairman (1994 to present) of Borough of Watchung Zoning Board.
                                    Mr. Cronheim s extensive experience in real estate management and the mortgage industry
                                    is the primary reason, among others, why Mr. Cronheim was selected to serve on our Board.   

1989  

I   

Catherine B. Elflein  

55  

Independent
                                    Director (2).  Certified Public Accountant. Senior Director   Risk Management (2006
                                    to present) at Celgene Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company; Controller of Captive Insurance
                                    Companies (2004 to 2006) and Director   Treasury Operations (1998 to 2004) at Celanese
                                    Corporation. Ms. Elflein s extensive experience in accounting, finance and risk management
                                    is the primary reason, among others, why Ms. Elflein was selected to serve on our Board.   

2007  

III   

Table of Contents    

Name  
       
      Age  

Present
                                         Position with the Company; Business  
          Experience During Past Five Years;
        Other  
          Directorships   
       
       Director  
          Since   

Class  
          Type (1)    

Brian
    H. Haimm  

47  

Independent
                                         Director (2).  Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (2006 to present)
                                         of Ascend Capital, a private equity firm. Mr. Haimm s extensive experience in accounting,
                                         finance and the real estate industry is the primary reason, among others, why Mr. Haimm
                                         was selected to serve on our Board.   

2013  

II   

Neal Herstik  

57  

Independent
                                    Director (2).  Attorney at Law, Gross, Truss   Herstik, PC (1997 to present). Mr. Herstik s
                                    extensive legal experience and experience in the real estate industry is the primary reason,
                                    among others, why Mr. Herstik was selected to serve on our Board.   

2004  

II   

Matthew I. Hirsch  

57  

Independent
                                    Director (2).  Attorney at Law (1985 to present) Law Office of Matthew I. Hirsch; Adjunct
                                    Professor of Law, Delaware Law School of Widener University (1993 to present). 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, Director (2013 to present). 
           
         Mr. Hirsch s experience with
        real estate transactions, legal issues relating to real estate and the real estate industry is the primary reason, among
        others, why Mr. Hirsch was selected to serve on our Board.   

2000  

II   

Eugene W. Landy  

82  

Founder
                                    and Chairman of the Board (1968 to present), President and Chief Executive Officer (1968 to
                                    April 2013) and Director.  Attorney at Law. Partner of the Law Firm of Landy   Landy;
                                    Chairman of the Board (1995 to present). 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, Founder and Chairman of the Board, Director (1969 to present) and President (1969 to 1995). 
           
         As our Founder and Chairman, Mr. Landy s
        unparalleled experience in real estate investing is the primary reason, among others, why Mr. Landy was selected to serve
        on our Board.   

1968  

III   

Table of Contents    

Name  
       
      Age  

Present
                                         Position with the Company; Business  
          Experience During Past Five Years;
        Other  
          Directorships   

Director  
          Since   

Class  
          Type  
          (1)    

Michael
    P. Landy  

54  

President
                                         and Chief Executive Officer (April 2013 to present) and Director.  Chief Operating
                                         Officer (2011 to April 2013), Executive Vice President (2009 to 2010), Executive Vice
                                         President-Investments (2006 to 2009), and Vice President-Investments (2001 to 2006).
                                         Member of New York University s REIT Center Board of Advisors (2013 to present). 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, Director (2011 to present), Executive Vice President (2010 to 2012) and Vice President-Investments (2001 to 2010). 
           
         Mr. Landy s role as our President
        and Chief Executive Officer and extensive experience in real estate finance, investment, capital markets and operations
        management are the primary reasons, among others, why Mr. Landy was selected to serve on our Board.   

2007  

III   

Samuel A. Landy  

56  

Director .
                                    Attorney at Law (1985 to present), Partner of the Law firm of Landy   Landy. 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, President and Chief Executive Officer (1995 to present), Vice President (1991 to 1995) and Director (1992 to
        present). 
           
         Mr. Landy s extensive experience
        in real estate investment and REIT leadership is the primary reason, among others, why Mr. Landy was selected to serve
        on our Board.   

1989  

III   

Kevin S. Miller

47  

Chief
                                    Financial Officer (July 2012 to present) and Chief Accounting Officer (May 2012 to present).
                                     Certified Public Accountant. Assistant Controller and Assistant Vice-President (2005 to
                                    May 2012) of Forest City Ratner, a real estate developer, owner and operator and a wholly-owned
                                    subsidiary of a publicly-held company, Forest City Realty Trust, Inc .    

N/A  

N/A   

Allison Nagelberg  

51  

General
                                    Counsel (2000 to present).  Attorney at Law (1989 to present). Ms. Nagelberg also has a
                                    Master of Business Administration in Finance. 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, General Counsel (2000 to 2013).   

N/A  

N/A   

Table of Contents    

Name   

Age   

Present
                                         Position with the Company; Business  
          Experience During Past Five Years;
        Other  
          Directorships   

Director  
         Since   

Class
                                         Type  
          (1)    

Scott
    Robinson  

46  

Independent Director
    (2).  Managing Director, Oberon Securities (2013 to Present); Clinical Professor of Finance and Director of the The REIT
    Center at New York University (2008 to Present); Managing Partner, Cadence Capital Group (2009 to 2013); Vice President, Citigroup
    (2006 to 2008); Senior REIT and CMBS analyst (1998 to 2006), Standard   Poor s. Mr. Robinson s extensive experience
    in real estate finance and investment is the primary reason, among others, why Mr. Robinson was selected to serve on our Board.  

2005  

I   

Stephen B. Wolgin  

62  

Lead
                                    Independent Director (2).  Managing Director of U.S. Real Estate Advisors, Inc. (2000 to
                                    present), a real estate advisory services group based in New Jersey. Partner with the Logan
                                    Asset Backed Fund, LP (2007 to present). Prior affiliations with J.P. Morgan, Odyssey Associates,
                                    The Prudential Realty Group, Standard   Poor s Corporation, and Grubb and Ellis. 
           
         For UMH Properties, Inc., a related
        company, Director (2007 to present). 
           
         Mr. Wolgin s extensive experience
        as a real estate and finance consultant and experience in the real estate industry are the primary reasons, among others,
        why Mr. Wolgin was selected to serve on our Board.   

2003  

II   

(1)  
      Class
    I, II, and III Directors have terms expiring at the annual meetings of the Company s shareholders to be held in 2019,
    2017 and 2018, respectively, and when their respective successors are duly elected and qualify.    

(2)  
      Independent
    within the meaning of applicable New York Stock Exchange listing standards and SEC rules.   

All officers serve at
the pleasure of the Board of Directors, subject to the rights, if any, of any officer under any employment contract. Officers
are elected by the Board of Directors annually and as may be appropriate to fill a vacancy in an office. 

Family Relationships  

There are no family relationships
between any of the directors or executive officers, with the exception of Samuel A. Landy and Michael P. Landy who are the sons
of the Company s Founder, Eugene W. Landy, who is the Chairman of the Board and a Director of the Company. 

Audit Committee  

The Company has a separately-designated
standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3 (a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(58)(A)). The
members of the audit committee are Brian H. Haimm (Chairman), Catherine B. Elflein, Stephen B. Wolgin, Matthew I. Hirsch and Scott
Robinson. The Company s Board has determined that Brian H. Haimm, Catherine B. Elflein, Scott L. Robinson and Stephen B.
Wolgin are audit committee financial experts and that all members of the audit committee are independent as required by the listing
standards of the NYSE. The audit committee operates under the Audit Committee Charter which can be found at the Company s
website at www.mreic.reit. The charter is reviewed annually for adequacy. 

Table of Contents    

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance  

There have been no delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of regulation S-K, to the best of management s knowledge. 

Code of Ethics  

The Company has adopted
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as the
Company s other officers, directors and employees (the  Code of Ethics ). The Code of Ethics can be found at
the Company s website at www.mreic.reit. The Code of Ethics is also available in print to any person without charge who
requests a copy by writing or telephoning us at the following address and telephone number: Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation,
Attention: Stockholder Relations, 3499 Route 9 North, Suite 3-D, Juniper Business Plaza, Freehold, New Jersey 07728, (732) 577-9996.
The Company will satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05(c) of Form 8-K regarding a waiver from any provision of the
Code of Ethics for principal officers or directors by disclosing the nature of such amendment of waiver on our website. 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Compensation Discussion and Analysis   

Overview of Compensation Program   

The Compensation Committee
(for purposes of this analysis, the  Committee ) of the Board has been appointed to implement the Board s responsibilities
relating to the compensation of the Company s executive officers. The Committee has the overall responsibility for approving
and evaluating the executive officer compensation plan, policies and programs of the Company. The Committee s primary objectives
include serving as an independent and objective party to review such compensation plan, policies and programs. The Compensation
Committee has not retained or obtained the advice of a compensation committee consultant for determining or recommending the amount
of executive or director compensation. 

Throughout this report,
the individuals who served as the Company s Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer and other
Officers during fiscal 2016 included in the Summary Compensation Table presented below in Item 11 of this report, are sometimes
referred to in this report as the named executive officers. 

Compensation Philosophy and Objectives

The Committee believes
that a well-designed compensation program should align the goals of the President and Chief Executive Officer with the goals of
the shareholders, and that a significant part of the executives  compensation, over the long term, should be dependent upon
the value created for shareholders. In addition, all executives should be held accountable through their compensation for the
performance of the Company, and compensation levels should also reflect the executives  individual performance in an effort
to encourage increased individual contributions to the Company s performance. The compensation philosophy, as reflected
in the Company s employment agreements with its executives, is designed to motivate executives to focus on operating results
and create long-term shareholder value by: 

establishing
    a plan that attracts, retains and motivates executives through compensation that is competitive with a peer group of other
    publicly-traded real estate investment trusts, or REITs;    

rewarding
    executives for individual accomplishments and achievements;   

linking
    a portion of each executive s compensation to the achievement of the Company s business plan by using measurements
    of the Company s operating results and shareholder return; and    

building
    a pay-for-performance system that encourages and rewards successful initiatives within a team environment.    

Table of Contents    

The salaries and bonuses
in the Company s recently executed executive employment agreements are consistent with the Committee s philosophy
and objectives. 

The Committee believes
that each of the above factors is important when determining compensation levels for named executive officers. The Committee reviews
and approves the employment contracts for the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer, and other named
executive officers, including performance goals and objectives. The Committee annually evaluates performance of the executive
officers in light of those goals and objectives. The Committee considers the Company s performance, relative shareholder
return, the total compensation provided to comparable officers at similarly-situated companies, and compensation given to the
named executive officers in prior years. The Company uses the annual Compensation Survey published by NAREIT (the  Survey )
as a guide to setting compensation levels. Participant company data is not presented in a manner that specifically identifies
any named individual or company. This Survey details compensation by position type and company size with statistical salary and
bonus information for each position. The sub-sets presented in the Survey used by the Committee for comparison are the industrial
property sector, entities with less than $1.5 billion in equity market capitalization and entities with less than 75 full-time
employees. The Compensation Committee compares the Company s salary and bonus amounts to the ranges presented for reasonableness.
The Committee believes executive compensation packages provided by the Company to its executive officers should include both base
salaries and annual bonus awards that reward corporate and individual performance, as well as give incentives to executives to
meet or exceed established goals. As a result, an important portion of the Company s compensation program is comprised of
discretionary bonuses and equity awards as determined by the Committee in recognition of individual accomplishments and achievements. 

Role of Executive Officers in Compensation
Decisions   

The Committee makes all
final compensation decisions for the Company s named executive officers. The Chairman of the Board and the President and
Chief Executive Officer review the performance of the other named executive officers and then present their conclusions and recommendations
to the Committee with respect to base salary adjustments and annual cash bonus and stock option or restricted stock awards. The
Committee exercises its own discretion in modifying any recommended adjustments or awards, but does consider the recommendations
from management who work closely with the other named executive officers. 

Role of Grants of Stock Options and Restricted
Stock in Compensation Analysis  

The Committee views the
grant of stock options and restricted stock awards as a form of long-term compensation. The Committee believes that such grants
promote the Company s goal of retaining key employees, and align the key employees  interests with those of the Company s
shareholders from a long-term perspective. The number of options or shares of restricted stock granted to each employee is determined
by consideration of various factors including but not limited to the employees  contribution, title, responsibilities, and
years of service. 

Role of Employment Agreements in Determining
Executive Compensation  

Each of the Company s
currently employed named executive officers is a party to an employment agreement. These agreements provide for base salaries,
bonuses and customary fringe benefits.  The key elements of the Company s compensation
program for the named executive officers are base salary, bonuses, stock options and other benefits,  including those provided
for under the employment agreements and additional discretionary bonuses awarded by the Committee in recognition of individual
accomplishments and achievements.  Each of these is addressed separately below. In determining
initial compensation, the Committee considers all elements of a named executive officer s total compensation package in
comparison to current market practices and other benefits.  

Shareholder
Advisory Vote   

One way to determine if
the Company s compensation program reflects the interests of shareholders is through their non-binding vote. At the Annual
Meeting of Shareholders held on May 13, 2014, the Company s shareholders approved by their advisory vote the compensation
of the named executive officers. 

Table of Contents    

Base Salaries  

Base salaries are paid
for ongoing performance throughout the year. In order to compete for and retain talented executives who are critical to the Company s
long-term success, the Committee has determined that the base salaries of named executive officers should approximate those of
executives of other equity REITs that compete with the Company for employees, investors and business, while also taking into account
the named executive officers  performance and tenure, and the Company s performance relative the performance reported
for companies in the industrial property sector, entities with less than $1.5 billion in equity market capitalization and entities
with less than 75 full-time employees within the REIT industry in the Survey described above. 

Bonuses  

In addition to the provisions
for base salaries under the terms of their employment agreements and discretionary cash bonuses awarded by the Committee in recognition
of individual accomplishments and achievements, the Chairman of the Board, and the President and Chief Executive Officer, are
entitled to receive annual cash bonuses for each year during the terms of each respective agreement provided certain performance
goals set by the Committee as described below are achieved. 

For the Chairman of the
Board: 

For the President and
Chief Executive Officer (effective through September 30, 2016): 

(1)  
      Provided
    that FFO is in excess of the dividend   

Table of Contents    

For the President and
Chief Executive Officer (effective October 1, 2016): 

(2)  
      Provided
    that FFO is equal to or in excess of the dividend   

Based on meeting the performance
targets set forth above, a $210,000 cash bonus for the Chairman of the Board was accrued as of September 30, 2016, which was paid
in October 2016 and based on meeting the performance targets set forth above, a $135,000 cash bonus was accrued for the President
and Chief Executive Officer as of September 30, 2016, which was paid in October 2016. 

In addition to its determination
of the executives  individual performance levels for 2016, the Committee compared the executives  total compensation
for 2016 to that of similarly-situated personnel of other comparably sized REIT s. Furthermore, the Committee compared the
executives  total compensation for 2016 to that within the REIT industry in the Survey described above. For fiscal 2016,
the Company s total compensation fell in the lowest range (25 th  percentile) within the REIT industry in the Survey
described above. 

The Committee considers
and approves discretionary cash bonuses to be awarded to the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer.
Discretionary cash bonuses awarded to the other named executive officers are recommended by the Chairman of the Board and the
President and Chief Executive Officer and are approved by the Committee. The Committee believes that short-term rewards in the
form of discretionary cash bonuses to senior executives generally should reflect short-term results and should take into consideration
both the profitability and performance of the Company and the performance of the individual, which may include comparing such
individual s performance to the preceding year, reviewing the breadth and nature of the senior executives  responsibilities
and valuing special contributions by each such individual. In evaluating the performance of the Company annually, the Committee
considers a variety of factors, including, among others, Funds From Operations (FFO), Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO), net
income, growth in asset size, amount of space under lease and total return to shareholders. The Company considers FFO to be an
important measure of an equity REIT s operating performance and has adopted the definition suggested by NAREIT, which defines
FFO to mean net income computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of property, plus real estate
related depreciation and amortization. The Company defines AFFO as FFO plus acquisition costs and costs associated with the Redemption
of Preferred Stock less recurring capital expenditures and excluding the following: lease termination income, gains or losses
on securities transactions, stock compensation expense, amortization of financing and leasing costs, depreciation of corporate
office tenant improvements, straight-line rent adjustments and non-recurring other expense. The Company considers FFO and AFFO
to be meaningful additional measures of operating performance, primarily because they exclude the assumption that the value of
its real estate assets diminishes predictably over time and because industry analysts have accepted these as performance measures. 

Other factors considered
include the employee s title and years of service. The employee s title generally reflects the employee s responsibilities
and the employee s years of service may be considered in determining the level of discretionary cash bonus in comparison
to base salary. The Committee has declined to use specific performance formulas with respect to the other named executive officers,
believing that with respect to Company performance, such formulas do not adequately account for many factors, including, among
others, the relative performance of the Company compared to its competitors during variations in the economic cycle, and that
with respect to individual performance, such formulas are not a substitute for the subjective evaluation by the Committee of a
wide range of management and leadership skills of each of the senior executives. 

Table of Contents    

In fiscal 2016, the Committee
considered the performance of the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer and received the recommendations
from the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer for the discretionary cash bonuses to be awarded
to the other named executive officers. The factors that were considered in awarding the discretionary cash bonuses included the
following progress that was made by the Company due to the efforts of management: 

On
    October 1, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 6.7% increase in the Company s quarterly common stock
    dividend, raising it to $0.16 per share from $0.15 per share, representing an annualized dividend rate of $0.64 per share
    resulting in the Company being able to maintain or increase its cash dividend for twenty-five consecutive years.   

Achieved
    $1.8 billion in total market capitalization resulting in year over year growth of 53% in fiscal 2016   

Achieved
    a 46% total shareholder return for fiscal 2016    

Achieved
    over 16.0 million total rentable square feet resulting in year over year growth of 15% in fiscal 2016   

Generated
    23% year over year AFFO per diluted share growth in fiscal 2016. AFFO per diluted share growth has been over 10% for three
    consecutive years    

Located
    and acquired eight industrial properties totaling approximately 1,830,000 square feet as per its investment strategy without
    placing undue burden on liquidity   

During
    the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015 and 2016, completed fifteen property expansions totaling $52.5 million, generating
    over $5.2 million in additional rental revenue and subsequent to the fiscal yearend, on October 1, 2016 completed one additional
    property expansion for $5.0 million which will generate additional rental revenue of approximately $500,000    

Entered
    into commitments to acquire nine industrial properties in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 of which one was acquired subsequent
    to the fiscal yearend    

On
    September 13, 2016 closed and priced a very successful new perpetual preferred offering at 6.125% which was over-subscribed,
    raising $135 million in gross proceeds    

Raised
    approximately $72.2 million through the DRIP during fiscal 2016   

Renewed
    all three leases that were scheduled to expire in fiscal 2016, resulting in a 100% tenant retention rate and on terms resulting
    in an increase in the weighted average lease rate of 5.3% on a U.S. GAAP straight-line basis    

Achieved
    99.6% occupancy as of September 30, 2016, increasing to 100% with the sale of the Company s only vacant building on
    October 28, 2016   

Increased
    and extended the unsecured revolving credit facility from $130 million to $200 million with a $100 million accordion feature,
    bringing the total potential availability to $300 million   

Managed
    general and administrative costs to an appropriate level   

Table of Contents    

After considering the
performance of the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer and the recommendations of the Chairman
of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer as to the other named executive officers, the Committee allocated the
individual discretionary cash bonus to the named executive officers based on the named executive officers  individual contributions
to these accomplishments. Other factors considered in this allocation included the named executive officers  responsibilities
and years of service. During fiscal 2016, the Chairman of the Board received a discretionary cash bonus of $65,769. During fiscal
2016, the President and Chief Executive Officer received discretionary cash bonuses of $501,202 which includes a $400,000 cash
signing bonus in accordance with his amended and restated Employment Agreement entered into on January 11, 2016. 

Stock Options and Restricted Stock  

The employment agreement
for the Chairman of the Board states that he will receive stock options to purchase 65,000 shares annually. The employment agreement
for the President and Chief Executive Officer states that he will be entitled to equity awards of up to 25,000 shares of restricted
stock each year based on achievement of performance objectives as determined by the Compensation Committee. In addition, the Compensation
Committee has the discretion to make additional awards of stock options and restricted stock for outstanding performance. In recognition
of Mr. Eugene Landy s extraordinary contributions to the Company over the last five decades and, in particular, over the
last year, on September 14, 2016, the Compensation Committee approved and granted a discretionary award of 40,000 shares of restricted
common stock. The stock, which will vest in equal annual instalments over the next five years, has a grant date fair value of
$13.64 per share, for a total grant date fair value of $545,600. When awarding these shares of restricted stock, the Compensation
Committee took into account Mr. Eugene Landy s recent contributions towards the progress that the Company made considered
by the Committee in awarding discretionary cash bonuses, as further detailed above, under the heading  Bonuses . 

For the other senior executives,
the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer make a recommendation to the Committee of specific stock
option or restricted stock grants. In making its decisions, the Committee does not use an established formula or focus on a specific
performance target. The Committee recognizes that often outside forces beyond the control of management, such as economic conditions,
changing leasing and real estate markets and other factors, may contribute to less favorable near term results even when sound
strategic decisions have been made by the senior executives to position the Company for longer term profitability. Thus, the Committee
also attempts to identify whether the senior executives are exercising the kind of judgment and making the types of decisions
that will lead to future growth and enhanced asset value, even if the same are difficult to measure on a current basis. For example,
in determining appropriate stock option and restricted stock awards, the Committee considers, among other matters, whether the
senior executives have executed strategies that will provide adequate funding or appropriate borrowing capacity for future growth,
whether acquisition and leasing strategies have been developed to ensure a future stream of reliable and increasing revenues for
the Company, whether the selection of properties, tenants and tenant mix evidence appropriate risk management, including risks
associated with real estate markets and tenant credit, and whether the administration of staff size and compensation appropriately
balances the current and projected operating requirements of the Company with the need to effectively control overhead costs,
while continuing to grow the enterprise. No equity awards were made to other named executive officers during fiscal 2016. 

Other Personal Benefits   

The Company s employment
agreements provide the named executive officers with other personal benefits that the Company and the Committee believe are reasonable
and consistent with its overall compensation program to better enable the Company to attract and retain superior employees for
key positions. The Committee periodically reviews the levels of other personal benefits provided to the named executive officers. 

Table of Contents    

The named executive officers
are provided the following benefits under the terms of their employment agreements: an allotted number of paid vacation weeks;
eligibility for the executive, as well as spouse and dependents where applicable, in all Company sponsored employee benefits plans,
including 401(k) plan, group health, accident, and life insurance, on terms no less favorable than applicable to any other executive;
and supplemental disability insurance, at the Company s cost, as agreed to by the Company and the named executive officer.
Attributed costs of the personal benefits described above for the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016, are included in  All Other Compensation  of the Summary Compensation Table provided below under Item 11
of this report. 

Payments
upon Termination or Change in Control   

In addition, the named
executive officers  employment agreements each contain provisions relating to change in control events. The employment agreements
also contain severance or continuation of salary payments upon any termination of the named executive officers  employment,
except in the case of Mr. Miller or Ms. Nagelberg, whose severance payments are for events other than for cause (as defined under
the terms of the employment agreements). These change in control and severance terms have been deemed reasonable by the Compensation
Committee. Information regarding these provisions is included in  Employment Agreements  provided below in this Annual
Report. There are no other agreements or arrangements governing change in control payments. 

Evaluation  

Mr. Eugene Landy is employed
under an Amended Employment Agreement with the Company. In January 2016, based on the Committee s evaluation of his performance,
his base compensation under his amended contract was increased from $410,000 to $430,500 per year. 

In evaluating Mr. Eugene
Landy s eligibility for an annual bonus, the Committee used the bonus schedule included in Mr. Eugene Landy s Amended
Employment Agreement as a guide. 

In recognition of Mr.
Eugene Landy s extraordinary contributions to the Company over the last five decades and, in particular, over the last year,
as well as his contributions toward the Company s progress as further detailed above, under the heading  Bonuses ,
on September 14, 2016, the Compensation Committee determined to grant to Mr. Landy 40,000 shares of restricted common stock. The
restricted stock, which will vest in equal annual installments over the next five years, has a grant date fair value of $13.64
per share, for a total grant date fair value of $545,600. In evaluating Mr. Eugene Landy s eligibility for an annual bonus,
the Compensation Committee used the bonus schedule included in Mr. Eugene Landy s employment agreement as a guide and, in
addition, considered the factors as further detailed above, under the heading  Bonuses  in considering Mr. Eugene
Landy s eligibility for a discretionary cash bonus. 

Table of Contents    

The Compensation Committee
also reviewed the progress made by Mr. Michael Landy, President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as his contributions toward
the progress that the Company has made that enabled the Company to reach the milestones, as further detailed above, under the
heading  Bonuses . Mr. Michael Landy is employed under an employment agreement with the Company. His base compensation
under this contract was $551,250 for fiscal 2016. Effective October 1, 2016, Mr. Landy s annual base compensation was increased
to $750,000 and will increase by 5% each year through fiscal 2021. The amended employment agreement has an initial term of five
years, and is renewed automatically for a new five-year term on the first day of each calendar quarter after the effective date
unless otherwise terminated, and contains provisions for continuation of salary payments through the expiration of the term of
the agreement upon any termination of the Mr. Landy s employment. Upon execution of the amended employment agreement, Mr.
Landy received a cash signing bonus of $400,000 in recognition of the substantial progress that the Company has made under his
leadership. In considering the new employment agreement and signing bonus, the Compensation Committee took into account the transformative
changes that Company has enjoyed over the past several years, which include the Company s total market capitalization growing
more than three-fold since fiscal 2010, and the company s total assets nearly tripling as well since that time, while the
Company s general and administrative expenses only doubled over this period. In evaluating Mr. Michael Landy s eligibility
for an annual bonus, the Compensation Committee used the bonus schedule included in Mr. Michael Landy s employment agreement
as a guide and, in addition, considered the factors discussed above, under the heading  Bonuses  in considering Mr.
Michael Landy s eligibility for a discretionary cash bonus. 

The Committee has also
approved the recommendations of the Chairman of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer concerning the other named
executive officers  annual salaries, bonuses, and fringe benefits. 

Effective January 1, 2016,
Mr. Miller s annual base compensation was increased from $242,550 to $360,000 for the calendar year ending December 31,
2016, and will increase by 5% each calendar year through December 31, 2018. Mr. Miller s employment agreement was also amended
to provide that, upon a change of control of the Company, Mr. Miller may extend and renew the amended employment agreement for
three years from the date of the change of control, or, alternatively, terminate the amended employment agreement and receive
the greater of the base salary due under the remaining term of the agreement or one year s base salary at the date of termination.
Mr. Miller was awarded his new amended employment agreement because of the many contributions he has made towards the Company s
progress, as further detailed above, under the heading  Bonuses . 

Compensation Committee Report  

The Compensation Committee
of the Company has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with
management and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the board that the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis be included in this report. 

Compensation
    Committee:   

Stephen
    B. Wolgin (Chairman)   

Brian
    H. Haimm   

Matthew
    I. Hirsch   

Table of Contents    

Summary Compensation Table  

The following Summary
Compensation Table shows compensation paid or accrued by the Company for services rendered during the fiscal years ended September
30, 2016, 2015, and 2014 to the named executive officers. There were no other executive officers whose aggregate compensation
allocated to the Company for fiscal 2016 exceeded $100,000. 

Notes: 

Table of Contents    

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

On July 26, 2007, the
2007 Stock Option and Stock Award Plan (the 2007 Plan) was approved by the Company s shareholders authorizing the grant
to officers, directors and key employees, of options to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock. On May 6, 2010, the Company s
shareholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2007 Plan. The amendment and restatement made two significant changes:
(1) the inclusion of directors as participants in the 2007 Plan and (2) the ability to grant restricted stock to Directors, officers
and key employees. The amendment and restatement also made other conforming, technical and other minor changes. The amendment
also makes certain modifications and clarifications, including concerning administration and compliance with applicable tax rules,
such as Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Options to purchase 65,000
shares were granted in 2016 and options to purchase 245,000 shares were exercised during fiscal 2016. In addition, during fiscal
2016, 40,000 shares of restricted common stock were granted at a grant date fair value of $13.64 per share. As of September 30,
2016, the number of shares remaining for future grant of stock options or restricted stock under the 2007 Plan is 444,878. 

Options may be granted
under the 2007 Plan any time as determined by the Compensation Committee up through March 26, 2017. No option granted under the
2007 Plan shall be available for exercise beyond ten years. All options are exercisable after one year from the date of grant.
The option price under the 2007 Plan may not be below the fair market value at date of grant. Canceled or expired options are
added back to the  pool  of shares available under the 2007 Plan. 

Under the 2007 Plan, the
Compensation Committee determines the recipients of restricted stock awards; the number of restricted shares to be awarded; the
length of the restricted period of the award; the restrictions applicable to the award including, without limitation, the employment
or retirement status of the participant; rules governing forfeiture and restrictions applicable to any sale, assignment, transfer,
pledge or other encumbrance of the restricted stock during the restricted period; and the eligibility to share in dividends and
other distributions paid to the Company s shareholders during the restricted period. The maximum number of shares underlying
restricted stock awards that may be granted in any one fiscal year to a participant is 100,000. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards  

All restricted stock awards
granted during fiscal year 2016 vest 1/5 th  per year over a five year period and all dividends paid are reinvested in
restricted stock. The following table sets forth, for the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, information
regarding individual grants of restricted stock and individual grants of stock options made under the 2007 Plan during the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)  
      These
    options expire 8 years from grant date.   

(2)  
      This
    value was established using the Black-Scholes stock option valuation model. The following weighted-average assumptions were
    used in the model: expected volatility of 20.20%; risk-free interest rate of 2.09%; dividend yield of 6.17%; expected life
    of options of 8 years; and -0- estimated forfeitures. The fair value per share granted was $0.74. The actual value of the
    options will depend upon the performance of the Company during the period of time the options are outstanding and the price
    of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise.    

Table of Contents    

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table  

Our executive compensation
policies and practices, pursuant to which the compensation set forth in the Summary Compensation Table and the Grants of Plan-Based
Awards Table was paid or awarded to our named executive officers, are described above under  Compensation Discussion and
Analysis  and below under  Employment Agreements.  

Option Exercises and Stock Vested  

The following table sets forth summary information
concerning option exercises and vesting of restricted stock awards for each of the named executive officers during the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2016: 

Table of Contents    

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
End  

The following table sets
forth for the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, information regarding stock options and restricted stock
outstanding at September 30, 2016: 

Employment Agreements   

Eugene W. Landy, the Company s
Chairman of the Board, executed an Employment Agreement on December 9, 1994, which was amended on June 26, 1997 (the  First
Amendment ), on November 5, 2003 (the  Second Amendment ), on April 1, 2008 (the  Third Amendment ),
on July 1, 2010 (the  Fourth Amendment ), on April 25, 2013 (the  Fifth Amendment ), on December 20, 2013
(the  Sixth Amendment ) on December 18, 2014 (the  Seventh Amendment ) and on January 12, 2016 (the  Eighth
Amendment )   collectively, the  Amended Employment Agreement . Pursuant to the Amended Employment Agreement,
Mr. Eugene Landy s base salary was $410,000 per year, effective January 1, 2015, and was increased pursuant to the Eighth
Amendment to $430,500 per year, effective January 1, 2016. He is entitled to receive pension payments of $50,000 per year through
2020; in fiscal 2015, the Company accrued $19,075 in additional compensation expense related to the pension benefits. Mr. Eugene
Landy s incentive bonus schedule is detailed in the Fourth Amendment and is based on progress toward achieving certain target
levels of growth in market capitalization, funds from operations and dividends per share. Pursuant to the Amended Employment Agreement,
Mr. Eugene Landy will receive each year an option to purchase 65,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Mr. Eugene Landy
is entitled to five weeks paid vacation annually, and he is entitled to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans. 

Table of Contents    

The Amended Employment
Agreement provides for aggregate severance payments of $500,000, payable to Mr. Eugene Landy upon the termination of his employment
for any reason in increments of $100,000 per year for five years. He is entitled to disability payments in the event of his disability
(as defined in the Amended Employment Agreement) for a period of three years equal to his base salary. The Amended Employment
Agreement provides for a death benefit of $500,000, payable to Mr. Eugene Landy s designated beneficiary. Upon the termination
of Mr. Eugene Landy s employment, following, or as a result of, certain types of transactions that lead to a significant
increase in the Company s market capitalization, the Amended Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Eugene Landy will receive
a grant of 35,000 to 65,000 shares of the Company s common stock, depending on the amount of the increase in the Company s
market capitalization, all of his outstanding options to purchase shares of the Company common stock will become immediately vested,
and he will be entitled to continue to receive benefits under the Company s health insurance and similar plans for one year.
In the event of a change in control of the Company, Eugene W. Landy shall receive a lump sum payment of $2,500,000, provided that
the sale price of the Company is at least $10 per share of common stock. A change of control is defined as the consummation of
a reorganization, merger, share exchange, consolidation, or sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company. This change of control provision will not apply to any combination between the Company and UMH. Payment will be made
simultaneously with the closing of the transaction, and only in the event that the transaction closes. The Amended Employment
Agreement is terminable by the Company s Board of Directors at any time by reason of Mr. Eugene Landy s death or disability
or for cause, which is defined in the Amended Employment Agreement as a termination of the agreement if the Company s Board
of Directors determines in good faith that Mr. Eugene Landy failed to substantially perform his duties to the Company (other than
due to his death or disability), or has engaged in conduct the consequences of which are materially adverse to the Company, monetarily
or otherwise. Upon termination of the Amended Employment Agreement, Mr. Eugene Landy will remain entitled to the disability, severance,
death and pension benefits provided for in the Amended Employment Agreement. 

Effective April 9, 2013,
Michael P. Landy was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to April 9, 2013, Mr. Landy was the Chief Operating
Officer. Effective October 1, 2013, the Company and Michael P. Landy entered into a three-year employment agreement, under which
Mr. Landy received an annual base salary of $500,000 for fiscal year 2014 with increases of 5% for each of fiscal years 2015 and
2016, plus bonuses and customary fringe benefits. Mr. Landy s incentive bonus schedule is based on progress toward achieving
certain target levels of growth in market capitalization, adjusted funds from operations and dividends per share. Mr. Landy also
receives four weeks  vacation, annually. The Company reimburses Mr. Landy for the cost of a disability insurance policy
such that, in the event of Mr. Landy s disability for a period of more than 90 days, Mr. Landy will receive benefits up
to 60% of his then-current salary. In the event of a merger, sale or change of voting control of the Company, excluding transactions
between the Company and UMH, Mr. Landy will have the right to extend and renew this employment agreement so that the expiration
date will be three years from the date of merger, sale or change of voting control, or Mr. Landy may terminate the employment
agreement and be entitled to receive one year s compensation in accordance with the agreement. If there is a termination
of employment by the Company or by Mr. Landy for any reason, either involuntary or voluntary, including the death of the employee,
other than a termination for cause as defined by the agreement, Mr. Landy shall be entitled to the greater of the base salary
due under the remaining term of the agreement or two years  compensation at the date of termination, paid monthly over the
remaining term or life of the agreement. 

Table of Contents    

On January 11, 2016, the
Company entered into an amended and restated Employment Agreement ( Employment Agreement ) with Michael P. Landy,
which became effective October 1, 2016. Upon signing the Employment Agreement, Mr. Landy received a signing bonus of $400,000
in recognition of the substantial progress that the Company has made under his leadership. Effective October 1, 2016, Mr. Landy
receives an annual base salary of $750,000 for fiscal year 2017 with increases of 5% for each of fiscal years 2018, 2019, 2020
and 2021, plus targeted bonuses and customary fringe benefits. The Employment Agreement has an initial term of five years, and
is renewed automatically for a new five-year term on the first day of each calendar quarter after the effective date unless otherwise
terminated. For fiscal years after 2021, Mr. Landy s base salary shall be set by the Compensation Committee of the Company s
Board of Directors but will be no less than his base salary for the preceding year. Mr. Landy will receive annual cash bonuses
based on the Company s achievement of certain performance objectives as determined by the Compensation Committee: a) Growth
in Market Cap of 10%, 15% or 20%, Mr. Landy will receive $40,000, $60,000 or $80,000, respectively; b) Growth in AFFO per share
of 5%, 10%, 15%, or 20%, Mr. Landy will receive $50,000, $75,000, $100,000 or $150,000, respectively; and c) Growth in Dividend
per Share of 5%, 10% or 15%, Mr. Landy will receive $150,000, $200,000 or $250,000, respectively. Mr. Landy will also be entitled
to equity awards of up to 25,000 shares of restricted stock each year based on achievement of performance objectives as determined
by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Landy also receives four weeks  vacation annually and he is entitled to customary fringe
benefits including life insurance, health benefits and the right to participate in the Company s 401(k) retirement plan.
The Company reimburses Mr. Landy for the cost of a disability insurance policy such that, in the event of Mr. Landy s disability
for a period of more than 90 days, Mr. Landy will receive benefits up to 60% of his then-current salary. Under the Employment
Agreement, if Mr. Landy s employment is terminated for any reason, either voluntarily or involuntarily, including the death
of Mr. Landy or termination for cause, Mr. Landy shall be entitled to the base salary plus base target bonuses due under the Employment
Agreement for the remaining term of the Employment Agreement (as it has been renewed). The Employment Agreement also provides
that, upon a change of control of the Company (as defined below), the Employment Agreement will automatically renew for five years
from the date of the change in control and Mr. Landy shall have the right to terminate the Employment Agreement and continue to
receive the base salary plus base target bonuses and restricted stock awards he would have been entitled to receive during the
remaining term of the Employment Agreement. In addition, provided that Mr. Landy is actively employed by the Company as of the
consummation of a change of control, Mr. Landy shall be entitled to a transaction bonus consistent with the terms of any applicable
transaction bonus plan that the Company may adopt. The term  Change of Control  under Mr. Landy s amended employment
agreement means (i) a sale of substantially all of the Company s assets, not in the ordinary course, to an unaffiliated
third party, (ii) the transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, to an unaffiliated third party, of outstanding
shares of the Company s capital stock representing a majority of the then outstanding voting stock, (iii) a majority of
the Company s Directors ceasing to be individuals who either were members of the Board immediately following the Company s
2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or whose election as a director was approved by a majority of such incumbent directors or
their approved successors, (iv) a merger or consolidation having the same effect as item (i), (ii) or (iii) above or (iv) any
other event of a nature that would be required to be reported as a change of control in item 5.01 of Form 8-K under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor provision thereto). 

Effective January 1, 2013,
the Company and Kevin S. Miller, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer, entered into a three-year employment agreement, under
which Mr. Miller received an annual base salary of $220,000 for calendar year 2013 with increases of 5% for each of calendar years
2014 and 2015, plus bonuses and customary fringe benefits. Mr. Miller also received four weeks  vacation, annually. The
Company reimbursed Mr. Miller for the cost of a disability insurance policy such that, in the event of Mr. Miller s disability
for a period of more than 90 days, Mr. Miller will receive benefits up to 60% of his then-current salary. In the event of a merger,
sale or change of voting control of the Company, excluding transactions between the Company and UMH, Mr. Miller would have had
the right to extend and renew this employment agreement so that the expiration date would have been three years from the date
of merger, sale or change of voting control, or Mr. Miller could terminate the employment agreement and be entitled to receive
one year s compensation in accordance with the agreement. If there were a termination of employment by the Company or by
Mr. Miller for any reason, either involuntary or voluntary, including the death of the employee, other than a termination for
cause as defined by the agreement, Mr. Miller was entitled to one year s base salary at the date of termination, paid monthly
over the remaining term or life of the agreement. 

Table of Contents    

Effective January 1, 2016,
the Company and Kevin S. Miller, entered into a new three-year employment agreement, under which Mr. Miller will receive an annual
base salary of $360,000 for calendar year 2016 with increases of 5% for each of calendar years 2017 and 2018, plus bonuses and
customary fringe benefits. Mr. Miller also receives four weeks  vacation, annually. The Company reimburses Mr. Miller for
the cost of a disability insurance policy such that, in the event of Mr. Miller s disability for a period of more than 90
days, Mr. Miller will receive benefits up to 60% of his then-current salary. In the event of a merger, sale or change of voting
control of the Company, excluding transactions between the Company and UMH, Mr. Miller will have the right to extend and renew
the employment agreement so that the expiration date will be three years from the date of merger, sale or change of voting control,
or Mr. Miller may terminate the employment agreement and be entitled to receive the greater of the base salary due under the remaining
term of the agreement or one year s base salary at the date of termination, paid monthly over the remaining term or life
of the agreement. If there is a termination of employment by the Company or by Mr. Miller for any reason, either involuntary or
voluntary, including the death of the employee, other than a termination for cause as defined by the agreement, Mr. Miller shall
be entitled to the greater of the base salary due under the remaining term of the agreement or one year s base salary at
the date of termination, paid monthly over the remaining term or life of the agreement. 

Effective January 1, 2014,
the Company and Allison Nagelberg, General Counsel, entered into a three-year employment agreement, under which Ms. Nagelberg
receives an annual base salary of $275,625 for calendar year 2014, $325,000 for calendar year 2015, and $341,250 for calendar
year 2016, plus bonuses and customary fringe benefits. Ms. Nagelberg also receives four weeks  vacation, annually. The Company
reimburses Ms. Nagelberg for the cost of a disability insurance policy such that, in the event of Ms. Nagelberg s disability
for a period of more than 90 days, Ms. Nagelberg will receive benefits up to 60% of her then-current salary. In the event of a
merger, sale or change of voting control of the Company, excluding transactions between the Company and UMH, Ms. Nagelberg will
have the right to extend and renew this employment agreement so that the expiration date will be three years from the date of
merger, sale or change of voting control, or Ms. Nagelberg may terminate the employment agreement and be entitled to receive one
year s compensation in accordance with the agreement. If there is a termination of employment by the Company or Ms. Nagelberg
for any reason, either involuntary or voluntary, including the death of the employee, other than a termination for cause as defined
by the agreement, Ms. Nagelberg shall be entitled to the greater of the base salary due under the remaining term of the agreement
or one year s compensation at the date of termination, paid monthly over the remaining term or life of the agreement. 

Potential Payments upon Termination of Employment or Change-in-Control

Under the employment agreements
with our President and Chief Executive Officer and the other named executive officers listed below, our President and Chief Executive
Officer and such other named executive officers are entitled to receive the following estimated payments and benefits upon a termination
of employment or voluntary resignation (with or without a change-in-control). These disclosed amounts are estimates only and do
not necessarily reflect the actual amounts that would be paid to the named executive officers, which would only be known at the
time that they become eligible for payment and would only be payable if a termination of employment, or voluntary resignation,
were to occur. The table below reflects the amount that could be payable under the various arrangements assuming that the termination
of employment had occurred at September 30, 2016. Each of the employees named in the table below have restricted stock awards
and/or stock option awards which are listed in the  Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End  table previously
disclosed. Restricted Stock Awards vest upon the termination of an employee due to death or disability. In addition, restricted
stock awards vest on the date of an involuntary termination of employment with the Company if the employee retires. If the termination
of employment is for any other reason, including voluntary resignation, termination not for cause or good reason resignation,
termination for cause, or termination not for cause or good reason (after a change in control), the restricted stock awards are
forfeited. Regarding the stock option awards, if the termination is for any reason other than a termination for cause, the stock
option awards may be exercised until three months after the termination of employment. If the termination is for cause, the stock
option awards are forfeited. 

Table of Contents    

(1)  
      Consists
    of accrued vacation time, which would be payable in a lump sum payment.    

(2)  
      Consists
    of severance payments of $500,000, payable $100,000 per year for 5 years, and $8,279 of accrued vacation, which would be payable
    in a lump sum payment.   

(3)  
      Consists
    of severance payments of $500,000, payable $100,000 per year for 5 years, plus the $19,680 estimated cost of continuation
    of benefits for one year following termination and $8,279 of accrued vacation, which would be payable in a lump sum payment.   

(4)  
      Mr.
    Eugene W. Landy shall receive a lump-sum payment of $2,500,000 in the event of a change in control, provided that the sale
    price of the Company is at least $10 per share of common stock. In addition, if Mr. Eugene W. Landy s employment agreement
    is terminated, he receives severance payments of $500,000, which would be payable $100,000 per year for 5 years, continuation
    of benefits for one year following termination and accrued vacation.   

(5)  
      In
    the event of a disability, as defined in the agreement, Mr. Eugene W. Landy shall receive disability payments equal to his
    base salary for a period of three years, continuation of benefits for one year following termination and accrued vacation.
    He has a death benefit of $500,000 payable in a lump sum to Mr. Eugene W. Landy s beneficiary.   

(6)  
      Payments
    are calculated based on Mr. Michael P. Landy s amended and restated employment agreement, which became effective October
    1, 2016, which is the base salary due under the remaining term of the agreement.    

(7)  
      Payments
    are calculated based on Mr. Kevin S. Miller s employment agreement, which is the greater of the base salary due under
    the remaining term of the agreement or one year s base salary at the date of termination.   

(8)  
      Payments
    are calculated based on Ms. Allison Nagelberg s employment agreement which is the greater of the base salary due under
    the remaining term of the agreement or one year s compensation at the date of termination.    

The Company retains the
discretion to compensate any officer upon any future termination of employment or a change-in-control. The Compensation Committee
has assessed our compensation program for the purpose of viewing and considering any risks presented by our compensation policies
and practices that are likely to have a material adverse effect on us. As part of that assessment, management reviewed the primary
elements of our compensation program, including base salary, annual bonus opportunities, equity compensation and severance arrangements.
Management s risk assessment included a review of the overall design of each primary element of our compensation program,
and an analysis of the various design features, controls and approval rights in place with respect to compensation paid to management
and other employees that mitigate potential risks to us that could arise from our compensation program. Following the assessment,
management determined that our compensation policies and practices did not create risks that were reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on us and reported the results of the assessment to the Compensation Committee. 

Director Compensation  

Effective September 1,
2013, Directors received a fee of $4,000 for each Board meeting attended, $500 for each Board telephone meeting attended, and
an additional fixed annual fee of $26,000 payable quarterly. Directors appointed to board committees receive $1,200 for each committee
meeting attended. Effective January 1, 2015, the Directors annual fee increased from $26,000 to $31,000. Effective September 12,
2016, the Directors annual fee increased from $31,000 to $41,000. All other fees remained the same. 

Table of Contents    

The table below sets forth
a summary of director compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016: 

Mr. Eugene W. Landy and Mr. Michael
P. Landy are named executive employees of the Company. As such, their director compensation is included in the Summary Compensation
Table. 

(1)  
      Emeritus
    directors are retired directors who have a standing invitation to attend Board of Directors meetings but are not entitled
    to vote on board resolutions. However, they receive directors  fees for participation in the board meetings. Effective
    April 4, 2016, the emeritus director position has been eliminated and Mr. Kaempffer and Mr. Rothenberg retired as emeritus
    directors.   

(2)  
      These
    directors acted as chairs of the Board s Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees.   

(3)  
      The
    Audit Committee for 2016 consists of Mr. Haimm (Chairman), Mr. Hirsch, Mr. Wolgin, Mr. Robinson and Ms. Elflein. The board
    has determined that Mr. Wolgin, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Haimm and Ms. Elflein are considered  audit committee financial experts 
    within the meaning of the rules of the SEC and are  financially literate  within the meaning of the listing requirements
    of the NYSE.   

(4)  
      Mr.
    Haimm, Mr. Hirsch and Mr. Wolgin (Chairman) are members of the Compensation Committee.    

(5)  
      Mr.
    Herstik, Mr. Hirsch (Chairman), and Mr. Wolgin are members of the Nominating Committee.   

(6)  
      Mr.
    Wolgin is the Lead Independent Director whose role is to preside over the executive sessions of the non-management directors.   

Pension Benefits and
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans  

Except as provided in
the specific employment agreement described above, the Company does not have pension or other post-retirement plans in effect
for officers, directors or employees or a nonqualified deferred compensation plan. The present value of accumulated benefit of
contractual pension benefits for Mr. Eugene W. Landy is $618,974 as of September 30, 2016. Payments made during the 2016 fiscal
year were $50,000. He is entitled to receive pension payments of $50,000 per year through 2020. The Company s employees
may elect to participate in the 401(k) plan of UMH Properties, Inc. 

Other Information  

Daniel D. Cronheim is
a director of the Company and Executive Vice President of David Cronheim Company (Cronheim) and Cronheim Management Services,
Inc. (CMSI). Daniel Cronheim received $49,500, $47,000 and $42,000 for director s fees in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The Company paid fees to The David Cronheim Mortgage Corporation, an affiliated company of CMSI, of $-0-, $196,000 and $140,000
in mortgage brokerage commissions in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Table of Contents    

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation  

During fiscal 2016, the
Compensation Committee consisted of Messrs. Haimm, Hirsch and Wolgin. No member of the Compensation Committee is a current or
former officer or employee of the Company. In fiscal 2016, none of our executive officers served on the compensation committee
of any entity, or board of directors of any entity that did not have a compensation committee, that had one or more of its executive
officers serving on our Compensation Committee. The members of the Compensation Committee did not otherwise have any relationships
requiring related-party disclosure in the Company s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The following table lists
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock (the Common Shares) as of September 30,
2016 by: 

each
    person known by the Company to beneficially own more than five percent of the Company s outstanding Common Shares;   

the
    Company s directors;   

the
    Company s executive officers; and   

all
    of the Company s executive officers and directors as a group.   

Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of the person or persons named below is c/o Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, Juniper Business Plaza, 3499
Route 9 North, Suite 3-D, Freehold, New Jersey 07728. In determining the number and percentage of Shares beneficially owned by
each person, Shares that may be acquired by that person under options exercisable within sixty (60) days of September 30, 2016
are deemed beneficially owned by that person and are deemed outstanding for purposes of determining the total number of outstanding
Common Shares for that person and are not deemed outstanding for that purpose for all other shareholders. 

*Less
                                         than 1%. 

Table of Contents    

(1)  
      Except
    as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the Company believes that
    the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all Common Shares listed.   

(2)  
      Based
    on the number of Common Shares outstanding on September 30, 2016, which was 68,920,972.   

(3)  
      Based
    on Schedule 13F filed with the SEC, The Vanguard Group, Inc. owns 7,324,264 Common Shares as of June 30, 2016.    

(4)
      
      Based
    on Schedule 13F filed with the SEC, BlackRock Inc. owns 4,272,124 Common Shares as of June 30, 2016.    

(5)  
      Includes
    (a) 3,120 shares of unvested restricted stock; (b) 332,768 Common Shares owned jointly with Ms. Chew s husband and (c)
    29,643 Common Shares held in the UMH 401(k) Plan for Ms. Chew s benefit. Ms. Chew is a co-trustee of the UMH 401(k)
    Plan and has shared voting power, but no dispositive power, over the 166,499 Common Shares held by the UMH 401(k) Plan. She,
    however, disclaims beneficial ownership of all of the Common Shares held by the UMH 401(k) Plan, except for the 29,643 Common
    Shares held by the UMH 401(k) Plan for her benefit.    

(6)  
      Includes
    (a) 1,113 shares of unvested restricted stock; (b) 80,000 Common Shares held in a trust for Mr. Cronheim s two minor
    family members, to which he disclaims any beneficial interest but he has sole dispositive and voting power and (c) 79,499
    Common Shares pledged in a margin account   

(7)  
      Includes
    (a) 1,113 shares of unvested restricted stock and (b) 3,500 Common Shares owned jointly with Ms. Elflein s husband.   

(8)  
      Includes
    849 shares of unvested restricted stock.   

(9)  
      Includes
    (a) 1,113 shares of unvested restricted stock and (b) 1,600 Common Shares owned by Mr. Herstik s wife.    

(10)  
      Includes
    1,113 shares of unvested restricted stock.   

(11)  
      Includes
    (a) 49,989 shares of unvested restricted stock; (b) 97,914 Common Shares owned by Mr. Eugene Landy s wife; (c) 225,427
    Common Shares held in the Landy   Landy Employees  Profit Sharing Plan of which Mr. Landy is a trustee and has shared
    voting and dispositive power; (d) 192,294 Common Shares held in the Landy   Landy Employees  Pension Plan over which
    Mr. Landy has shared voting and dispositive power; (e) 13,048 Common Shares held in Landy Investments Ltd., over which Mr.
    Landy has shared voting and dispositive power; (f) 154,405 Common Shares held in the Eugene W. and Gloria Landy Family Foundation,
    a charitable trust, over which Mr. Landy has shared voting and dispositive power; (g) 34,841 Common Shares held by Juniper
    Plaza Associates, over which Mr. Landy has shared voting and dispositive power; (h) 27,521 Common Shares held by Windsor Industrial
    Park Associates, over which Mr. Landy has shared voting and dispositive power; (i) 378,951 Common Shares pledged in a margin
    account; and (j) 409,017 Common Shares pledged as security for loans. Includes 399,000 Common Shares issuable upon the exercise
    of stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2016. Excludes 65,000 Common Shares issuable upon the
    exercise of a stock option not exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2016.    

(12)  
      Includes
    (a) 16,675 shares of unvested restricted stock; (b) 32,012 Common Shares owned by Mr. Michael Landy s wife; (c) 155,030
    Common Shares held in custodial accounts for Mr. Landy s children under the New Jersey Uniform Transfer to Minors Act
    in which he disclaims any beneficial interest but has power to vote; (d) 53,000 Common Shares held by EWL Grandchildren Fund,
    LLC; (e) 20,271 Common Shares held in the UMH 401(k) Plan for Mr. Landy s benefit; and (f) 157,650 Common Shares pledged
    in a margin account.    

(13)  
      Includes
    (a) 1,113 shares of unvested restricted stock; (b) 24,380 Common Shares owned by Mr. Samuel Landy s wife; (c) 22,379
    Common Shares held by the Samuel Landy Family Limited Partnership; (d) 53,000 Common Shares held in EWL Grandchildren Fund,
    LLC; (e) 40,332 Common Shares pledged in a margin account; (f) 172,086 Common Shares pledged as security for a loan and (g)
    65,077 Common Shares held in the UMH 401(k) Plan for Mr. Landy s benefit. As a co-trustee of the UMH 401(k) Plan, Mr.
    Landy has shared voting power, but no dispositive power, over the 166,499 Common Shares held in the UMH 401(k) Plan. He, however,
    disclaims beneficial ownership of all of the Common Shares held by the UMH 401(k) Plan, except for the 65,077 Common Shares
    held by the UMH 401(k) Plan for his benefit.    

(14)  
      Includes
    (a) 20,374 shares of unvested restricted stock and (b) 881 Common Shares held in the UMH 401(k) Plan for Mr. Miller s
    benefit.   

(15)
      
      Includes
    (a) 6,315 shares of unvested restricted stock; (b) 3,325 Common Shares owned by Ms. Nagelberg s husband; (c) 1,638 Common
    Shares held in custodial accounts for Ms. Nagelberg s children under the New Jersey Uniform Transfers to Minors Act
    with respect to which she disclaims any beneficial interest but she has sole dispositive and voting power and (d) 9,641 Common
    Shares held in the UMH 401(k) Plan for Ms. Nagelberg s benefit.    

Table of Contents    

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR DEPENDENCE  

There are no family relationships
between any of the directors or executive officers of the Company, except that Samuel A. Landy, a director of the Company, and
Michael P. Landy, President, Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company, are the sons of Eugene W. Landy, the Chairman
of the Board and a director of the Company. 

Daniel D. Cronheim is
a director of the Company and Executive Vice President of David Cronheim Company (Cronheim) and Cronheim Management Services,
Inc. (CMSI). Daniel Cronheim received $49,500, $47,000 and $42,000 for director s fees in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The David Cronheim Mortgage Corporation, an affiliated company of CMSI, received $-0-, $196,000 and $140,000 in mortgage brokerage
commissions in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from the Company. 

Six directors of the Company
are also directors and shareholders of UMH. The Company holds common and preferred stock of UMH in its securities portfolio. See
Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for current holdings. During fiscal 2016,
the Company made total purchases of 77,456 common shares of UMH for a total cost of $777,588, or a weighted average cost of $10.04
per share, of which 67,456 shares were purchased through UMH s Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. In addition,
the Company made total purchases 100,000 shares of UMH s 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a total
cost of $2,500,000. During fiscal 2016, UMH made total purchases of 120,098 common shares of the Company through the Company s
DRIP for a total cost of $1,348,141, or a weighted average cost of $11.23 per share. 

The Company currently
has thirteen full-time employees and one part-time employee. One of the Company s employees (Director of Investor Relations,
promoted to Vice President of Investor Relations in June 2015) was shared with UMH through September 30, 2015. Through September
30, 2015, the Vice President of Investor Relations  salary was allocated 70% to the Company and 30% to UMH based on the
time she worked for each entity. Effective October 1, 2015, the Vice President of Investor Relations began working solely for
the Company at which point the Company no longer allocates any portion of her salary to UMH. In addition, the Company s
Chairman of the Board is also the Chairman of the Board of UMH. Effective as of October 1, 2015, other than the Company s
Chairman of the Board, the Company does not share any employees with UMH. 

On August 22, 2014, the
Company entered into a seven-year lease agreement to occupy 5,680 square feet for the Company s corporate office space.
The corporate office space is located in a new separate suite located in the same building as the Company s former corporate
office space. The lease became effective January 12, 2015, at which time, the Company ceased to share rent expense with UMH. Rent
for the Company s corporate office space is at an annual rate of $99,400 or $17.50 per square foot for years one through
five and an annual rate of $100,820 or $17.75 per square foot for years six and seven. The Company is also responsible for its
proportionate share of real estate taxes and common area maintenance. Mr. Eugene W. Landy, the Founder and Chairman of the Board
of the Company, owns a 24% interest in the entity that is the landlord of the property where the Company s corporate office
space is located. 

Table of Contents    

No director, executive
officer, or any immediate family member of such director or executive officer may enter into any transaction or arrangement with
the Company without the prior approval of the Board of Directors. If any such transaction or arrangement is proposed, the Board
of Directors will appoint a Business Judgment Committee consisting of independent directors who are also independent of the transaction
or arrangement. This Committee will recommend to the Board of Directors approval or disapproval of the transaction or arrangement.
In determining whether to approve such a transaction or arrangement, the Business Judgment Committee will take into account, among
other factors, whether the transaction was on terms no less favorable to the Company than terms generally available to third parties
and the extent of the executive officer s or director s involvement in such transaction or arrangement. While the
Company does not have specific written standards for approving such related party transactions, such transactions are only approved
if it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Additionally, the Company s Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics requires all directors, officers and employees who may have a potential or apparent conflict of interest to immediately
notify the Company s General Counsel. Further, to identify related party transactions, the Company submits and requires
our directors and executive officers to complete director and officer questionnaires identifying any transactions with the Company
in which the director, executive officer or their immediate family members have an interest. 

See identification and
other information relating to independent directors under Item 10. 

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  

PKF O Connor Davies,
LLP served as the Company s independent registered public accountants for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. A
representative from PKF O Connor Davies, LLP is expected to be present at the annual shareholders  meeting in order
to be available to respond to possible inquiries from shareholders . 

The following are fees
billed by and accrued to PKF O Connor Davies, LLP in connection with services rendered for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015: 

Audit fees include professional
services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, management s assessment of internal
controls, and reviews of financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit related fees include
services that are normally provided by the Company s independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings,
such as consents and assistance with and review of documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Tax fees include professional
services rendered for the preparation of the Company s federal and state corporate tax returns and supporting schedules
as may be required by the Internal Revenue Service and applicable state taxing authorities. Tax fees also include other work directly
affecting or supporting the payment of taxes, including planning and research of various tax issues. 

All of the services performed
by PKF O Connor Davies, LLP for the Company during fiscal 2016 were either expressly pre-approved by the Audit Committee
or were pre-approved in accordance with the Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy, and the Audit Committee was provided with regular
updates as to the nature of such services and fees paid for such services. 

Table of Contents    

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy  

The Audit Committee has
adopted a policy for the pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services provided by the Company s principal independent
accountants. The policy requires that all services provided by our independent registered public accountants to the Company, including
audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services, must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee, and all
have been so approved. The pre-approval requirements do not prohibit day-to-day normal tax consulting services, which matters
will not exceed $10,000 in the aggregate. 

The Audit Committee has
determined that the provision of the non-audit services described above is compatible with maintaining PKF O Connor Davies,
LLP s independence. 

Table of Contents    

PART IV  

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

All other schedules are
omitted for the reason that they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information is set forth in the Consolidated
Financial Statements or Notes hereto. 

Table of Contents    

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (CONT D)  

Table of Contents    

3.9  
       
      Articles
    Supplementary, effective September 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Form 8-A filed by the Registrant
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016, Registration No. 001-33177).   

3.10 

Bylaws
                                         of the Company, as amended and restated, dated April 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference
                                         to Exhibit 99 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange
                                         Commission on April 1, 2014, Registration No. 001-33177).    

(4)  
       
       Instruments
    Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures    

4.1  
       
      Specimen
                                         certificate representing the common stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference
                                         to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed by the
                                         Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2015, Registration
                                         No. 001-33177).    

4.2  
       
      Specimen
    certificate representing the Series A Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form
    8-A filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2006, Registration No. 001-33177).   

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

10.20  

First
    Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto,
    Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, BMO Capital Markets, as sole lease arranger and sole book runner, and JPMorgan
    Chase Bank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-syndication agents, dated as of September 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2016, Registration
    No. 001-33177).    
 
      (12)  
      *  
       
      Statement
    of Computation of Ratios.   

(21)
      
      *  
       
      Subsidiaries
    of the Registrant.   

(23)  
      *  
       
      Consent
    of PKF O Connor Davies, LLP.   

(31.1)  
      *  
       
      Certification
    of Michael P. Landy, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant
    to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

(31.2)  
      *  
       
      Certification
    of Kevin S. Miller, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

(32.1)  
      *  
       
      Certification
    of Michael P. Landy, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kevin S. Miller, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
    Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
      ++  
      XBRL
    Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
      ++  
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
      ++  
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document   
 
      101.LAB  
      ++  
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
      ++  
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
      ++  
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

*  
      Filed
    herewith.   
 
      +  
      Denotes
    a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.   
 
      ++  
      Pursuant
    to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive date file is deemed not  filed  or part of a registration statement
    or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not  filed  for purposes of Section
    18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.   

Table of Contents    

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm  

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. Our audit also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index
at Item 15(a)(2)(i). These consolidated financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Monmouth Real Estate
Investment Corporation at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated November 25, 2016 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon. 

* * * 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

   AS OF SEPTEMBER
30,   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS (CONT D)   

   AS OF SEPTEMBER
30,   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME   

   FOR THE YEARS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30,   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME   

   FOR THE YEARS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30,   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

   FOR THE YEARS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30,   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

   FOR THE YEARS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016, 2015, AND 2014   

(1)  
      Dividend
    Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

   FOR THE YEARS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016, 2015 AND 2014, CONT D.   

(1)  
      Dividend
    Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

   FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   

See Accompanying Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Description of the Business  

Monmouth Real Estate Investment
Corporation (a Maryland corporation) and its subsidiaries (the Company) operate as a real estate investment trust (REIT), deriving
its income primarily from real estate rental operations. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, rental properties consisted of ninety-nine
and ninety-one property holdings, respectively. These properties are located in thirty states: Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut,
Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri,
Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington
and Wisconsin. In addition, the Company holds a portfolio of REIT securities which the Company generally limits to no more than
approximately 10% of its undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). 

Management
views the Company as a single segment based on its method of internal reporting in addition to its allocation of capital and resources.

Use of Estimates  

In preparing the financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ),
management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results
could differ from these estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation and Non-controlling
Interest  

The consolidated financial
statements include the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. In 2005, the Company formed MREIC Financial, Inc., a taxable
REIT subsidiary which has had no activity since inception. In 2007, the Company merged with Monmouth Capital Corporation (Monmouth
Capital), with Monmouth Capital surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. All intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

At September 30, 2016,
Monmouth Capital owns a 51% majority interest in Palmer Terrace Realty Associates, LLC (a New Jersey limited liability company)
(Palmer Terrace). The Company consolidates the results of operations of Palmer Terrace. Non-controlling interest represents 49%
of the members  equity in Palmer Terrace and is included in Other Liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Buildings and Improvements   

Buildings and improvements
are stated at the lower of depreciated cost or net realizable value. Depreciation is computed based on the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. These lives are 39 years for buildings and range from 5 to 39 years for improvements. 

Table of Contents    

The Company applies Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360-10, Property, Plant   Equipment (ASC 360-10) to measure
impairment in real estate investments. Rental properties are individually evaluated for impairment when conditions exist which
may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash flows (on an undiscounted basis without interest) from a
rental property is less than its historical net cost basis. These expected future cash flows consider factors such as future operating
income, trends and prospects as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. Upon determination that
an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred, rental properties are reduced to their fair value. For properties to be disposed
of, an impairment loss is recognized when the fair value of the property, less the estimated cost to sell, is less than the carrying
amount of the property measured at the time there is a commitment to sell the property and/or it is actively being marketed for
sale. A property to be disposed of is reported at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair value, less its cost
to sell. Subsequent to the date that a property is held for disposition, depreciation expense is not recorded. 

Gains on Sale of Real Estate  

Gains on the sale of real
estate investments are recognized when the profit on a given sale is determinable, and the seller is not obliged to perform significant
activities after the sale to earn such profit. 

Acquisitions  

The Company accounts for
acquisitions in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations (ASC 805) which requires transaction costs, such
as broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, related to acquisitions
are expensed as incurred. 

Upon acquisition of a
property, the Company allocates the purchase price of the property based upon the fair value of the assets acquired as if vacant,
which generally consist of land, buildings and intangible assets, including above and below market leases and in-place leases.
The Company allocates the purchase price to the fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property generally determined
by third party appraisal of the property obtained in conjunction with the purchase. 

The purchase price is
further allocated to acquired above and below market leases based on the present value of the difference between prevailing market
rates and the in-place lease rates over the remaining term. In addition, any remaining amounts of the purchase price are applied
to in-place lease values based on management s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease.
In-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of
the existing relationships with the tenant, the tenant s credit quality and expectations of lease renewals are also considered.
Acquired above and below market leases are amortized to rental revenue over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the respective
leases. The value of in-place lease intangibles (including customer relationships) is amortized to amortization expense over the
remaining lease term. If a tenant terminates its lease early, the unamortized portion of the tenant improvements, leasing commissions,
deferred rent and the in-place lease value is charged to expense. 

Marketable Securities  

Investments in securities
available for sale primarily consist of marketable common and preferred stock securities of other REITs, which the Company generally
limits to no more than approximately 10% of its undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated
depreciation). These marketable securities are all publicly-traded and purchased on the open market, through private transactions
or through dividend reinvestment plans. These securities may be classified among three categories: held-to-maturity, trading,
and available-for-sale. The Company normally holds REIT securities on a long term basis and has the ability and intent to hold
securities to recovery, therefore as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s securities are all classified as available-for-sale
and are carried at fair value based upon quoted market prices in active markets. Gains or losses on the sale of securities are
based on average cost and are accounted for on a trade date basis. Unrealized holding gains and losses are excluded from earnings
and reported as a separate component of Shareholders  Equity until realized. The change in the unrealized net holding gains
(losses) is reflected as Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Table of Contents    

The Company individually
reviews and evaluates its marketable securities for impairment on a quarterly basis or when events or circumstances occur. The
Company considers, among other things, credit aspects of the issuer, amount of decline in fair value over cost and length of time
in a continuous loss position. The Company has developed a general policy of evaluating whether an unrealized loss is other than
temporary. On a quarterly basis, the Company makes an initial review of every individual security in its portfolio. If the security
is impaired, the Company first determines its intent and ability to hold this investment for a period of time sufficient to allow
for any anticipated recovery in market value. Next, the Company determines the length of time and the extent of the impairment.
Barring other factors, including the downgrading of the security or the cessation of dividends, if the fair value of the security
is below cost by less than 20% for less than 6 months and the Company has the intent and ability to hold the security, the security
is deemed to be temporarily impaired. Otherwise, the Company reviews additional information to determine whether the impairment
is other than temporary. The Company discusses and analyzes any relevant information known about the security, such as: 

a.  
      Whether
    the decline is attributable to adverse conditions related to the security or to specific conditions in an industry or in a
    geographic area.   

b.  
      Any
    downgrading of the security by a rating agency.   

c.  
      Whether
    the financial condition of the issuer has deteriorated.   

d.  
      Status
    of dividends   Whether dividends have been reduced or eliminated, or scheduled interest payments have not been made.   

e.  
      Analysis
    of the underlying assets (including NAV analysis) using independent analysis or recent transactions.   

The Company normally holds
REIT securities on a long term basis and has the ability and intent to hold securities to recovery. If a decline in fair value
is determined to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized in earnings and the cost basis of the individual
security is written down to fair value as the new cost basis. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents
include all cash and investments with an original maturity of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash in bank accounts
in amounts that may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts in the past.
The fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximates their current carrying amounts since all such items are short-term in
nature. 

Intangible Assets, Capitalized Lease Costs
and Financing Costs  

Intangible assets, consisting
primarily of the value of in-place leases, are amortized to expense over the remaining terms of the respective leases. Upon termination
of a lease, the unamortized portion is charged to expense. The weighted-average amortization period upon acquisition for intangible
assets recorded during 2016, 2015 and 2014 was 12 years, 13 years and 14 years, respectively. 

Costs incurred in connection
with the execution of leases are capitalized and amortized over the term of the respective leases. Unamortized lease costs are
charged to expense upon cancellation of leases prior to the expiration of lease terms. Costs incurred in connection with obtaining
mortgages and other financings and refinancings are deferred and are amortized over the term of the related obligations using
the effective interest method. Unamortized costs are charged to expense upon prepayment of the obligation. Amortization expense
related to these deferred leasing and financing costs were $2,072,120, $2,042,520 and $1,231,222 for the years ended September
30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company estimates that aggregate amortization expense for existing assets will be approximately
$1,936,000, $1,743,000, $1,550,000, $1,009,000 and $931,000 for the fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents    

Revenue Recognition  

Rental revenue from tenants
with leases having scheduled rental increases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Tenant recoveries
related to the reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses are recognized
as revenue in the period the expenses are incurred. The reimbursements are recognized and presented gross, as the Company is generally
the primary obligor and, with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, has discretion in selecting
the supplier and bears the associated credit risk. These occupancy charges are recognized as earned. 

The Company provides an
allowance for doubtful accounts against the portion of tenant and other receivables and deferred rent receivable which are estimated
to be uncollectible. For accounts receivable the Company deems uncollectible, the Company uses the direct write-off method. The
Company did not have an allowance for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Lease Termination Income  

Lease Termination Income
is recognized in operating revenues when there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have
been met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and the termination consideration is probable of collection. Lease termination
amounts are paid by tenants who want to terminate their lease obligations before the end of the contractual term of the lease
by agreement with the Company. 

Of the Company s
ninety-nine properties, only three leases, representing 1.3% of the Company s gross leasable area, contain an early termination
provision, which are as follows: the Company s lease with its tenant at its 26,340 square foot location in Ridgeland (Jackson),
MS, the Company s lease with its tenant at its 83,000 square foot location in Roanoke, VA and the Company s lease
with its tenant at its 102,135 square foot location in O Fallon (St. Louis), MO. 

Net Income Per Share  

Basic Net Income per Share
is calculated by dividing Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted Net Income per Common Share is calculated by dividing Net Income attributable to Common Shareholders
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the weighted-average number of net shares that would be issued
upon exercise of stock options pursuant to the treasury stock method. 

In addition, common stock
equivalents of 89,720, 115,408 and 95,112 shares are included in the diluted weighted average shares outstanding for fiscal years
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, options to purchase -0-, 65,000 and 65,000 shares,
respectively, were antidilutive. 

Stock Compensation Plan  

The Company accounts for
awards of stock options and restricted stock in accordance with ASC 718-10, Compensation-Stock Compensation. ASC 718-10 requires
that compensation cost for all stock awards be calculated and amortized over the service period (generally equal to the vesting
period). The compensation cost for stock option grants is determined using option pricing models, intended to estimate the fair
value of the awards at the grant date less estimated forfeitures. The compensation expense for restricted stock is recognized
based on the fair value of the restricted stock awards less estimated forfeitures. The fair value of restricted stock awards is
equal to the fair value of the Company s stock on the grant date. Compensation costs of $926,465, $448,895 and $347,002
have been recognized in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in Note 9 to these consolidated financial statements are the
assumptions and methodology used to calculate the fair value of stock options and restricted shares. 

Table of Contents    

Income Tax  

The Company has elected
to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company will not be taxed on the portion of its
income which is distributed to shareholders, provided it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income, has at least 75% of its
assets in real estate investments and meets certain other requirements for qualification as a REIT. The Company is subject to
franchise taxes in several of the states in which the Company owns property. 

The Company follows the
provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, that, among other things, defines a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic
740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure,
and transition. Based on its evaluation, the Company determined that it has no uncertain tax positions and no unrecognized tax
benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company records interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as
interest expense. As of September 30, 2016, the fiscal tax years 2013 through and including 2016 remain open to examination by
the Internal Revenue Service. There are currently no federal tax examinations in progress. 

Comprehensive Income   

Comprehensive income is
comprised of net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of unrealized holding
gains or losses arising during the period on securities available for sale, less any reclassification adjustments for net gains
of sales of securities transactions realized in income. 

Reclassifications  

Certain amounts in the
consolidated financial statements for the prior years have been reclassified to conform to the financial statement presentation
for the current year. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted
changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective
for annual reporting periods, including interim reporting periods within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this standard may have on the consolidated financial
statements and the timing of adoption. 

In March 2016, FASB issued
ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which relates
to the accounting for employee share-based payments . ASU 2016-09 addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment award transactions, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities;
and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this standard
may have on the consolidated financial statements and the timing of adoption. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including
requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. The standard
requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application,
with an option to use certain transition relief. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this standard may have on the
consolidated financial statements and the timing of adoption. 

Table of Contents    

In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities . ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting,
or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net
income, requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments
for disclosure purposes, requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category
and form of financial asset, and eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost.
These changes become effective for the Company s fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements and has not determined the effects of
this update on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows and disclosures at this time. 

In September 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 eliminates the
requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments. The new guidance requires that the
cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period
in which the adjustment is identified. ASU 2015-16 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-16 to have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Topic 835): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs .
ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance
for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. The amendments in ASU 2015-03 are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation
and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  providing guidance regarding
the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. Given the absence of
authoritative guidance on this matter, the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs
as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement,
regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on that line-of-credit arrangement. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 will have on the Company s financial position
or results of operations. 

In February 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810),  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis . ASU 2015-02 focuses
to minimize situations under previously existing guidance in which a reporting entity was required to consolidate another legal
entity in which that reporting entity did not have: (1) the ability through contractual rights to act primarily on its own behalf;
(2) ownership of the majority of the legal entity s voting rights; or (3) the exposure to a majority of the legal entity s
economic benefits. ASU 2015-02 affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain
legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. ASU 2015-02 will be effective
for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company
does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-02 to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table of Contents    

NOTE 2   REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS  

The following is a summary
of the cost and accumulated depreciation of the Company s land, buildings and improvements at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

NOTE 3   ACQUISITIONS, EXPANSIONS
AND DISPOSITION  

Fiscal 2016  

Acquisitions   

On November 13, 2015,
the Company purchased a newly constructed 330,717 square foot industrial building located in Concord, NC, which is in the Charlotte
Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through
July 2025. The purchase price was $31,975,897. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $20,780,000 at a fixed
interest rate of 3.87%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,078,000. In connection
with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has
not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

On December 2, 2015, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 175,315 square foot industrial building located in Covington, LA, which is in the New Orleans
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through June 2025. The purchase price
was $18,410,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $12,890,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.08%. Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $1,258,000. In connection with the acquisition, the
Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

On March 8, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 125,860 square foot industrial building located in Imperial, PA, which is in the Pittsburgh
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to General Electric Company (GE) for ten years through December 2025. The purchase price
was $20,032,864. The Company obtained a 14 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $13,000,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.63%. Annual
rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $1,311,000. In connection with the acquisition, the
Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $82,864 to an Intangible
Asset associated with the lease in-place. 

On April 8, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 210,445 square foot industrial building located in Burlington, WA, which is in the Seattle/Everett
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through August 2030. The purchase
price was $30,662,080. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $20,221,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.67%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $1,962,000. In connection with the acquisition,
the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $451,400 to an
Intangible Asset associated with the lease in-place. 

On June 9, 2016, the Company
purchased a newly constructed 225,362 square foot industrial building located in Colorado Springs, CO. The building is 100% net-leased
to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through January 2026. The purchase price was $28,845,500. The Company obtained
a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $18,730,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.90%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining
term of the lease averages approximately $1,832,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation
of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $345,500 to an Intangible Asset associated with the
lease in-place. 

On June 30, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 137,500 square foot industrial building located in Louisville, KY. The building is 100%
net-leased to Challenger Lifts, Inc., a subsidiary of Snap-on Incorporated ( Snap-on ), for ten years through June
2026. The lease is guaranteed by Snap-on. The purchase price was $11,304,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing
mortgage of $7,350,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.74%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages
approximately $835,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result
of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

Table of Contents    

On August 19, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 310,922 square foot industrial building located in Davenport, FL, which is in the Orlando
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through April 2031. The purchase price
was $37,780,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $26,400,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.89%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,604,000. In connection with the acquisition,
the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

On August 26, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 313,763 square foot industrial building located in Olathe, KS, which is in the Kansas City
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through May 2031. The purchase price
was $31,737,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $22,215,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.96%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,196,000. In connection with the acquisition,
the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount
to an Intangible Asset. 

FedEx Ground Package System,
Inc. s ultimate parent, FedEx Corporation, General Electric Company and Challenger Lifts, Inc. s ultimate parent,
Snap-on Incorporated are publicly-owned companies and financial information related to these entities is available at the SEC s
website,  www.sec.gov . The references in this report to the SEC s website are not intended to and do not include or
incorporate by reference into this report the information on those websites. 

Expansions   

On July 29, 2016, a 246,434
square foot expansion of a building leased to Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation ( Milwaukee Tool ) located in Olive
Branch, MS, which is located in the Memphis, TN MSA, was completed for a cost of approximately $9,785,000. This resulted in a
new 12 year lease which extended the original lease expiration date from April 2023 through July 2028 and increased the building
size from 615,455 to 861,889 square feet. In addition, the expansion resulted in an initial increase in annual rent effective
on the date of completion of approximately $847,000 from approximately $1,943,000, or $3.16 per square foot, to approximately
$2,790,000, or $3.24 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent will increase each year by 1.5% resulting in an annualized rent
over the new twelve year period of approximately $3,020,000, or $3.50 per square foot. In September 2016, in connection with the
expansion, the Company refinanced its prior 3.76% interest rate mortgage with its existing lender of this property. At the time
of the refinancing, the prior amortizing loan was approximately $13,158,000 and was set to mature in January 2023. The new loan
is a 12 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $25,000,000 and will mature in October 2028. The interest rate of the new loan remained
the same as the prior loan at a fixed interest rate of 3.76%. 

On August 1, 2016, a parking
lot expansion for a property leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Tampa, FL was completed for a cost of approximately
$1,303,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from June 2024 through July 2026.
In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion of approximately $131,000
from approximately $1,493,000, or $8.74 per square foot to approximately $1,624,000, or $9.51 per square foot. 

On August 1, 2016, a 14,941
square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Huntsville, AL was completed for a
cost of approximately $1,925,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from August
2022 through July 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion
of approximately $193,000 from approximately $412,000, or $5.59 per square foot, to approximately $605,000 or $6.82 per square
foot. 

Table of Contents    

Fiscal 2015  

Acquisitions   

On October 3, 2014, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 163,378 square foot industrial building located in Lindale, TX, which is in the Tyler MSA.
The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for ten years through June 2024. The purchase price was $10,271,355.
The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $7,000,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.57%. Annual rental revenue
over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $725,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its
evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $341,355 to an Intangible Asset associated
with the lease in-place. 

On October 10, 2014, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 198,773 square foot industrial building located in Sauget, IL, which is in the St. Louis,
MO MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through May 2029. The purchase
price was $15,231,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $10,660,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.40%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $1,036,000. In connection with the acquisition, the
Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $31,000 to an Intangible
Asset associated with the lease in-place. 

On October 14, 2014, the
Company purchased a 38,833 square foot industrial building located in Rockford, IL, which was constructed in 2012. The building
is 100% net-leased to B/E Aerospace, Inc. for fifteen years through June 2027. The property was acquired, all-cash, for a purchase
price of $5,200,000. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $359,000. In connection with
the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated
$100,000 to an Intangible Asset associated with the lease in-place. 

On November 25, 2014,
the Company purchased a newly constructed 158,417 square foot industrial building located in Kansas City, MO. The building is
100% net-leased to Bunzl Distribution Midcentral, Inc. for seven years through September 2021. The purchase price was $9,635,770.
The Company obtained a 7 year mortgage, of $7,226,828, amortizing over 25 years at a fixed interest rate of 5.18%. Annual rental
revenue over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $736,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed
its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $35,770 to an Intangible Asset associated
with the lease in-place. 

On December 12, 2014,
the Company purchased a newly constructed 599,840 square foot industrial building located in Frankfort, KY, which is in the Lexington
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to Jim Beam Brands Company for ten years through January 2025. The purchase price was $28,000,000.
The Company obtained a 10 year mortgage, of $19,600,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.84% with an amortization schedule as follows:
amortizing over 18 years during the first 30 months, amortizing over 14 years during the next 30 months, amortizing over 11 years
during the next 30 months and amortizing over 8 years during the final 30 months. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term
of the lease is approximately $1,989,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired
lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

On February 26, 2015,
the Company purchased a newly constructed 297,579 square foot industrial building located in Jacksonville, FL. The building is
100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through December 2029. The purchase price was $30,645,954.
The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $20,000,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.93%. Annual rental revenue
over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $1,992,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its
evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

Table of Contents    

On March 13, 2015, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 232,200 square foot industrial building located in Monroe, OH, which is in the Cincinnati
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to UGN, Inc. for fifteen years through February 2030. The purchase price was $13,416,000.
The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $8,700,000 at a fixed interest rate of 3.77%. Annual rental revenue
over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $1,045,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its
evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $479,000 to an Intangible Asset associated
with the lease in-place. 

On May 7, 2015, the Company
purchased a newly constructed 671,354 square foot industrial building located in Greenwood, IN, which is in the Indianapolis MSA.
The building is 100% net-leased to ULTA, Inc. for ten years through July 2025. The purchase price was $37,484,574. The Company
obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $24,286,230 at a fixed interest rate of 3.91%. Annual rental revenue over the
remaining term of the lease is approximately $2,644,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation
of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

On August 14, 2015, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 304,608 square foot industrial building located in Fort Worth, TX, in the Fort Worth Alliance
Airport, which is in the Dallas MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through
April 2030. The purchase price was $35,300,832. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $24,700,000 at a fixed
interest rate of 3.56%. Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $2,362,000. In connection
with the acquisition, the Company completed its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company has
not allocated any amount to an Intangible Asset. 

On September 25, 2015,
the Company purchased a 63,840 square foot industrial building located in Cincinnati, OH, which was constructed in 2014. The building
is 100% net-leased to The American Bottling Company for fifteen years through August 2029. The lease is guaranteed by the parent
company, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. The property was acquired, all-cash, for a purchase price of $6,800,000. Annual rental
revenue over the remaining term of the lease is approximately $480,000. In connection with the acquisition, the Company completed
its evaluation of the acquired lease. As a result of its evaluation, the Company allocated $50,000 to an Intangible Asset associated
with the lease in-place. 

FedEx Ground Package System,
Inc. s ultimate parent, FedEx Corporation, B/E Aerospace, Inc., ULTA Inc. s ultimate parent, Ulta Salon, Cosmetics
  Fragrance, Inc. and The American Bottling Company s ultimate parent, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. are publicly-owned
companies and financial information related to these entities is available at the SEC s website,  www.sec.gov . Jim
Beam Brands Company s ultimate parent, Suntory Beverage   Food Limited is a publicly-owned company and financial information
related to this entity is available at the Tokyo Stock Exchange s website,  www.jpx.co.jp/english  and Bunzl Distribution
Midcentral, Inc. s ultimate parent, Bunzl plc is a publicly-owned company and financial information related to this entity
is available at the U.K. government s website,  https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/companies-house . The references
in this report to the SEC s website, the Tokyo Stock Exchange s website and the U.K. government s website are
not intended to and do not include or incorporate by reference into this report the information on those websites. 

Expansions   

In September 2013, a 51,765
square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in El Paso, TX was completed for a cost
of approximately $3,800,000 resulting in an increase in annual rent effective October 1, 2013 from $667,584, or $7.27 per square
foot, to $1,045,610, or $7.25 per square foot. In addition, the expansion resulted in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior
lease expiration date from September 2015 through September 2023. During June 2015, a parking lot expansion for the same property
was completed for a cost of approximately $2,472,000 resulting in an increase in annual rent effective July 1, 2015 to $1,345,289,
or $9.33 per square foot. 

Table of Contents    

During December 2014,
a 62,260 square foot expansion of a building leased to NF M International, Inc. located in Monaca (Pittsburgh), PA was completed
for a cost of approximately $4,503,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from September
2018 through December 2024. In addition, the expansion resulted in an initial increase in annual rent effective January 1, 2015
from $381,805, or $3.39 per square foot, to $820,000, or $4.69 per square foot. Furthermore, annual rent will increase in year
five of the lease effective January 1, 2020 to $841,600, or $4.81 per square foot, resulting in an annualized rent over the new
ten year period of $830,800, or $4.75 per square foot. 

During June 2015, a 38,428
square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Oklahoma City, OK was completed for
a cost of approximately $3,332,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from March
2022 through June 2025. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective August 1, 2015 from $712,532,
or $5.94 per square foot, to $1,048,250, or $6.62 per square foot. 

During August 2015, a
48,116 square foot expansion of a building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Waco, TX was completed for a
cost of approximately $4,125,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from May 2022
through August 2025. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective August 15, 2015 from $659,324,
or $6.43 per square foot, to $1,078,383, or $7.16 per square foot. 

Disposition    

On September 18, 2015,
the Company sold its 160,000 square foot industrial building located in Monroe, NC for $9,000,000, with net sale proceeds to the
Company of approximately $8,847,000. The property was sold to Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company, the tenant that was leasing
the property from the Company through July 31, 2017 at an annual rental rate of approximately $571,000. The Company purchased
this property in 2001 and it had a historic cost basis of approximately $5,557,000 and a net book value (net of accumulated depreciation)
of approximately $3,825,000. The sale resulted in a realized gain of approximately $5,021,000, representing a 131% gain over the
depreciated U.S. GAAP basis and a realized gain on a historic cost of approximately $3,290,000, representing a 59% gain over the
Company s historic cost basis. 

Subsequent to the yearend,
on October 27, 2016, the Company sold its only vacant building, (which increased our occupancy rate from 99.6% to 100.0%), consisting
of a 59,425 square foot industrial building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN for approximately $4,272,000,
which is the Company s approximate U.S. GAAP net book carrying value. 

Since the sale of these
properties do not represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the Company s operations and financial
results, the operations generated from these properties are not included in Discontinued Operations. 

Table of Contents    

The following table summarizes
the operations of the Company s 160,000 square foot industrial building located in Monroe, NC prior to its sale on September
18, 2015 and the 59,425 square foot industrial building located in White Bear Lake, MN prior to its sale on October 27, 2016 which
are included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal year ended September 30: 

Pro forma information   

The following unaudited
pro forma condensed financial information has been prepared utilizing the historical financial statements of the Company and the
effect of additional revenue and expenses from the properties acquired and expanded subsequent to the fiscal yearend (see Note
17), and properties acquired and expanded during fiscal 2016 and 2015 assuming that these acquisitions and expansions had occurred
as of October 1, 2014, after giving effect to certain adjustments including (a) Rental Revenue adjustments resulting from the
straight-lining of scheduled rent increases, (b) Interest Expense resulting from the assumed increase in Mortgage Notes Payable
related to the new acquisitions and (c) Depreciation Expense related to the new acquisitions. In addition, Net Income Attributable
to Common Shareholders excludes the operating expenses incurred during fiscal 2015 and 2016 for the one vacant property, located
in White Bear Lake, MN, that was sold during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, on October 27, 2016. Additionally, Net Income Attributable
to Common Shareholders excludes the income generated from the one property sold in fiscal 2015 as well as the Gain on Sale of
Real Estate Investment recognized from this sale during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. Furthermore, the proceeds raised
from the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the DRIP) were used to fund property acquisitions and expansions and therefore,
the weighted average shares outstanding used in calculating the Basic and Diluted Net Income per Share Attributable to Common
Shareholders has been adjusted to account for the increase in shares raised through the DRIP, as if all the shares raised had
occurred on October 1, 2014. The unaudited pro forma condensed financial information is not indicative of the results of operations
that would have been achieved had the acquisitions reflected herein been consummated on the dates indicated or that will be achieved
in the future. 

Table of Contents    

NOTE 4   INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Net intangible assets
consist of the estimated value of the leases in-place at acquisition for the following properties and are amortized over the remaining
term of the lease: 

Amortization expense related
to these intangible assets was $1,076,776, $1,310,904 and $1,305,336 for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The Company estimates that aggregate amortization expense for existing intangible assets will be approximately $960,000, $909,000,
$866,000, $730,000 and $718,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents    

NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT CONCENTRATIONS
OF CREDIT RISK  

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had approximately 16,010,000 square feet of property, of which approximately 7,584,000 square feet, or 47%, consisting
of fifty-three separate stand-alone leases, were leased to FedEx Corporation (FDX) and its subsidiaries, (6% to FDX and 41% to
FDX subsidiaries). These properties are located in twenty-four different states. As of September 30, 2016, the only tenants that
leased 5% or more of the Company s total square footage were FDX and its subsidiaries and Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation,
which leased approximately 862,000 square feet, comprising approximately 5% of the Company s rental space. The tenants that
leased more than 5% of total rentable square footage as of September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014 were as follows: 

During fiscal 2016, the
only tenant that accounted for 5% or more of our rental and reimbursement revenue was FDX (including its subsidiaries). Our rental
and reimbursement revenue from FDX and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
totaled approximately $52,793,000, $41,954,000 and $35,007,000, or 56% (7% from FDX and 49% from FDX subsidiaries), 54% (8% from
FDX and 46% from FDX subsidiaries) and 54% (10% from FDX and 44% from FDX subsidiaries), of total rent and reimbursement revenues.
No other tenant accounted for 5% or more of the Company s total Rental and Reimbursement revenue for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

In addition to real estate
property holdings, the Company held $73,604,894 in marketable REIT securities at September 30, 2016, representing 5.3% of the
Company s undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). These liquid
real estate holdings are not included in calculating the tenant concentration ratios above and therefore further enhance the Company s
diversification. As a result, the securities portfolio provides the Company with additional liquidity, diversification, income
and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available. 

NOTE 6   SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR
SALE  

The Company s securities
available for sale consist primarily consist of marketable common and preferred stock securities of other REITs. The Company generally
limits its investment in marketable securities to be no more than approximately 10% of its undepreciated assets, (which is the
Company s total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). The Company does not own more than 10% of the outstanding shares
of any of these issuers, nor does it have a controlling financial interest. 

The Company normally holds
REIT securities long term and has the ability and intent to hold these securities to recovery. The Company had total net unrealized
gains on its securities portfolio of $12,942,267 as of September 30, 2016. 

The Company did not have
any securities that were temporarily impaired as of September 30, 2016. 

The Company did not have
any margin loan balance as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. The margin loan balance, if any, would be collateralized by the securities
portfolio. 

Dividend income for the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 totaled $5,607,403, $3,707,498, and $3,863,136, respectively. Interest income
for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 totaled $8,989, $16,369 and $19,461, respectively.  

The Company received proceeds
of $22,774,768, $16,201,480 and $14,279,391 on sales or redemptions of securities available for sale during fiscal years 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company recorded the following realized Gain on Sale of Securities Transactions, net: 

Table of Contents    

The following is a listing of investments
in securities at September 30, 2016: 

(1) Investment is in a related company. See
Note No. 11 for further discussion. 

Table of Contents    

The following is a listing of investments
in securities at September 30, 2015: 

(1) Investment is in a related company. See
Note No. 11 for further discussion. 

Table of Contents    

NOTE 7- MORTGAGE NOTES AND LOANS PAYABLE

Mortgage Notes Payable:  

Mortgage Notes Payable
represents the principal amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2016. Interest is payable on these mortgages at fixed rates ranging
from 3.45% to 7.60%, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.48%. This compares to a weighted average interest rate of 4.85%
as of September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the weighted average loan maturity of the Mortgage Notes Payable was 10.5
years. This compares to a weighted average loan maturity of the Mortgage Notes Payable of 9.0 years as of September 30, 2015. 

As described in Note 3,
during fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into eight mortgages totaling $141,586,000 in connection with
the acquisitions of properties in Concord (Charlotte), NC, Covington (New Orleans), LA, Imperial (Pittsburgh), PA, Burlington
(Seattle/Everett), WA, Colorado Springs, CO, Louisville, KY, Davenport (Orlando), FL and Olathe (Kansas City), KS. In addition,
also described in Note 3, in connection with the 246,434 square foot expansion of the Company s property located in Olive
Branch, MS (Memphis, TN), the Company refinanced its prior 3.76% interest rate mortgage with its existing lender of this property.
At the time of the refinancing, the prior amortizing loan was approximately $13,158,000 and was set to mature in January 2023.
The new loan is a 12 year fully-amortizing mortgage of $25,000,000 and will mature in October 2028. The interest rate of the new
loan remained the same as the prior loan at a fixed interest rate of 3.76%. 

During the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2016, the Company repaid the mortgages on Beltsville, MD; Granite City, IL; Griffin, GA and Wheeling, IL amounting
to $14,739,654 at the time they were repaid. In addition, the Company fully repaid its fully amortized mortgage on its property
located in St. Joseph, MO. 

The following is a summary
of mortgage notes payable at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents    

Table of Contents    

Principal on the foregoing debt at September
30, 2016 is scheduled to be paid as follows: 

The above table does not
include a fifteen year, fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $23,500,000 obtained in connection with the purchase of one property
for $35,100,000 subsequent to the fiscal yearend at a fixed interest rate of 4.03%. In addition, the above table does not include
commitments the Company has entered into to obtain five mortgage loans totaling $101,204,000 at fixed interest rates ranging from
3.60% to 4.20%, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%. Each of these five mortgage loan commitments are in connection
with commitments to purchase five properties, currently under construction, totaling approximately $153,726,000. Each of these
five mortgages will have fifteen year terms and consist of fully-amortizing loans. 

Loans Payable:  

BMO Capital Markets   

On August 27, 2015, the
Company replaced its prior $60,000,000 unsecured revolving line of credit, with a new unsecured line of credit facility (the  Facility ).
The Facility is syndicated with three banks led by BMO Capital Markets ( BMO ), as sole lead arranger, sole book runner,
and Bank of Montreal as administrative agent, and includes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ( J.P. Morgan ) and RBC Capital
Markets ( RBC ) as co-syndication agents. The Facility provided for up to $130,000,000 in available borrowings with
a $70,000,000 accordion feature under the Facility, bringing the total potential availability up to $200,000,000, subject to certain
conditions. The Facility was set to mature in August 2019 and had a one-year extension option, at the option of the Company. On
September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a first amendment (the  Amendment ) pursuant to which the Company exercised
the $70,000,000 accordion feature under the Facility, bringing the maximum availability under the Facility to $200,000,000, and
amended the Facility to provide an additional $100,000,000 accordion feature, bringing the total potential availability up to
$300,000,000, subject to certain conditions, including, without limitation, obtaining commitments from additional lenders. In
addition, the Amendment extended the maturity date of the Facility from August 27, 2019 to September 30, 2020, with a one-year
extension option, at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions. Availability under the Facility, through December
31, 2016, is limited to 70% of the value of the borrowing base properties, and is limited to 60% of the value of the borrowing
base properties thereafter. The value of the borrowing base properties is determined by applying a 7.0% capitalization rate to
the net operating income generated by the Company s unencumbered, wholly-owned industrial properties. Borrowings under the
Facility, up to the first 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties, will, at the Company s election, either i)
bear interest at LIBOR plus 140 basis points to 220 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage ratio, or ii) bear
interest at BMO s prime lending rate plus 40 basis points to 120 basis points, depending on the Company s leverage
ratio. The Company s current borrowings as of September 30, 2016 were less than 60% of the value of the borrowing base properties
and based on the Company s leverage ratio as of September 30, 2016, borrowings under the Facility bear interest at LIBOR
plus 150 basis points which was at an interest rate of 2.03% as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $76,000,000 was
drawn down under the Facility. 

Table of Contents    

Two River Community Bank and The Bank
of Princeton   

The Company has total
loans payable of $4,790,684 consisting of a $2,284,633 term loan secured by 200,000 shares of UMH Properties, Inc. (UMH) 8.25%
Series A preferred stock from Two River Community Bank at an annual interest rate of 4.90%, which was paid in full on October
28, 2016, and a $2,506,051 term loan secured by 500,000 shares of UMH common stock from The Bank of Princeton at a variable annual
interest rate of prime plus 0.75% with a floor of 4.50%, maturing on March 9, 2017. The interest rate on the $2,506,051 term loan
with The Bank of Princeton was 4.50% as of September 30, 2016. 

Margin Loans   

The Company from time
to time uses a margin loan for purchasing securities, for temporary funding of acquisitions, and for working capital purposes.
This loan is due on demand and is collateralized by the Company s securities portfolio. The Company must maintain a coverage
ratio of approximately 50%. The interest rate charged on the margin loan is the bank s margin rate and was 2.00% as of September
30, 2016 and 2015. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no draws against the margin loan. 

NOTE 8 - OTHER LIABILITIES  

Other liabilities consist
of the following as of September 30th: 

NOTE 9 - STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN  

On July 26, 2007, the
2007 Stock Option and Stock Award Plan (the 2007 Plan) was approved by the shareholders authorizing the grant to officers, directors
and key employees, of options to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock. On May 6, 2010, the Company s shareholders
approved an amendment and restatement of the 2007 Plan. The amendment and restatement made two significant changes: (1) the inclusion
of directors as participants in the 2007 Plan and (2) the ability to grant restricted stock to directors, officers and key employees.
The amendment and restatement also made other conforming, technical and other minor changes. The amendment also makes certain
modifications and clarifications, including concerning administration and compliance with applicable tax rules, such as Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Options or restricted
stock may be granted any time as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee up through March 26, 2017. No option
shall be available for exercise beyond ten years. All options are exercisable after one year from the date of grant. The option
price shall not be below the fair market value at date of grant. Canceled or expired options are added back to the  pool 
of shares available under the 2007 Plan. 

The Compensation Committee
determines the recipients of each restricted stock award; the number of restricted shares to be awarded; the length of the restricted
period of the award; the restrictions applicable to the award including, without limitation, the employment or retirement status
of the participant; rules governing forfeiture and restrictions applicable to any sale, assignment, transfer, pledge or other
encumbrance of the restricted stock during the restricted period; and the eligibility to share in dividends and other distributions
paid to the Company s shareholders during the restricted period. The maximum number of shares underlying restricted stock
awards that may be granted in any one fiscal year to a participant shall be 100,000. 

Table of Contents    

Unless otherwise provided
for in an underlying restricted stock award agreement, if a participant s status as an employee or director of the Company
is terminated by reason of death or disability, the restrictions will lapse on such date. Unless otherwise provided for in an
underlying restricted stock award agreement, the Plan provides that if an individual s status as an employee or director
is terminated by reason of retirement following an involuntary termination (other than for  cause  as defined in the
Plan), the restrictions will generally lapse, unless the restricted stock award is intended to constitute  performance based 
compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. If a participant s status as an employee or director
terminates for any other reason, the Plan provides that a participant will generally forfeit any outstanding restricted stock
awards, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable award agreement. Shares of restricted stock that are forfeited become available
again for issuance under the Plan. The Compensation Committee has the authority to accelerate the time at which the restrictions
may lapse whenever it considers that such action is in the best interests of the Company and of its shareholders, whether by reason
of changes in tax laws, or a  change in control  as defined in the 2007 Plan or otherwise. 

The Company accounts
for stock options and restricted stock in accordance with ASC 718-10, Compensation-Stock Compensation. ASC 718-10 requires that
compensation cost for all stock awards be calculated and amortized over the service period (generally equal to the vesting period). 

Stock Options  

During fiscal 2016, 2015
and 2014, one employee was granted options to purchase 65,000 shares each fiscal year. The fair value of these options was $48,100,
$60,315, and $34,549 in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively based on the assumptions below and is being amortized over a
one-year vesting period. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, amounts charged to compensation expense
related to stock options totaled $51,334, $53,873 and $35,910, respectively. The remaining unamortized stock option expense was
$12,085 as of September 30, 2016 which will be expensed in fiscal 2017. 

The fair value of each
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Table of Contents    

A summary of the status of the Company s
stock option plan as of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 

The following is a summary of stock options
outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

The aggregate intrinsic
value of options outstanding as of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $2,189,850, $816,800 and $1,212,984, respectively. The
intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $884,350, $333,369, and $361,288, respectively. The
weighted-average remaining contractual term of the above options was 4.2, 3.1 and 2.7 years as of September 30, 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. 

Restricted Stock  

In September 2016, the
Company awarded 40,000 shares of restricted stock to one participant under the 2007 Plan. In July 2015, the Company awarded 47,000
shares of restricted stock to twelve participants and in September 2015, the Company awarded 11,000 shares of restricted stock
to eleven participants under the 2007 Plan. In July 2014, the Company awarded 10,000 shares of restricted stock to one participant
under the 2007 Plan. The grant date fair value of restricted stock grants awarded to participants was $545,600, $572,840 and $101,900
in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These grants vest in equal installments over five years. As of September 30, 2016,
there remained a total of $675,813 of unrecognized restricted stock compensation related to outstanding non-vested restricted
stock grants awarded under the 2007 Plan and outstanding at that date. Restricted stock compensation is expected to be expensed
over a remaining weighted average period of 3.0 years. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, amounts charged
to compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled $875,131, $395,022 and $311,092, respectively. 

Table of Contents    

A summary of the status
of the Company s non-vested restricted stock awards as of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are presented below: 

As of September 30, 2016,
there were 444,878 shares available for grant as stock options or restricted stock under the 2007 Plan. 

NOTE 10 - INCOME FROM LEASES  

The Company derives income
primarily from operating leases on its commercial properties. In general, these leases are written for periods up to ten years
or more with various provisions for renewal. These leases generally contain clauses for reimbursement (or direct payment) of real
estate taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other operating expenses of the properties. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had a weighted average lease maturity of 7.4 years. Minimum base rents due under non-cancellable leases as of September 30, 2016
are approximately scheduled as follows: 

NOTE 11 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

There are six directors
of the Company who are also directors and shareholders of UMH. The Company holds common and preferred stock of UMH in its securities
portfolio. See Note 6 for current holdings. During fiscal 2016, the Company made total purchases of 77,456 common shares of UMH
for a total cost of $777,588, or a weighted average cost of $10.04 per share, of which 67,456 shares were purchased through UMH s
Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. In addition, the Company made total purchases 100,000 shares of UMH s 8.00%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a total cost of $2,500,000. During fiscal 2016, UMH made total purchases of
120,098 common shares of the Company through the Company s DRIP for a total cost of $1,348,141, or a weighted average cost
of $11.23 per share. 

The Company currently
has thirteen full-time employees and one part-time employee. One of the Company s employees (Director of Investor Relations,
promoted to Vice President of Investor Relations in June 2015) was shared with a related entity, UMH, through September 30, 2015.
Through September 30, 2015, the Vice President of Investor Relations  salary was allocated 70% to the Company and 30% to
UMH based on the time she worked for each entity. Effective October 1, 2015, the Vice President of Investor Relations began working
solely for the Company at which point the Company no longer allocates any portion of her salary to UMH. In addition, the Company s
Chairman of the Board is also the Chairman of the Board of UMH. Effective as of October 1, 2015, other than the Company s
Chairman of the Board, the Company does not share any employees with UMH. 

Table of Contents    

Some general and administrative
expenses are allocated between the Company and UMH based on use or services provided. These allocations are reviewed by our Audit
Committee. Net shared expenses charged by UMH to the Company for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were
$55,196, $158,727 and $394,927, respectively. 

On August 22, 2014, the
Company entered into a seven-year lease agreement to occupy 5,680 square feet for the Company s new corporate office space.
The new corporate office space is located in a new separate suite located in the same building as the Company s former corporate
office space. The lease became effective January 12, 2015, at which time, the Company ceased to share rent expense with UMH. Rent
for the Company s new corporate office space is at an annual rate of $99,400 or $17.50 per square foot for years one through
five and an annual rate of $100,820 or $17.75 per square foot for years six and seven. The Company is also responsible for its
proportionate share of real estate taxes and common area maintenance. Mr. Eugene W. Landy, the Founder and Chairman of the Board
of the Company, owns a 24% interest in the entity that is the landlord of the property where the Company s new corporate
office space is located. 

Daniel D. Cronheim is
a director of the Company and Executive Vice President of David Cronheim Company (Cronheim) and Cronheim Management Services,
Inc. (CMSI). Daniel Cronheim received $49,500, $47,000 and $42,000 for director s fees in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The David Cronheim Mortgage Corporation, an affiliated company of CMSI, received $-0-, $196,000 and $140,000 in mortgage brokerage
commissions in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The industrial property
in Carlstadt, New Jersey is owned by Palmer Terrace Realty Associates, LLC. The Company owns 51% of Palmer Terrace Realty Associates,
LLC. This property is managed by Marcus Associates, an entity affiliated with the 49% non-controlling interest. Annual management
fees of $15,804 were paid to Marcus Associates for each of the fiscal years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

NOTE 12 - TAXES  

Income Tax  

The Company has elected
to be taxed as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code under Sections 856 to 860 and the comparable
New Jersey Statutes. Under such provisions, the Company will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income distributed currently
to shareholders, provided that at least 90% of its taxable income is distributed. As the Company has and intends to continue to
distribute all of its income currently, no provision has been made for income taxes. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT
in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative
minimum tax) and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation
as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and to federal income and excise
taxes on its undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries
is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. 

Federal Excise Tax  

The Company does not have
a Federal excise tax liability for the calendar years 2016, 2015 and 2014, since it intends to or has distributed all of its annual
income. 

Table of Contents    

Reconciliation Between U.S. GAAP Net Income
and Taxable Income  

The following table reconciles
net income attributable to common shares to taxable income for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Reconciliation Between Cash Dividends Paid
and Dividends Paid Deduction  

The following table reconciles
cash dividends paid with the dividends paid deduction for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

NOTE 13 - SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Common Stock   

The Company implemented
a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the DRIP) effective December 15, 1987, as amended. Under the terms of the DRIP
and subsequent amendments, shareholders who participate may reinvest all or part of their dividends in additional shares of the
Company at a discounted price (approximately 95% of market value) directly from the Company, from authorized but unissued shares
of the Company common stock. According to the terms of the DRIP, shareholders may also purchase additional shares by making optional
cash payments monthly. 

Amounts received in connection
with the DRIP and shares issued in connection with the DRIP for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were
as follows: 

Table of Contents    

The following cash distributions
were paid to common shareholders during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

On October 1, 2015, the
Company s Board of Directors approved a 6.7% increase in the Company s quarterly common stock dividend, raising it
to $0.16 per share from $0.15 per share. This represents an annualized dividend rate of $0.64 per share. The Company has maintained
or increased its cash dividend for twenty-five consecutive years. On October 3, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared
a quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share of its common stock to be paid December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close
of business on November 15, 2016. 

On May 28, 2014, the Company
completed a public offering of 8,050,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock (including the underwriters  option
to purchase 1,050,000 additional shares) at a price of $8.50 per share, before underwriting discounts. The Company received net
proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and all other transaction costs, of approximately $65,113,000. 

Preferred Stock  

On September 13, 2016,
the Company issued 5,400,000 shares of a 6.125% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series C Preferred Stock) at an
offering price of $25.00 per share in an underwritten public offering. The Company received net proceeds from the offering, after
deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering expenses, of approximately $130,543,000. On September 15, 2016,
the Company used $45,000,000 of such net proceeds from the offering to reduce the amounts outstanding under its Facility and on
October 14, 2016, the Company used $53,493,750 of such net proceeds from the offering to redeem all of the 2,139,750 issued and
outstanding shares of its 7.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (7.625% Series A Preferred Stock). In addition,
on October 14, 2016, the Company used $498,540 of such net proceeds from the offering to pay all dividends, accrued and unpaid,
to and including the redemption date of the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock. The Company intends to use the remaining proceeds
to reduce the amounts outstanding under its Facility and to purchase properties and fund expansions of its existing properties
in the ordinary course of business and for general corporate purposes. 

On September 14, 2016,
the Company announced that it intended to redeem all 2,139,750 issued and outstanding shares of its 7.625% Series A Preferred
Stock. As discussed above, the Company redeemed the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock on October 14, 2016 at a redemption price
of $25.00 per share, plus all dividends accrued and unpaid to and including the redemption date, in an amount equal to $0.23299
per share. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock has been reclassified out of stockholder's
equity and is reflected as a liability at redemption value and the Company has recognized a deemed dividend of $2,942,149 on the
Consolidated Statement of Income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which represents the difference between redemption
value and carrying value net of original deferred issuance costs. 

Prior to its redemption,
the annual dividend of the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock was $1.90625 per share, or 7.625%, of the $25.00 per share liquidation
value and was payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15. 

Table of Contents    

The Company s Board
of Directors have declared and the Company has paid the following dividends on the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock for the fiscal
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company has a total of 2,300,000 shares of 7.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series B Preferred Stock)
outstanding representing an aggregate liquidation preference of $57,500,000. 

The annual dividend of
the Series B Preferred Stock is $1.96875 per share, or 7.875% of the $25.00 per share liquidation value and is payable quarterly
in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15. The Series B Preferred Stock has no maturity and will remain outstanding
indefinitely unless redeemed or otherwise repurchased. Except in limited circumstances relating to the Company s qualification
as a REIT, and as described below, the Series B Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to June 7, 2017. On and after June 7,
2017, at any time and, from time to time, the Series B Preferred Stock will be redeemable in whole, or in part, at the Company s
option, at a cash redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to the
date of redemption. 

Upon the occurrence of
a Delisting Event, as defined in the Articles Supplementary (the  Series B Articles Supplementary ) classifying and
designating the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company may, at its option and subject to certain conditions, redeem the Series
B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 90 days after the Delisting Event, for a cash redemption price per share of Series
B Preferred Stock equal to $25.00 plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared), to, but not including,
the redemption date. 

Upon the occurrence of
a Change of Control, as defined in the Series B Articles Supplementary, the Company may, at its option and subject to certain
conditions, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change
of Control occurred, for a cash redemption price per share of Series B Preferred Stock equal to $25.00 plus any accumulated and
unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date. 

Table of Contents    

The Company s Board
of Directors have declared and the Company has paid the following dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock for the year ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

On October 3, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.4921875 per share to be paid December 15, 2016 to shareholders
of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company has a total of 5,400,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding representing an aggregate liquidation preference
of $135,000,000. 

The annual dividend of
the Series C Preferred Stock is $1.53125 per share, or 6.125% of the $25.00 per share liquidation value and is payable quarterly
in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15. The Series C Preferred Stock has no maturity and will remain outstanding
indefinitely unless redeemed or otherwise repurchased. Except in limited circumstances relating to the Company s qualification
as a REIT, and as described below, the Series C Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to September 15, 2021. On and after September
15, 2021, at any time and, from time to time, the Series C Preferred Stock will be redeemable in whole, or in part, at the Company s
option, at a cash redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to the
date of redemption. 

Upon the occurrence of
a Delisting Event, as defined in the Articles Supplementary (the  Series C Articles Supplementary ) classifying and
designating the Series C Preferred Stock, the Company may, at its option and subject to certain conditions, redeem the Series
C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 90 days after the Delisting Event, for a cash redemption price per share of Series
C Preferred Stock equal to $25.00 plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared), to, but not including,
the redemption date. 

Table of Contents    

Upon the occurrence of
a Change of Control, as defined in the Series C Articles Supplementary, the Company may, at its option and subject to certain
conditions, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change
of Control occurred, for a cash redemption price per share of Series C Preferred Stock equal to $25.00 plus any accumulated and
unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date. 

On October 3, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend for the period September 13, 2016 through November 30, 2016,
of $0.3317708 per share to be paid December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2016. 

Repurchase of Stock  

On January 19, 2016, the
Board of Directors reaffirmed its Share Repurchase Program (the Repurchase Program) that authorizes the Company to purchase up
to $10,000,000 in the aggregate of the Company s common stock. The Repurchase Program was originally created on March 3,
2009 and is intended to be implemented through purchases made from time to time using a variety of methods, which may include
open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or block trades, or by any combination of such methods, in accordance
with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. The size, scope and timing of any purchases will be
based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, regulatory and contractual requirements or consents,
and capital availability. The Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock,
and the program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion without prior notice.
The Company did not reacquire any of its shares of Common Stock during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, nor does the
Company possess any reacquired shares of Common Stock as of September 30, 2016. The maximum dollar value that may be purchased
under the Repurchase Program as of September 30, 2016 is $10,000,000. 

NOTE 14 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company follows ASC
825, Financial Instruments, for financial assets and liabilities recognized at fair value on a recurring basis. We measure certain
financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including securities available for sale. The fair value of
these certain financial assets was determined using the following inputs at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents    

In addition to the Company s
investments in Securities Available for Sale at Fair Value, the Company is required to disclose certain information about fair
values of its other financial instruments. Estimates of fair value are made at a specific point in time based upon, where available,
relevant market prices and information about the financial instrument. Such estimates do not include any premium or discount that
could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. For
a portion of the Company s other financial instruments, no quoted market value exists. Therefore, estimates of fair value
are necessarily based on a number of significant assumptions (many of which involve events outside the control of management).
Such assumptions include assessments of current economic conditions, perceived risks associated with these financial instruments
and their counterparties; future expected loss experience and other factors. Given the uncertainties surrounding these assumptions,
the reported fair values represent estimates only, and therefore cannot be compared to the historical accounting model. The use
of different assumptions or methodologies is likely to result in significantly different fair value estimates. 

The fair value of Cash
and Cash Equivalents approximates their current carrying amounts since all such items are short-term in nature. The fair value
of variable rate Loans Payable approximates their current carrying amounts since such amounts payable are at approximately a weighted-average
current market rate of interest. The estimated fair value of fixed rate mortgage notes payable is based on discounting the future
cash flows at a year-end risk adjusted borrowing rate currently available to the Company for issuance of debt with similar terms
and remaining maturities. These fair value measurements fall within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2016,
the fixed rate Mortgage Notes Payable fair value (estimated based upon expected cash outflows discounted at current market rates)
amounted to $493,675,000 and the carrying value amounted to $483,748,153. At September 30, 2016 the fixed rate Loans Payable fair
value (estimated based upon expected cash outflows discounted at current market rates) amounted to $4,800,000 and the carrying
value amounted to $4,790,684. When the Company acquires a property, it is required to fair value all of the assets and liabilities,
including intangible assets and liabilities, relating to the properties acquired lease (See Note 3). Those fair value measurements
fall within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

NOTE 15 - CASH FLOW  

During fiscal years 2016,
2015 and 2014, the Company paid cash for interest of $21,967,741, $18,617,553 and $16,191,170, respectively. 

During fiscal years 2016,
2015 and 2014, the Company had $8,369,146, $8,489,169 and $7,624,528, respectively, of dividends which were reinvested that required
no cash transfers. 

NOTE 16   CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS  

From time to time, the
Company can be subject to claims and litigation in the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that any such
claim or litigation will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated balance sheet or results of operations. 

In addition to the property
purchased subsequent to the fiscal yearend, as described below in Note 17, we have entered into agreements to purchase eight new
build-to-suit, industrial buildings that are currently being developed in Florida, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio and South Carolina
totaling approximately 2,099,000 square feet each with net-leased terms ranging between ten to fifteen years with a weighted average
lease maturity of 13.3 years. Approximately 1,267,000 square feet, or 60%, is leased to FDX and its subsidiaries. The purchase
price for the eight properties is approximately $212,373,000. Subject to satisfactory due diligence and other customary closing
conditions and requirements, we anticipate closing these eight transactions during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. In connection
with five of the eight properties, the Company has entered into commitments to obtain five mortgages totaling $101,204,000 at
fixed rates ranging from 3.60% to 4.20%, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%. Each of these mortgages will be a fifteen
year, fully-amortizing loan. 

Table of Contents    

NOTE 17   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

Material subsequent events
have been evaluated and are disclosed herein. 

On October 1, 2016, a
50,741 square foot expansion of the building leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. located in Edinburg, TX was completed
for a cost of approximately $4,988,000, resulting in a new 10 year lease which extended the prior lease expiration date from September
2021 through September 2026. In addition, the expansion resulted in an increase in annual rent effective from the date of completion
of approximately $499,000 from approximately $598,000, or $5.27 per square foot, to approximately $1,097,000, or $6.68 per square
foot. 

On October 17, 2016, the
Company purchased a newly constructed 338,584 square foot industrial building located in Hamburg, NY, which is in the Buffalo
MSA. The building is 100% net-leased to FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. for fifteen years through March 2031. The purchase price
was $35,100,000. The Company obtained a 15 year fully-amortizing mortgage loan of $23,500,000 at a fixed interest rate of 4.03%.
Annual rental revenue over the remaining term of the lease averages approximately $2,308,000. 

On October 27, 2016, the
Company sold its only vacant building (which increased our occupancy rate from 99.6% to 100.0%) consisting of a 59,425 square
foot industrial building situated on 4.78 acres located in White Bear Lake, MN for approximately $4,272,000, which is the Company s
approximate U.S. GAAP net book carrying value. 

The industrial properties
purchased, expanded and sold during fiscal 2017 to date increased our current total leasable square feet to approximately 16,340,000
and increased our occupancy rate to 100.0%. 

On September 14, 2016,
the Company announced that it intended to redeem all 2,139,750 issued and outstanding shares of its 7.625% Series A Preferred
Stock. The Company redeemed the 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock on October 14, 2016 at a redemption price of $25.00 per share,
totaling $53,493,750, plus all dividends accrued and unpaid to and including the redemption date, in an amount equal to $0.23299
per share, totaling $498,540, for a total cash payment of $25.23299 per share, totaling $53,992,290. As of September 30, 2016,
the outstanding 7.625% Series A Preferred Stock has been reclassified out of stockholder's equity and is reflected as a liability
at redemption value and the Company has recognized a deemed dividend of $2,942,149 on the Consolidated Statement of Income for
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which represents the difference between redemption value and carrying value net of original
deferred issuance costs. 

On October 3, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share of its common stock to be paid December 15,
2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2016. 

On October 3, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.4921875 per share to be paid December 15, 2016 to shareholders
of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2016. 

On October 3, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend for the period September 13, 2016 through November 30, 2016,
of $0.3317708 per share to be paid December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2016. 

Table of Contents    

NOTE 18   SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
DATA (UNAUDITED)  

The following is the Unaudited
Selected Quarterly Financial Data: 

SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED 

Certain amounts in the
Selected Quarterly Financial Data for the prior quarters have been reclassified to conform to the financial statement presentation
for the current year. 

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

    SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

  SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

  SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

  SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

(1)  
      See
    pages 145-147 for reconciliation.   

(2)  
      The
    aggregate cost for Federal tax purposes approximates historical cost.   

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

  SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

  SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  

  SCHEDULE III  

  REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

(1) Reconciliation 

REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS  

ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO SCHEDULE III  

  SEPTEMBER 30,  

(1)  Reconciliation  

Table of Contents    

MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO SCHEDULE III, (CONT D)  

  SEPTEMBER 30,  

(1)  Reconciliation (cont d)  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
of 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MONMOUTH
    REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT   

CORPORATION   

(registrant)   

Date:
    November 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Michael P. Landy    

Michael
    P. Landy, President, Chief Executive   

Officer
    and Director, its principal executive officer   

Date:
    November 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Kevin S. Miller    

Kevin
    S. Miller, Chief Financial Officer, its principal    

financial
    officer and principal accounting officer   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 ex10-16.htm

RESTRICTED
STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT - EMPLOYEE   

This
RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT, dated as of this __________, by and between Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, a Maryland
corporation (the  Company ), and _________, an individual employed by the Company (the  Participant ).  

WITNESSETH :  

WHEREAS,
the Company has adopted, through appropriate action of its Board of Directors and its shareholders, the Monmouth Real Estate Investment
Corporation Stock Option and Stock Award Plan (the  Plan ); and  

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to grant a Restricted Stock Award to the Participant under the Plan on the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth; and  

WHEREAS,
the Participant desires to accept such Restricted Stock Award from the Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the Plan;  

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, and other good and valuable consideration,
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Participant do mutually covenant and agree as follows:  

1.
        Grant of Restricted Stock.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth, the Participant is hereby granted a Restricted Stock Award of ______ shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share,
of the Company (the  Restricted Stock ).  

2.
        Issuance of Restricted Stock.  The number of shares of Restricted Stock granted
under Section 1 hereof shall be recorded on the books of the Company in the name of the Participant. The Company shall instruct
its stock transfer agent to place a stop transfer order on the Restricted Stock until such time as the Restrictions thereon shall
lapse. In the event that the Participant shall forfeit all or any portion of the Restricted Stock, the shares which are forfeited
automatically shall be transferred back to the Company. The Restrictions shall be those described in Sections 3 and 8 below, and
any such others as the Board of Directors or the Committee may deem appropriate.  

3.
        Vesting.  The Participant shall vest in the Restricted Stock Award granted hereunder,
and all Restrictions thereon shall lapse over five years, 20% each year (rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares),
with the first vesting commencing on _____________, hereunder if the Participant is still employed by the Company and/or any Subsidiary
on that date. Except as provided in Section 4(c) and (d) below, prior to such anniversary, no portion of the Restricted Stock
Award shall be vested.  

4.
        Termination as an Employee .  

In
the event that during the term of the Restricted Period the Participant s status as an employee of the Company terminates:  

(a)
      
       for
                                         Cause, the Participant shall forfeit any and all Restricted Stock Awards whose Restrictions
                                         have not lapsed; or,  

(b)  
      for
    any reason (other than death, disability, termination for cause or involuntary termination (other than for Cause) after meeting
    the definition of Retirement), the Participant shall forfeit any and all Restricted Stock Awards whose Restrictions have not
    lapsed; or,   

(c)
      
      due
    to death or disability, the Restrictions on any and all then outstanding Restricted Stock Awards shall lapse on the date of
    such termination; or,   

(d)
      
       except
                                         to the extent that this Restricted Stock Award is intended to constitute  performance
                                         based compensation  (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code and Treasury
                                         regulation section 1.162-27(e)), the Restrictions on any and all then outstanding Restricted
                                         Stock Awards shall lapse on the date of any Termination of Service that constitutes an
                                         involuntary termination of employment (other than for Cause) with the Company and its
                                         Subsidiaries on or after the Participant has met the definition of Retirement. The Committee
                                         in its sole discretion shall have the ability to determine whether any Termination of
                                         Service is voluntary or involuntary. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, if any
                                         such involuntary termination (other than for Cause) following such time as the Participant
                                         meets the definition of Retirement occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Grant
                                         Date, then the total number of Shares subject to this Award shall be reduced to an amount
                                         equal to the total number of Shares subject to this Award multiplied by a fraction, the
                                         numerator of which shall be equal to the number of months or partial months that have
                                         elapsed between the Grant Date of this Award and the date of Retirement followed by such
                                         involuntary termination and the denominator of which shall be insert a number equal to
                                         the number of months in the vesting period.    

5.       
 Forfeiture . All shares of non-vested Restricted Stock shall be automatically forfeited to the Company if the Board of Directors
of the Company determines that the Participant has breached a material obligation to the Company, including without limitation,
material provisions in any employment or confidentiality agreement.  

6.        Rights
of a Stockholder . So long as a Restricted Stock Award granted hereunder remains outstanding, the Participant shall be entitled
to all rights of a stockholder with respect to the Restricted Stock, including the right to vote the Restricted Stock granted
hereunder and to receive any dividends and other distributions payable with respect to such Shares of Restricted Stock beginning
from and after the Grant Date, provided however, any such dividend or payment shall be reinvested in additional Shares of Restricted
Stock which shall be transferred to the Participant, free of any Restrictions, if and when the Restrictions with respect to the
corresponding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall have lapsed.  

7.       
 Withholding Tax Liability . The Company shall have the right to withhold any income or other taxes due upon transfer of
shares to the Participant or the lapse of Restrictions, including the right to withhold shares or sell shares where appropriate.  

8.       
 Transfer Restrictions.  During the Restricted Period, the shares of Restricted Stock may not be transferred, assigned, pledged,
hypothecated or otherwise encumbered, and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, garnishment or other similar legal processes.
Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber or dispose of such shares, the shares immediately
shall be forfeited to the Company.  

9.
        Construction; No Contract of Continuing Engagement.  Nothing contained in this
Agreement, nor the granting of the Restricted Stock Award hereunder, shall be construed as giving the Participant or any other
person any legal or equitable rights against the Company or any subsidiary or any director, officer, employee or agent thereof,
except for those rights as are herein provided. Under no circumstances shall this Agreement be construed as an express or implied
contract of continuing employment for the Participant, nor shall the Restricted Stock Award granted hereunder in any manner obligate
the Company, or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, to continue the employment of the Participant.  

10.
        Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of the Company to enforce at any
time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.  

11.
        Amendments.  This Restricted Stock Award may be amended or modified at any time
by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, subject to any approvals required under the Company s Charter
or By-laws.  

12.       
 Miscellaneous.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the Plan may be from time to time
amended. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference, and the capitalized terms used but undefined herein
shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Plan. The Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees to
be bound by all the terms and provisions thereof. Any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan shall be resolved in favor
of the Plan.  

13.        Successors
and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the heirs, legatees, legal representatives,
successors and assigns of the parties hereto.  

14.        Section
409A . It is intended that awards under the Plan shall be and shall remain largely exempt from Section 409A of the Code. However,
if Section 409A of the Code is deemed to apply to the Plan or any payments or awards hereunder, then the Plan, payments or Awards
shall be structured, interpreted and administered by the Committee to be consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the
Code. Any provisions of Section 409A of the Code (or any guidance thereunder) which are required to be in the Plan, and which
are not already contained herein, are hereby incorporated by reference.  

15.        Specified
Employees . In the event any Participant is deemed to be a Specified Employee, as described in Section 409A of the Code, and
the Committee determines that Section 409A of the Code would require a six-month delay with respect to any payment hereunder to
avoid the imposition of any additional taxes under Section 409A with respect to such Specified Employee, such payment subject
to such delay shall be paid at the earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code.  

16.        Capitalized
Terms; Conflict with Plan or Employment Agreement . Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in
the Plan. In case of conflict between the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. In case of conflict
between the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and/or the Plan on the one hand and any written employment agreement on the other,
the former shall prevail, except and only to the extent that the employment agreement expressly provides otherwise.  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.  

COMPANY:   
       MONMOUTH
    REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION    

By:  

Title:  

The
    undersigned hereby accepts and agrees to all the terms and provisions of the foregoing Agreement and to all the terms and
    provisions of the Plan herein incorporated by reference.   

PARTICIPANT:  

</EX-10.16>

<EX-12>
 3
 ex12.htm

MONMOUTH
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES    

COMPUTATION
OF CONSOLIDATED RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED SHARE DISTRIBUTIONS    

(1)  
      Pro
    Forma information for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is presented because a portion of the proceeds received from
    the issuance of 5,400,000 shares of the Company s 6.125% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series C Preferred
    Stock) were used to redeem all of the Company s 2,139,750 outstanding 7.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
    Stock (Series A Preferred Stock). The Series C Preferred Stock was issued on September 13, 2016 and the Series A Preferred
    Stock was redeemed on October 14, 2016. The Pro Forma information has been presented as if the effects of the Preferred Dividends
    from the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock and the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock took place on October
    1, 2015.    

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21   

SUBSIDIARIES
OF MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION    

Monmouth
Capital Corporation, a New Jersey corporation  

  MRC
I LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company  

  MREIC
Financial, Inc., a Maryland corporation  

  Palmer
Terrace Realty Associates, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company  

  Wheeling
Partners, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company  

  Jones
EPI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
South Carolina, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company  

  MREIC
Illinois, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company  

  MREIC
Lebanon, Tennessee, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company  

  MREIC
Edinburg TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company  

  MREIC
El Paso, LLC, a Texas limited liability company  

  MREIC
Corpus Christi TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company  

  BB
Streetsboro, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company  

  MREIC
Lebanon OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company  

  Hemingway
at Halfmoon, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company  

  MREIC
Olive Branch MS, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company  

  MREIC
Oklahoma City OK, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company  

  MREIC
Waco TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company  

  MREIC
Livonia MI, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company  

  MREIC
Olive Branch MS II, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company  

  MREIC
Buckner KY, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company  

  MREIC
Rochester MN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Green Bay WI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Spring TX, LLC, a Texas limited liability company  

  MREIC
Edwardsville KS, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company  

  MREIC
O  Fallon MO, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company  

  MREIC
Richland MS, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company  

  MREIC
Ridgeland MS, LLC, a Mississippi limited liability company  

  MREIC
Urbandale IA, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company  

  MREIC
Orangeburg NY, LLC, a New York limited liability company  

  MREIC
Winston Salem NC, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company  

  MREIC
PA Altoona, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company  

  MREIC
Richfield OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company  

  MREIC
Tulsa OK, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Roanoke VA, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company  

  MREIC
PA Monaca, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company  

  MREIC
Indianapolis IN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Sauget IL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Tyler TX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Jacksonville FLA, LLC, a Florida limited liability company  

  MREIC
Kansas City MO, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company  

  MREIC
Frankfort KY, LLC a Kentucky limited liability company  

  MREIC
Rockford IL, LLC an Illinois limited liability company  

  MREIC
Indianapolis IN II, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company  

  MREIC
Monroe OH, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company  

  MREIC
Fort Worth TX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Cincinnati OH LLC, an Ohio limited liability company  

  MREIC
Concord NC, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company  

  MREIC
Covington LA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
PA Pittsburgh, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company  

  MREIC
Everett WA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Colorado Springs CO, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company  

  MREIC
Louisville KY, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company  

  MREIC
Orlando FL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Olathe KS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

  MREIC
Buffalo NY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex23.htm

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

The
Board of Directors   

   Monmouth
Real Estate Investment Corporation   

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-146902), on Form S-3D (File
Nos. 333-209856, 333-205304 and 333-196820) and on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-206187) of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation
of our reports dated November 25, 2016, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Monmouth Real Estate
Investment Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016.  

/s/
PKF O Connor Davies, LLP    

  New York, New York  

November
25, 2016  

*
* * * *  

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Michael P. Landy, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 28, 2016  

/s/
    Michael P. Landy    

Michael
    P. Landy   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

principal
    executive officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Kevin S. Miller, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 28, 2016  

/s/
    Kevin S. Miller    

Kevin
    S. Miller   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

Principal
    financial officer and principal accounting officer.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO PURSUANT TO    

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (the  Company ) for
the year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
Michael P. Landy, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Kevin S. Miller, as Chief Financial Officer, each
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of their knowledge:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

By:  
       /s/
    Michael P. Landy   

Name:  
      Michael
    P. Landy  

Title:  
      President
    and Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer  

Date:  
      November
    28, 2016  

By:  
       /s/
    Kevin S. Miller   

Name:  
      Kevin
    S. Miller  

Title:  
      Chief
    Financial Officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer  

Date:  
      November
28, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 mnr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 mnr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 mnr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 mnr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mnr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 mnr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

