<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1618673_0001193125-16-763037_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3318755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180525</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>223419</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>544015</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1371694</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>854307</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763037.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163201
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Performance Food Group Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618673
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & GENERAL LINE [5141]
		IRS NUMBER:				431983182
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0627

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37578
		FILM NUMBER:		161981637

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12500 WEST CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23238
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(804) 484-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12500 WEST CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23238

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763037.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d265325d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       Form 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended October 1, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission File Number 001-37578        
       Performance
Food Group Company      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(804) 484-7700   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 103,392,299 shares of common stock were outstanding as of November 1, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

3 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

5 

Item 1. 
    
  Financial Statements  

5 

Item 2. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

22 

Item 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

33 

Item 4. 
    
  Controls and Procedures  

35 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

35 

Item 1. 
    
  Legal Proceedings  

35 

Item 1A. 
    
  Risk Factors  

36 

Item 2. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

36 

Item 3. 
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

36 

Item 4. 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

36 

Item 5. 
    
  Other Information  

36 

Item 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

36 

SIGNATURE   

37 

2  

Table of Contents  

     SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ) may contain  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which are
subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts included in this Form 10-Q, including statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, beliefs, business strategies,
future events, business conditions, our results of operations, financial position and our business outlook, business trends and other information, may be forward-looking statements. Words such as  estimates,   expects, 
 contemplates,   will,   anticipates,   projects,   plans,   intends,   believes,   forecasts,   may,   should  and variations of such words or
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based upon our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions, many of
which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Our expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that
management s expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections will result or be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements.  
 There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ include, among others, the risks, uncertainties and factors
set forth under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 2016, as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, and are
accessible on the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov , and also include the following:      

competition in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to compete successfully;        

we operate in a low margin industry, which could increase the volatility of our results of operations;        

we may not realize anticipated benefits from our operating cost reduction and productivity improvement efforts, including our Winning Together program;    

our profitability is directly affected by cost inflation and deflation and other factors;        

we do not have long-term contracts with certain of our customers;        

group purchasing organizations may become more active in our industry and increase their efforts to add our customers as members of these organizations;    

changes in eating habits of consumers;        

extreme weather conditions;        

our reliance on third-party suppliers;        

labor relations and cost risks and availability of qualified labor;        

volatility of fuel and other transportation costs;        

inability to adjust cost structure where one or more of our competitors successfully implement lower costs;        

we may be unable to increase our sales in the highest margin portion of our business;        

changes in pricing practices of our suppliers;        

risks relating to any future acquisitions;        

environmental, health, and safety costs;        

our reliance on technology and risks associated with disruption or delay in implementation of new technology;        

product liability claims relating to the products we distribute and other litigation;        

negative media exposure and other events that damage our reputation;        

anticipated multiemployer pension related liabilities and contributions to our multiemployer pension plan;        

impact of uncollectibility of accounts receivable;        

difficult economic conditions affecting consumer confidence; and    
      3  

Table of Contents  

departure of key members of senior management.      We caution you that the risks, uncertainties
and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results, benefits or developments that we expect or anticipate
or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in the way expected. There can be no assurance that (i) we have correctly measured or identified all of the factors affecting our
business or the extent of these factors  likely impact, (ii) the available information with respect to these factors on which such analysis is based is complete or accurate, (iii) such analysis is correct or (iv) our strategy,
which is based in part on this analysis, will be successful. All forward-looking statements in this report apply only as of the date of this report or as of the date they were made and, except as required by applicable law, we undertake no
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.  
 Unless this Form 10-Q indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms  we,   our,   us, 
 the Company,  or  PFG  as used in this Form 10-Q refer to Performance Food Group Company and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements        PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  (Unaudited)       

(1) 
 As of the beginning of fiscal 2017, the Company elected to early adopt the provisions of ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .
The Company has made a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur and recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to Accumulated Deficit as of the date of adoption. Refer to Note 3. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements for further
discussion of the adoption of ASU 2016-09.      See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited
consolidated financial statements. 
      8  

Table of Contents  

   PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
   Supplemental disclosures of non-cash transactions are as follows:  

(In millions)   
    
  Three months ended October 1, 2016  

Three months ended September 26, 2015  

Disposal of property, plant and equipment under sale-leaseback transaction  
    
 $ 
 3.2 

9  

Table of Contents  

  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information are as follows:  
   
   See accompanying notes, which are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

   PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  Summary of Business Activities        Business Overview   
 Performance Food Group Company, through its subsidiaries, markets and distributes national and company-branded food and food-related products
to customer locations across the United States. The Company serves both of the major customer types in the restaurant industry: (i) independent, or  Street  customers, and (ii) multi-unit, or  Chain  customers, which
include regional and national family and casual dining restaurant chains, fast casual chains, and quick-service restaurants. The Company also serves schools, healthcare facilities, business and industry locations, and other institutional customers.

2.  
  Basis of Presentation       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the
Company, without audit, with the exception of the July 2, 2016 consolidated balance sheet, which was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
July 2, 2016 (the  Form 10-K ). The financial statements include consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of shareholders 
equity, and consolidated statements of cash flows. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which consist of normal recurring adjustments, except as otherwise disclosed, necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of
operations, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for all periods presented have been made.    The preparation of
the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates used by management are related to
the accounting for the allowance for doubtful accounts, reserve for inventories, impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets, acquisition accounting, reserves for claims and recoveries under insurance programs, vendor rebates and
other promotional incentives, bonus accruals, depreciation, amortization, determination of useful lives of tangible and intangible assets, and income taxes. Actual results could differ from these estimates.  
 The results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year. Therefore these financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Form 10-K. Certain footnote disclosures included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been
condensed or omitted pursuant to applicable rules and regulations for interim financial statements.      

3.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements        Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting . The Update includes provisions intended to simplify several aspects of how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. Such provisions include recognizing income tax effects
of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, allowing an employer to withhold shares in an amount up to the employee s maximum individual tax rate without resulting in liability classification of the award, allowing
entities to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur, and changes to the classification of tax-related cash flows resulting from share-based payments and cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employee s behalf
on the statement of cash flows. The amendments to this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. If
an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 as of the beginning of fiscal
2017. During the three months ended October 1, 2016, excess tax benefits of $0.5 million related to exercised and vested share-based compensation awards were recorded within income tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations and
presented as cash flows from operating activities within the consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company has made a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the date
of adoption was $0.5 million, after-tax. Additionally, cash payments to tax authorities in connection with shares withheld to meet statutory withholding requirements will be presented as a financing activity in the consolidated statement of cash
flows in the periods those payments are made.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This Update is a comprehensive new revenue
recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue that represents the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which provides clarifying guidance on principle versus agent
considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  which clarifies the guidance pertaining to identifying performance obligations
and the licensing implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , which provides narrow-scope improvements and practical
expedient regarding collectability, presentation of sales tax collected from customers, noncash consideration, contract modifications at transition, completed contracts at transition and other technical corrections.  
 Companies may use either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach for adoption of Topic 606. Topic 606, as amended by ASU
2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date,  is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting
period. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact the new standard will have on its future financial statements, but does not believe the impact will be material. The Company plans to implement the new standard using the modified
retrospective approach.    In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-11,
Inventory (Topic 330):  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . This Update requires an entity to measure most inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. When evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower
than its cost, the difference shall be recognized as a loss in earnings in the period in which it occurs. This Update is effective for public companies prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company does not believe this Update will have a material impact on its financial statements at the date of adoption.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . The ASU is a comprehensive new lease accounting model that
requires companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. For public entities, the ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Companies are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented in its financial statements using a modified
retrospective approach. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on its future financial statements and believes adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated balance sheets. Information
about our undiscounted future lease payments and the timing of those payments is in Note 12. Leases in our Form 10-K.    In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-13 related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. The pronouncement changes the impairment model for most financial assets, and will require the use of an  expected loss  model for instruments
measured at amortized cost. Under this model, entities will be required to estimate the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance to offset the amortized cost basis of the financial asset, resulting in a net
presentation of the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is in the process of
evaluating the impact of this ASU on our future financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15 related to the
classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The pronouncement provides clarification guidance on eight specific cash flow presentation issues that have developed due to diversity in practice. The issues
include, but are not limited to, debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, and cash receipts from payments on beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The
pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on our future
financial statements.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

4.  
  Business Combinations       During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company paid cash of
$14.8 million for an acquisition which increased goodwill by $1.2 million. During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company paid cash of $8.9 million for an acquisition which increased goodwill by $4.3 million. These acquisitions were immaterial
to the consolidated financial statements.    In the normal course of business, the Company may enter into a non-binding letter of intent or
a purchase agreement for the acquisition of businesses. Financial statements will include the operations of these acquisitions from their respective closing dates. The Company does not anticipate that these acquisitions will have a material impact
on our consolidated financial statements.    Subsequent to October 1, 2016, the Company paid $57.3 million for two acquisitions. These
acquisitions are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.      
   The Company is a holding company and conducts its operations through its
subsidiaries, which have incurred or guaranteed indebtedness as described below.    Debt consisted of the following:  
   
    ABL Facility   
 PFGC, Inc. ( PFGC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a party to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the
 ABL Facility ) dated February 1, 2016. The ABL Facility is secured by the majority of the tangible assets of PFGC and its subsidiaries. Performance Food Group, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of PFGC, is the lead borrower under the
ABL Facility, which is jointly and severally guaranteed by PFGC and all material domestic direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of PFGC (other than captive insurance subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries). Availability for loans and
letters of credit under the ABL Facility is governed by a borrowing base, determined by the application of specified advance rates against eligible assets, including trade accounts receivable, inventory, owned real properties, and owned
transportation equipment. The borrowing base is reduced quarterly by a cumulative fraction of the real properties and transportation equipment values. Advances on accounts receivable and inventory are subject to change based on periodic commercial
finance examinations and appraisals, and the real property and transportation equipment values included in the borrowing base are subject to change based on periodic appraisals. Audits and appraisals are conducted at the direction of the
administrative agent for the benefit and on behalf of all lenders.    Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest, at Performance Food
Group, Inc. s option, at (a) the Base Rate (defined as the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such date plus 0.5%, (ii) the Prime Rate on such day, or (iii) one month LIBOR plus 1.0%) plus a spread or
(b) LIBOR plus a spread. The ABL Facility also provides for an unused commitment fee ranging from 0.25% to 0.375%.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes outstanding borrowings, availability, and the average interest
rate under the ABL Facility:      
   The ABL Facility contains covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage
ratio if excess availability falls below the greater of (i) $130.0 million and (ii) 10% of the lesser of the borrowing base and the revolving credit facility amount for five consecutive business days. The ABL Facility also contains
customary restrictive covenants that include, but are not limited to, restrictions on PFGC s ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, create liens, make investments or specified payments, and dispose of assets. The ABL Facility
provides for customary events of default, including payment defaults and cross-defaults on other material indebtedness. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, amounts due under such agreement may be accelerated and the rights and remedies
of the lenders under such agreement available under the ABL Facility may be exercised, including rights with respect to the collateral securing the obligations under such agreement.  
  Senior Notes     On May 17, 2016,
Performance Food Group, Inc. issued and sold $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.500% Senior Notes due 2024 (the  Notes ), pursuant to an indenture dated as of May 17, 2016. The Notes are jointly and severally
guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by PFGC and all domestic direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of PFGC (other than captive insurance subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries). The Notes are not guaranteed by Performance Food Group
Company.    The proceeds from the Notes were used to pay in full the remaining outstanding aggregate principal amount of loans under a
Credit Agreement providing for a term loan facility and to terminate the facility; to temporarily repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility; and to pay the fees, expenses, and other transaction costs incurred in connection
with the Notes.    The Notes were issued at 100.0% of their par value. The Notes mature on June 1, 2024 and bear interest at a rate of
5.500% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears.    Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event or upon the sale of
certain assets in which Performance Food Group, Inc. does not apply the proceeds as required, the holders of the Notes will have the right to require Performance Food Group, Inc. to make an offer to repurchase each holder s Notes at a price
equal to 101% (in the case of a change of control triggering event) or 100% (in the case of an asset sale) of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Performance Food Group, Inc. may redeem all or a part of the Notes at any time
prior to June 1, 2019 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. In addition, beginning
on June 1, 2019, Performance Food Group, Inc. may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 102.750% of the principal amount redeemed. The redemption price decreases to 101.325% and 100.000% of the principal amount
redeemed on June 1, 2020 and June 1, 2021, respectively. In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2019, Performance Food Group, Inc. may redeem up to 40% of the Notes from the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption
price equal to 105.500% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest.    The indenture governing the Notes contains
covenants limiting, among other things, PFGC and its restricted subsidiaries  ability to incur or guarantee additional debt or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase,
capital stock; make certain investments; incur certain liens; enter into transactions with affiliates; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; create certain restrictions on the ability of PFGC s
restricted subsidiaries to make dividends or other payments to PFGC; designate restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and transfer or sell certain assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and
qualifications. The Notes also contain customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in the principal of and accrued interest on the Notes to become or be declared due and payable.  
 As of October 1, 2016, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes was $350.0 million with unamortized original issue discount of
$0.7 million and unamortized deferred financing costs of $8.0 million. For the three months ended October 1, 2016, interest expense included $0.2 million related to the amortization of original interest discount and deferred financing costs.
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The ABL Facility and the indenture governing the Notes contain customary restrictive covenants
under which all of the net assets of PFGC and its subsidiaries were restricted from distribution to Performance Food Group Company, except for approximately $340.0 million of restricted payment capacity available under such debt agreements, as of
October 1, 2016.     Unsecured Subordinated Promissory Note   
 In connection with an acquisition, Performance Food Group, Inc. issued a $6.0 million interest only, unsecured subordinated promissory note on
December 21, 2012, bearing an interest rate of 3.5%. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. The $6.0 million principal is due in a lump sum in December 2017. All amounts outstanding under this promissory note become immediately due and
payable upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company or PFGC, which includes the sale, lease, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of PFGC. This promissory note was initially recorded at its fair value of $4.2 million.
The difference between the principal and the initial fair value of the promissory note is being amortized as additional interest expense on a straight-line basis over the life of the promissory note, which approximates the effective yield method.
For the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016, interest expense included $0.1 million related to this amortization. As of October 1, 2016, the carrying value of the promissory note was $5.5 million.  

6.  
  Derivatives and Hedging Activities        Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives   
 The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its
exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and
duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of
future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates and diesel fuel costs. The Company s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the
Company s known or expected cash receipts and payments related to the Company s borrowings and diesel fuel purchases.    The
effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are both designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged transaction
occurs. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings.     Hedges of Interest Rate Risk
    The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure
to interest rate movements. Since the Company has a substantial portion of its debt in variable-rate instruments, it accomplishes this objective with interest rate swaps. These swaps are designated as cash flow hedges and involve the receipt of
variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. All of the Company s interest rate swaps are designated and
qualify as cash flow hedges.    As of October 1, 2016, Performance Food Group, Inc. had nine interest rate swaps with a combined $850
million notional amount. The following table summarizes the outstanding Swap Agreements as of October 1, 2016 (in millions):      
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The tables below present the effect of the interest rate swaps designated as hedging
relationships on the consolidated statement of operations for the three-month periods ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015:      
   As interest payments are made on the Company s variable rate debt, amounts are reclassified from
Accumulated other comprehensive loss to Interest expense. The Company recorded $0.4 million ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps during the three months ended October 1, 2016. The Company recorded no ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps
during the three months ended September 26, 2015. During the twelve months ending September 30, 2017, the Company estimates that an additional $3.8 million will be reclassified to interest expense.  
  Hedges of Forecasted Diesel Fuel Purchases   
 From time to time, Performance Food Group, Inc. enters into costless collar arrangements to manage its exposure to variability in cash flows
expected to be paid for its forecasted purchases of diesel fuel. As of October 1, 2016, Performance Food Group, Inc. was a party to six such arrangements, with an aggregate 9.0 million gallon original notional amount, of which an aggregate
6.8 million gallon notional amount was remaining. The remaining 6.8 million gallon forecasted purchases of diesel fuel are expected to be made between October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2017.  
 The fuel collar instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Accordingly, the derivative instruments are recorded as an asset or liability
on the balance sheet at fair value and any changes in fair value are recorded in the period of change as unrealized gains or losses on fuel hedging instruments and included in Other, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The
Company recorded $0.2 million in unrealized gains and $0.1 million in expense for cash settlements related to these fuel collars for the three-month period ended October 1, 2016, compared to $1.2 million in unrealized losses and $1.0 million in
expense for cash settlements related to these fuel collars for the three-month period ended September 26, 2015.    The Company does not
currently have a payable or receivable related to cash collateral for its derivatives, and therefore it has not established an accounting policy for offsetting the fair value of its derivatives against such balances. The table below presents the
fair value of the derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the balance sheet as of October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016:      

(in millions)  
    
  Balance Sheet Location  

Fair Value as of October 1, 2016  

Fair Value as of July 2, 2016  

Assets    

Derivatives not designated as hedges:   

Diesel fuel collars  

Other assets 

$ 
 0.1 

$ 
 0.1 

Total assets   

0.1 

0.1 

Liabilities    

Derivatives designated as hedges:   

Interest rate swaps  

Current derivative liabilities 

$ 
 3.7 

$ 
 4.9 

Interest rate swaps  

Long-term derivative liabilities  

2.8 

4.9 

Derivatives not designated as hedges:   

Diesel fuel collars  

Current derivative liabilities 

$ 
 0.1 

$ 
 0.4 

Total liabilities   

$ 
 6.6 

$ 
 10.2 

16  

Table of Contents  

  All of the Company s derivative contracts are subject to a master netting arrangement with
the respective counterparties that provide for the net settlement of all derivative contracts in the event of default or upon the occurrence of certain termination events. Upon exercise of termination rights by the non-defaulting party (i) all
transactions are terminated, (ii) all transactions are valued and the positive value or  in the money  transactions are netted against the negative value or  out of the money  transactions, and (iii) the only remaining
payment obligation is of one of the parties to pay the netted termination amount.    The Company has elected to present the derivative
assets and derivative liabilities on the balance sheet on a gross basis for periods ended October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016. The tables below present the derivative assets and liability balance, before and after the effects of offsetting,
as of October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016:      

October 1, 2016  

July 2, 2016  

(In millions)   
    
  Gross Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet  

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Subject to Netting Agreements  

Net Amounts  

Gross Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet  

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Subject to Netting Agreements  

Net Amounts  

Total asset derivatives:  
    
 $ 
 0.1 

$ 
 0.1 

$ 

$ 
 0.1 

$ 
 0.1 

$ 

Total liability derivatives:  

6.6 

0.1 

6.5 

10.2 

0.1 

10.1 
     
   The derivative instruments are the only assets or liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis. The fuel collars are exchange-traded commodities and their fair value is derived from valuation models based on certain assumptions regarding market conditions, some of which may be unobservable. Based on the lack of significance of these
unobservable inputs, the Company has concluded that these instruments represent Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of the Company s interest rate swap agreements are determined using a valuation model with several inputs and
assumptions, some of which may be unobservable. A specific unobservable input used by the Company in determining the fair value of its interest rate swaps is an estimation of both the unsecured borrowing spread to LIBOR for the Company as well as
that of the derivative counterparties. Based on the lack of significance of this estimated spread component to the overall value of the Company s interest rate swaps, the Company has concluded that these swaps represent Level 2 on the
hierarchy.    There have been no transfers between levels in the hierarchy from July 2, 2016 to October 1, 2016.  
  Credit-risk-related Contingent Features   
 The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that provide that if the Company either defaults or is capable of being
declared in default on any of its indebtedness, the Company can also be declared in default on its derivative obligations.    As of
October 1, 2016, and July 2, 2016, the aggregate fair value amount of derivative instruments that contain contingent features was $6.5 million and $10.1 million, respectively. As of October 1, 2016, the Company has not been required
to post any collateral related to these agreements. If the Company breached any of these provisions, it would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of $6.5 million.  

7.  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments       The carrying values of cash, accounts receivable,
outstanding checks in excess of deposits, trade accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate their fair values because of the relatively short maturities of those instruments. The derivative assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value on
the balance sheet. The fair value of long-term debt, which has a carrying value of $1,236.5 million and $1,111.6 million, is $1,259.1 million and $1,127.9 million at October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016, respectively, and is determined by
reviewing current market pricing related to comparable debt issued at the time of the balance sheet date, and is considered a Level 2 measurement.      

8.  
  Income Taxes       The determination of the Company s overall effective tax rate
requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. The effective tax rate reflects the income earned and taxed in various United States federal and state jurisdictions. Tax law changes,
increases and decreases in temporary and permanent differences between book and tax items, tax credits and the Company s change in income in each jurisdiction all affect the overall effective tax rate. It is the Company s practice to
recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s effective tax rate was 37.4% for the three months ending October 1, 2016
and 41.3% for the three months ending September 26, 2015. The effective tax rate varied from the 35% statutory rate primarily due to state taxes, federal credits and other permanent items. The Company adopted ASU 2016-09  Compensation-Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  effective July 2, 2016. The excess tax benefit of exercised and vested stock awards is treated as a discrete item in the current quarter.  
 As of October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016, the Company had net deferred tax assets of $43.8 million and $44.6 million, respectively,
and deferred tax liabilities of $123.7 million and $125.7 million, respectively. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets will be realized.  
 The Company records a liability for Uncertain Tax Positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740-10-25,  Income Taxes   General -
Recognition . As of October 1, 2016 and July 2, 2016, the Company had approximately $0.4 million and $0.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively. It is reasonably possible that a decrease of approximately $0.2 million in the
balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months because of statute of limitations expirations, that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.  

9.  
  Commitments and Contingencies        Purchase Obligations   
 The Company had outstanding contracts and purchase orders for capital projects and services totaling $31.5 million at October 1, 2016.
Amounts due under these contracts were not included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of October 1, 2016.     Withdrawn
Multiemployer Pension Plans     Until May 2013, Performance Food Group, Inc. participated in the Central States Southeast and Southwest
Areas Pension Fund ( Central States Pension Fund ), a multiemployer pension plan administered by the Teamsters Union, pursuant to which Performance Food Group, Inc. was required to make contributions on behalf of certain union employees.
The Central States Pension Fund is underfunded and is in critical status as determined by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. In connection with a renegotiation of the collective bargaining agreement that had previously required the
Company s participation in the Central States Pension Fund, the Company negotiated the termination of its participation in the Central States Pension Fund and the Company has withdrawn. The Company estimated the total withdrawal liability to be
$6.9 million. The Company has made total payments for voluntary withdrawal of this plan in the amount of $1.2 million. As of October 1, 2016, the estimated outstanding withdrawal liability totaled $5.7 million.  
  Guarantees     Subsidiaries of the Company
have entered into numerous operating leases, including leases of buildings, equipment, tractors, and trailers. Certain of the leases for tractors, trailers, and other vehicles and equipment, provide for residual value guarantees to the lessors.
Circumstances that would require the subsidiary to perform under the guarantees include either (1) default on the leases with the leased assets being sold for less than the specified residual values in the lease agreements, or
(2) decisions not to purchase the assets at the end of the lease terms combined with the sale of the assets, with sales proceeds less than the residual value of the leased assets specified in the lease agreements. Residual value guarantees
under these operating lease agreements typically range between 7% and 20% of the value of the leased assets at inception of the lease. These leases have original terms ranging from 4 to 8 years and expiration dates ranging from 2016 to 2023. As of
October 1, 2016, the undiscounted maximum amount of potential future payments for lease guarantees totaled approximately $23.8 million, which would be mitigated by the fair value of the leased assets at lease expiration. The assessment as to
whether it is probable that subsidiaries of the Company will be required to make payments under the terms of the guarantees is based upon their actual and expected loss experience. Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC 460-10-50,
 Guarantees-Overall-Disclosure,  the Company has recorded $0.2 million of the potential future guarantee payments on its consolidated balance sheet as of October 1, 2016.  
 The Company participates in a purchasing alliance that was formed to obtain better pricing, to expand product options, to reduce internal
costs, and to achieve greater inventory turnover. The Company has entered into several agreements to guarantee a portion of the trade payables for such purchasing alliance to their various suppliers as an inducement for these suppliers to extend
additional trade credit to the purchasing alliance. In the event of default by the purchasing alliance of their respective trade payables obligations, these suppliers may proceed directly against the Company to collect their trade payables. The
terms of these guarantees have expiration dates throughout 2016. As of October 1, 2016, the undiscounted maximum amount of potential payments covered by these guarantees totaled $15.6 million. The Company believes that the likelihood of payment
under these guarantees is remote and that any fair value attributable to these guarantees is immaterial; therefore, no liability has been recorded for these obligations in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, the Company from time to time enters into certain types of contracts that
contingently require it to indemnify various parties against claims from third parties. These contracts primarily relate to: (i) certain real estate leases under which subsidiaries of the Company may be required to indemnify property owners for
environmental and other liabilities and other claims arising from their use of the applicable premises; (ii) certain agreements with the Company s officers, directors, and employees under which the Company may be required to indemnify such
persons for liabilities arising out of their employment relationship; and (iii) customer agreements under which the Company may be required to indemnify customers for certain claims brought against them with respect to the supplied products.
   Generally, a maximum obligation under these contracts is not explicitly stated. Because the obligated amounts associated with these types
of agreements are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of the obligation cannot be reasonably estimated. Historically, the Company has not been required to make payments under these obligations and, therefore, no liabilities have been
recorded for these obligations in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.     Litigation   
 The Company is engaged in various legal proceedings that have arisen but have not been fully adjudicated. The likelihood of loss for these
legal proceedings, based on definitions within contingency accounting literature, ranges from remote to reasonably possible to probable. When losses are probable and reasonably estimable, they have been accrued. Based on estimates of the range of
potential losses associated with these matters, management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect upon the consolidated financial position or
results of operations of the Company. However, the final results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and, if the Company failed to prevail in one or more of these legal matters, and the associated realized losses were to exceed
the Company s current estimates of the range of potential losses, the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations could be materially adversely affected in future periods.  
  Wilder, et al. v. Roma Food Enterprises, Inc., et al.  In October 2014, three former delivery drivers who worked in our former Roma of
New Jersey warehouse in Piscataway, New Jersey filed a class action lawsuit in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Law Division, Middlesex County against us. The lawsuit alleges on behalf of a proposed class of delivery drivers who worked in our Roma,
broadline and Vistar facilities in New Jersey from October 2012 to the present that, under New Jersey state law, we failed to pay minimum wages and overtime compensation to the delivery drivers in these facilities. The lawsuit seeks the following
relief: (1) award of unpaid minimum wages and overtime under New Jersey state law; (2) an injunction preventing us from committing the alleged violation; (3) a declaration from the court that the alleged violations were knowing and
willful; (4) reasonable attorneys  fees and costs; and (5) pre-judgment and post-judgment interest. The case is in the preliminary phases of discovery, and no class has been certified. The plaintiffs have expressed their desire to
include temporary delivery drivers in the alleged class; however, the court has not ruled as to whether those temporary workers may join the lawsuit.  
 On October 4, 2016, we engaged in mediation with the plaintiffs, and on October 25, 2016, we indicated our non-binding agreement to
settle the lawsuit on the basis of a settlement fund of $2.3 million, subject to negotiation of a mutually agreeable settlement agreement and receipt of court approval of that agreement. As of October 1, 2016 the Company accrued $2.3 million
for this settlement.     Sales Tax Liabilities   
 The Company s sales and use tax filings are subject to customary audits by authorities in the jurisdictions where it conducts business in
the United States, which may result in assessments of additional taxes.      

10.  
  Related-Party Transactions        Transaction and Advisory Fee Agreement   
 The Company is a party to an advisory fee agreement pursuant to which affiliates of The Blackstone Group ( Blackstone ) and
affiliates of Wellspring Capital Management ( Wellspring ) provide management certain strategic and structuring advice and certain monitoring, advising, and consulting services to the Company. The advisory fee agreement provides for the
payment by the Company of an annual advisory fee and the reimbursement of out of pocket expenses. The annual advisory fee is the greater of $2.5 million or 1.5% of the Company s consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the advisory fee agreement) for
the immediately preceding fiscal year. The payments made under this agreement, which includes reimbursable expenses incurred by Blackstone and Wellspring, totaled $5.5 million and $5.0 million during the three-month periods ended October 1,
2016 and September 26, 2015, respectively.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Under its terms, this agreement will terminate no later than the second anniversary of the
closing date of the IPO, which was October 6, 2015.     Other   
 The Company does business with certain other affiliates of The Blackstone Group. In the three-month period ended October 1, 2016, the
Company recorded sales of $9.4 million to certain of these affiliate companies compared to sales of $6.7 million for the three-month period ended September 26, 2015. In the three-month period ended October 1, 2016, the Company
recorded purchases from certain of these affiliate companies of $2.6 million. In the three-month period ended September 26, 2015, the Company recorded no purchases from affiliate companies. The Company does not conduct a material amount of
business with affiliates of Wellspring Capital Management.      
   Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income
available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the
period. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased with the proceeds from the exercise of stock options under the treasury stock method. Potential common
shares of 563,076 for the three months ended October 1, 2016 were not included in computing diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive.  
 A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators for the basic and diluted EPS computations is as follows:  

12.  
  Segment Information       The Company has three reportable segments, as defined by ASC 280
 Segment Reporting , related to disclosures about segments of an enterprise. The Performance Foodservice segment markets and distributes food and food-related products to Street restaurants, Chain restaurants, and other institutional
 food-away-from-home  locations. The PFG Customized segment principally serves the family and casual dining channel but also serves fine dining, fast casual, and quick-serve restaurant chains. The Vistar segment distributes candy, snack,
beverage, and other products to customers in the vending, office coffee services, theater, retail, and other channels. Intersegment sales represent sales between the segments, which are eliminated in consolidation. Management evaluates the
performance of each operating segment based on various operating and financial metrics, including total sales and EBITDA. For PFG Customized, EBITDA includes certain allocated corporate charges that are included in operating expenses. The allocated
corporate charges are determined based on a percentage of total sales. This percentage is reviewed on a periodic basis to ensure that the segment is allocated a reasonable rate of corporate expenses based on their use of corporate services.  
 Corporate   All Other is comprised of corporate overhead and certain operations that are not considered separate reportable segments
based on their size. This includes the operations of the Company s internal logistics unit responsible for managing and allocating inbound logistics revenue and expense.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Total assets by reportable segment, excluding intercompany receivables between segments, are as follows:  

21  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the unaudited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 2016. In
addition to historical consolidated financial information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described
in the  Item 1A. Risk Factors  section of the Form 10-K. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully read  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
in this Form 10-Q.      Our Company   
 We market and distribute approximately 150,000 food and food-related products to customers across the United States from approximately 73
distribution facilities to over 150,000 customer locations in the  food-away-from-home  industry. We offer our customers a broad assortment of products including our proprietary-branded products, nationally-branded products, and products
bearing our customers  brands. Our product assortment ranges from  center-of-the-plate  items (such as beef, pork, poultry, and seafood), frozen foods, and groceries to candy, snacks, and beverages. We also sell disposables, cleaning
and kitchen supplies, and related products used by our customers. In addition to the products we offer to our customers, we provide value-added services by allowing our customers to benefit from our industry knowledge, scale, and expertise in the
areas of product selection and procurement, menu development, and operational strategy.    We have three reportable segments: Performance
Foodservice, PFG Customized, and Vistar. Our Performance Foodservice segment distributes a broad line of national brands, customer brands, and our proprietary-branded food and food-related products, or  Performance Brands.  Performance
Foodservice sells to independent, or  Street,  and multi-unit, or  Chain,  restaurants and other institutions such as schools, healthcare facilities, and business and industry locations. Our PFG Customized segment has provided
longstanding service to some of the most recognizable family and casual dining restaurant chains and recently expanded service into fast casual and quick service restaurant chains. Our Vistar segment specializes in distributing candy, snacks,
beverages, and other items nationally to the vending, office coffee service, theater, retail, hospitality, and other channels. We believe that there are substantial synergies across our segments. Cross-segment synergies include procurement,
operational best practices such as the use of new productivity technologies, and supply chain and network optimization, as well as shared corporate functions such as accounting, treasury, tax, legal, information systems, and human resources.  
  Recent Trends and Initiatives   
 Our case volume has grown in each quarter over the comparable prior fiscal year quarter, starting in the second quarter of fiscal 2010 and
continuing through the most recent quarter. We believe that we gained industry share during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 given that we have grown our sales more rapidly than the industry growth rate forecasted by Technomic, a research and
consulting firm serving the food and food related industry. Our Net income was unchanged from the first quarter of fiscal 2016 to the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 5.1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016 to the first
quarter of fiscal 2017, driven by an increase in operating expenses related to investments within our Customized and Vistar segments. Case volume grew 6.5% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Gross
margin dollars rose 6.3% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 versus the prior year primarily as a result of shifting our channel mix toward higher gross margin customers and shifting our product mix toward sales of Performance Brands. Our operating
expenses in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016 rose 9.7% as a result of increases in compensation and other personnel benefits, legal expenses, and insurance expense.  
  Key Factors Affecting Our Business   
 We believe that our performance is principally affected by the following key factors:  

Changing demographic and macroeconomic trends.  The share of consumer spending captured by the food-away-from-home industry increased steadily for several decades and paused during the recession that began in
2008. Following the recession, the share has again increased as a result of increasing employment, rising disposable income, increases in the number of restaurants, and favorable demographic trends, such as smaller household sizes, an increasing
number of dual income households, and an aging population base that spends more per capita at foodservice establishments. The foodservice distribution industry is also sensitive to national and regional economic conditions, such as changes in
consumer spending, changes in consumer confidence, and changes in the prices of certain goods.    
      22  

Table of Contents  

Food distribution market structure.  We are the third largest foodservice distributer by revenue in the United States behind Sysco and US Foods, which are both national broadline distributors. The balance of the
market consists of a wide spectrum of companies ranging from businesses selling a single category of product (e.g., produce) to large regional broadline distributors with many distribution centers and thousands of products across all categories. We
believe our scale enables us to invest in our Performance Brands, to benefit from economies of scale in purchasing and procurement, and to drive supply chain efficiencies that enhance our customers  satisfaction and profitability. We believe
that the relative growth of larger foodservice distributors will continue to outpace that of smaller, independent players in our industry.        

Our ability to successfully execute our segment strategies and implement our initiatives.  Our performance will continue to depend on our ability to successfully execute our segment strategies and to implement our
current and future initiatives, including our Winning Together program. The key strategies include focusing on Street sales and Performance Brands, pursuing new customers for all three of our business segments, utilizing our infrastructure to gain
further operating and purchasing efficiencies, and making strategic acquisitions.       How We Assess the Performance of Our
Business     In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key measures
used by our management are discussed below. The percentages on the results presented below are calculated based on rounded numbers.     Net Sales   
 Net sales is equal to gross sales minus sales returns; sales incentives that we offer to our customers, such as rebates and discounts that are
offsets to gross sales; and certain other adjustments. Our net sales are driven by changes in case volumes, product inflation that is reflected in the pricing of our products, and mix of products sold.  
  Gross Profit     Gross profit is equal to
our net sales minus our cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold primarily includes inventory costs (net of supplier consideration) and inbound freight. Cost of goods sold generally changes as we incur higher or lower costs from our suppliers and as
our customer and product mix changes.     EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA   
 Management measures operating performance based on our EBITDA, defined as net income (loss) before interest expense, interest income, income
taxes, and depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is not defined under U.S. GAAP and is not a measure of operating income, operating performance, or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and is subject to important limitations. Our
definition of EBITDA may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies.    We believe that the presentation of EBITDA
enhances an investor s understanding of our performance. We use this measure to evaluate the performance of our segments and for business planning purposes. We present EBITDA in order to provide supplemental information that we consider
relevant for the readers of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, and such information is not meant to replace or supersede U.S. GAAP measures.  
 In addition, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA, defined as net income (loss) before interest expense, interest income, income and franchise
taxes, and depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to exclude certain items that we do not consider part of our core operating results. Such adjustments include certain unusual, non-cash, non-recurring, cost reduction, and other adjustment
items permitted in calculating covenant compliance under our credit agreement and indenture (other than certain pro forma adjustments permitted under our credit agreement and indenture relating to the Adjusted EBITDA contribution of acquired
entities or businesses prior to the acquisition date). Under our credit agreement and indenture, our ability to engage in certain activities such as incurring certain additional indebtedness, making certain investments, and making restricted
payments is tied to ratios based on Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement and indenture). Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies.  
 Adjusted EBITDA is not defined under U.S. GAAP and is subject to important limitations. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is
useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in industries similar to ours. In addition, targets based on Adjusted
EBITDA are among the measures we use to evaluate our management s performance for purposes of determining their compensation under our incentive plans.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have important limitations as analytical tools and you should not
consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. For example, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA:      

exclude certain tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us;        

do not reflect any cash capital expenditure requirements for the assets being depreciated and amortized that may have to be replaced in the future;    

do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and        

do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements, necessary to service our debt.    
 In calculating Adjusted EBITDA, we add back certain non-cash, non-recurring, and other items as permitted or required by our credit agreement
and indenture. Adjusted EBITDA among other things:      

does not include non-cash stock-based employee compensation expense and certain other non-cash charges;        

does not include cash and non-cash restructuring, severance, and relocation costs incurred to realize future cost savings and enhance our operations; and    

does not reflect management fees paid to Blackstone and Wellspring.      We have included the
calculations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations, EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA   
 The following table sets forth a summary of our results of operations, EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated (dollars in
millions, except per share data):      
   We believe that the most directly comparable GAAP measure to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is net income. The
following table reconciles EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income for the periods presented:      

(1) 
 Includes adjustments for non-cash charges arising from employee stock-based compensation, interest rate swap hedge ineffectiveness, and gain/loss on disposal of assets. Stock-based compensation cost was $4.2 million in
the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and $1.1 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. In addition, this includes an increase in the LIFO reserve of $0.6 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and a decrease in the LIFO reserve of $1.7 million
for first quarter of fiscal.    

(2) 
 Includes professional fees and other costs related to completed and abandoned acquisitions, costs of integrating certain of our facilities, facility closing costs, and advisory fees paid to Blackstone and Wellspring.
   
      25  

Table of Contents  

(3) 
 The first quarter of fiscal 2016 includes the withdrawal expense from a purchasing cooperative of which we were a member and pre-acquisition worker s compensation claims related to an insurance company that went
into liquidation.    

(4) 
 Consists primarily of professional fees and related expenses associated with the Winning Together program and other productivity initiatives.    

(5) 
 Consists of changes in fair value and costs related to settlements on our fuel collar derivatives, certain financing transactions, lease amendments, and franchise tax expense and other adjustments permitted by our
credit agreements. Additionally, the first quarter of fiscal 2017 includes the settlement of the Wilder class action case. Refer to Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for further discussion of this case.    
  Consolidated Results of Operations       Three months
ended October 1, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 26, 2015       Net Sales   
 Net sales growth is a function of case growth, pricing (which is primarily based on product inflation/deflation), and a changing mix of
customers, channels, and product categories sold. Net sales increased $117.2 million, or 3.0%, in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016. The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to case
growth in Performance Foodservice, particularly in the Street channel, and sales growth in Vistar, particularly their retail, theater, vending, and hospitality channels.  
 Net sales growth was driven by case volume growth of 6.5% in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of
fiscal 2016. This increase was partially offset by a 3.5% decrease in selling price per case in the first three months of fiscal 2017, primarily as a result of case pack size changes from some of our suppliers, a shifting customer mix and deflation.
During the first three months of fiscal 2017, we witnessed deflation in our beef, egg and cheese categories.     Gross Profit   
 Gross profit increased $30.2 million, or 6.3%, for the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016. The
increase in gross profit was the result of growth in cases. Within Performance Foodservice, case growth to Street customers positively affected gross profit per case. Street customers typically receive more services from us, cost more to serve, and
pay a higher gross profit per case than other customers. Also, in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, Performance Foodservice grew our Performance Brand sales, which have higher gross profit per case compared to the other brands we sell. See
  Segment Results Performance Foodservice  below for additional discussion.     Operating Expenses   
 Operating expenses increased $42.6 million, or 9.7%, for the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal
2016. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by the increase in case volume and the resulting impact on variable operational and selling expenses, as well as investments associated with expansion of geographies served in the dollar
store channel, transition of business within Customized and the opening of a new automated retail facility within the Vistar segment. Additionally, operating expenses increased as a result of increases in legal expenses and settlements of $4.0
million, insurance expense primarily related to workers compensation of $3.6 million, stock-based compensation expense of $3.1 million, and employee medical claims.  
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets increased from $28.2 million in the first three months of fiscal 2016 to $29.5 million in
the first three months of fiscal 2017, an increase of 4.6%. Depreciation of fixed assets increased as a result of larger capital outlays to support our growth, as well as recent acquisitions. This increase was partially offset by decreases in
amortization of intangible assets, since certain intangibles are now fully amortized compared to the prior year.     Net Income   
 Net income was unchanged at $12.2 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. The $12.4 million decrease in operating
profit for the first three months of fiscal 2017 was fully offset by an $8.1 million decrease in interest expense, a $3.0 million decrease in other expense and a $1.3 million decrease in income tax expense.  
 The decrease in operating profit was a result of the increase in operating expenses discussed above, partially offset by the increase in gross
profit. The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of lower average borrowings and a decrease in the average interest rate during the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The $3.0 million decrease in other expense related primarily to a $1.4 million increase in
non-cash income related to the change in fair value of our derivatives, a $1.0 million decrease in expense related to settlements on our derivatives and a $0.4 million decrease in hedge ineffectiveness in the first three months of fiscal 2017
compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016.    The decrease in income tax expense was primarily a result of the decrease in income
before taxes and a decrease in the effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate in the first three months of fiscal 2017 was 37.4% compared to 41.3% in the first three months of fiscal 2016. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily a
result of an increase in other permanent deductions related to the adoption of ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  and a reduction in non-deductible
expenses.     Segment Results     We have
three segments as described above Performance Foodservice, PFG Customized, and Vistar. Management evaluates the performance of these segments based on their respective sales growth and EBITDA. For PFG Customized, EBITDA includes certain
allocated corporate expenses that are included in operating expenses. The allocated corporate expenses are determined based on a percentage of total sales. This percentage is reviewed on a periodic basis to ensure that the allocation reflects a
reasonable rate of corporate expenses based on their use of corporate services.    Corporate   All Other is comprised of
unallocated corporate overhead and certain operations that are not considered separate reportable segments based on their size. This includes the operations of our internal logistics unit responsible for managing and allocating inbound logistics
revenue and expense.    The following tables set forth net sales and EBITDA by segment for the periods indicated (dollars in millions):  
  Net Sales       
    EBITDA       
    Segment Results Performance Foodservice   
   Three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to three months ended September 26, 2015    
  Net Sales     Net sales for
Performance Foodservice increased $68.0 million, or 2.9%, from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. This increase in net sales was attributable to growth in cases sold. Case growth in the first three months
of fiscal 2017 was driven by securing new Street customers and further penetrating existing customers. Securing new and expanded  
      27  

Table of Contents  

business with Street customers resulted in Street sales growth of approximately 5.8% in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016. For the quarter,
Street sales as a percentage of total segment sales were up approximately 130 bps to 45.2%.     EBITDA   
 EBITDA for Performance Foodservice increased $3.3 million, or 4.7%, from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of
fiscal 2017. This increase was the result of an increase in gross profit, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization. Gross profit increased by 6.6% in the first three months of fiscal 2017,
compared to the prior year period, as a result of an increase in cases sold, as well as an increase in the gross profit per case. The increase in gross profit per case was driven by a favorable shift in the mix of cases sold toward Street customers
and Performance Brands, as well as by an increase in procurement gains. Street business has higher gross margins than Chain customers within this segment.  
 Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization for Performance Foodservice increased by $18.8 million, or 7.1%, from the first
three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. Operating expenses increased as a result of an increase in case volume and the resulting impact on variable operational and selling expenses, as well as cost of living and other
increases in compensation and benefits and increases in costs associated with upgrading a portion of the segment s fleet of $1.0 million, insurance expense of $0.9 million and professional fees of $0.8 million,. These increases were partially
offset by a decrease in fuel expense of $1.2 million.    Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets recorded in this segment
decreased from $15.2 million in the first three months of fiscal 2016 to $13.1 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017, a decrease of 13.8%. This reduction was the result of a decrease in amortization of intangible assets since certain
intangibles are now fully amortized.     Segment Results PFG Customized   
   Three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to three months ended September 26, 2015    
  Net Sales     Net sales for
PFG Customized decreased $59.8 million, or 6.5%, from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. The decrease over this period was the result of planned exits of some customers to free up capacity for the
addition of new business with Red Lobster in fiscal 2017, as well as a decrease in case volume, which reflected trends among some customers in the casual dining channel.  
  EBITDA     EBITDA for PFG
Customized decreased $3.4 million, or 46.6%, from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in gross profit of $4.1 million, or 7.0%, partially offset by a
decrease in operating expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization. Gross profit for PFG Customized decreased primarily as a result of the decrease in case volume. In the first quarter of fiscal 2017 we began providing distribution solutions to
a portion of Red Lobster s restaurants and expect to have all restaurants serviced by the end of the second quarter.    Operating
expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization, decreased by $0.7 million, or 1.3% in the first three months of fiscal 2017, compared to the prior year period primarily because of lower case sales and a decrease in fuel expense, partially offset
by cost of living increases in compensation, an increase in costs associated with upgrading a portion of the segment s fleet and an increase in insurance expense.  
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets recorded in this segment increased from $3.8 million in the first three months of fiscal
2016 to $5.2 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017, an increase of 36.8%. The increase is primarily a result of accelerated amortization of customer relationship intangible assets due to volume declines for certain customers.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Segment Results Vistar   
   Three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to three months ended September 26, 2015    
  Net Sales     Net sales for
Vistar increased $109.3 million, or 17.3%, from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. This increase was driven by case sales growth in the segment s retail, theater, vending, and hospitality channels
and recent acquisitions.     EBITDA   
 EBITDA for Vistar increased $0.2 million, or 0.9%, from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. Gross
profit dollar growth of $11.7 million, or 14.4% for the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016, was driven by an increase in the number of cases sold.  
 Operating expense dollar growth, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased $11.5 million, or 19.5% for the first three months of
fiscal 2017 compared to the prior year period. Operating expenses increased primarily as a result of investments associated with expansion of geographies served in the dollar store channel estimated to be $6.7 million, additional expenses of $2.3
million related to recent acquisitions and an increase of $1.9 million associated with the fourth quarter fiscal 2016 opening of a new automated retail facility.  
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets recorded in this segment increased from $4.2 million in the first three months of fiscal
2016 to $5.2 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017, an increase of 23.8%. Amortization of intangible assets increased as a result of recent acquisitions. Depreciation of fixed assets increased as a result of capital outlays to support our
growth, as well as recent acquisitions.     Segment Results Corporate   All Other   
   Three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to three months ended September 26, 2015    
  Net Sales     Net sales for
Corporate   All Other increased $5.6 million from the first three months of fiscal 2016 to the first three months of fiscal 2017. The increase in was primarily attributable to an increase in logistics services provided to our other
segments.     EBITDA   
 EBITDA for Corporate   All Other was a negative $38.4 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to a negative $30.2
million for the first three months of fiscal 2016. The decrease in EBITDA was primarily driven by an increase in personnel expenses, a $3.7 million increase in legal expenses, a $3.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and a $3.1
million increase in insurance expense primarily related to workers compensation.    Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets
recorded in this segment increased from $5.0 million in the first three months of fiscal 2016 to $6.0 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017. The increase was primarily a result of an increase in computer software depreciation.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 We have historically financed our operations and growth primarily with cash flows from operations, borrowings under our credit facility,
operating and capital leases, and normal trade credit terms. We have typically funded our acquisitions with additional borrowings under our credit facility. Our working capital and borrowing levels are subject to seasonal fluctuations, typically
with the lowest borrowing levels in the third and fourth fiscal quarters and the highest borrowing levels occurring in the first and second fiscal quarters. We believe that our cash flows from operations and available borrowing capacity will be
sufficient both to meet our anticipated cash requirements over at least the next twelve months and to maintain sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes.  
 At October 1, 2016, our cash balance totaled $8.9 million, while our cash balance totaled $10.9 million at July 2, 2016. This
decrease in cash during the first three months of fiscal 2017 was attributable to net cash used in operating activities of $75.2 million and net cash used in investing activities of $49.5 million, partially offset by net cash provided by
financing activities of $122.7 million. We borrow under our ABL Facility or pay it down regularly based on our cash flows from operating and investing activities. Our practice is to minimize interest expense while maintaining reasonable
liquidity.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  As market conditions warrant, we and our major stockholders, including Blackstone and Wellspring,
may from time to time, depending upon market conditions, seek to repurchase our securities or loans in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise.  
  Operating Activities       Three months ended
September 26, 2015 compared to three months ended September 27, 2014      During the first three months of fiscal 2017, our
operating activities used cash flow of $75.2 million, while during the first three months of fiscal 2016 our operating activities used cash flow of $25.9 million.  
 The increase in cash flows used in operating activities in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal
2016 was largely driven by changes in our net working capital investment as a result of the change in business mix related to the roll out of new business in the Customized and Vistar segments. Additionally, the prior year included a $25 million
break-up fee payment received related to the terminated agreement to acquire 11 US Foods facilities from Sysco and US Foods.     Investing Activities
    Cash used in investing activities totaled $49.5 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to $26.4 million in the
first three months of fiscal 2016. These investments consisted primarily of capital purchases of property, plant, and equipment of $34.8 million and $17.7 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017 and the first three months of fiscal 2016,
respectively, and payments for business acquisitions of $14.8 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017 and $8.9 million for the first three months of fiscal 2016. For the first three months of fiscal 2017, purchases of property, plant, and
equipment primarily consisted of transportation and information technology, equipment, as well as the outlays for warehouse expansions and improvements. The following table presents the capital purchases of property, plant, and equipment by segment:
     
   As of October 1, 2016, the Company had commitments of $23.3 million for capital projects related to
warehouse expansion and improvements. The Company anticipates using borrowings from the ABL Facility to fulfill these commitments.     Financing
Activities     During the first three months of fiscal 2017, our financing activities provided cash flow of $122.7 million, which
consisted primarily of $124.7 million in net borrowings under our ABL facility.    During the first three months of fiscal 2016, our
financing activities provided cash flow of $54.6 million, which consisted primarily of $57.5 million in net borrowings under our ABL facility, partially offset by payments of $1.9 million on our term loan facility.  
 The following describes our financing arrangements as of October 1, 2016:  
   ABL Facility :  PFGC, Inc. ( PFGC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a party to the ABL Facility dated
February 1, 2016. The ABL Facility is secured by the majority of the tangible assets of PFGC and its subsidiaries. Performance Food Group, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of PFGC, is the lead borrower under the ABL Facility, which is jointly
and severally guaranteed by PFGC and all material domestic direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of PFGC (other than captive insurance subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries). Availability for loans and letters of credit under the ABL
Facility is governed by a borrowing base, determined by the application of specified advance rates against eligible assets, including trade accounts receivable, inventory, owned real properties, and owned transportation equipment. The borrowing base
is reduced quarterly by a cumulative fraction of the real properties and transportation equipment values. Advances on accounts receivable and inventory are subject to change based on periodic commercial finance examinations and appraisals, and the
real property and transportation equipment values included in the borrowing base are subject to change based on periodic appraisals. Audits and appraisals are conducted at the direction of the administrative agent for the benefit and on behalf of
all lenders.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest, at Performance Food Group, Inc. s option,
at (a) the Base Rate (defined as the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such date plus 0.5%, (ii) the Prime Rate on such day, or (iii) one month LIBOR plus 1.0%) plus a spread or (b) LIBOR plus a spread. The
ABL Facility also provides for an unused commitment fee ranging from 0.25% to 0.375%.    The following table summarizes outstanding
borrowings, availability, and the average interest rate under the ABL Facility:      
   The ABL Facility contains covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage
ratio if excess availability falls below the greater of (i) $130.0 million and (ii) 10% of the lesser of the borrowing base and the revolving credit facility amount for five consecutive business days. The ABL Facility also contains
customary restrictive covenants that include, but are not limited to, restrictions on PFGC s ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, create liens, make investments or specified payments, and dispose of assets. The ABL Facility
provides for customary events of default, including payment defaults and cross-defaults on other material indebtedness. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, amounts due under such agreement may be accelerated and the rights and remedies
of the lenders under such agreement available under the ABL Facility may be exercised, including rights with respect to the collateral securing the obligations under such agreement.  
   Senior Notes:   On May 17, 2016, Performance Food Group, Inc. issued and sold $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of
its 5.500% Senior Notes due 2024 (the  Notes ), pursuant to an indenture dated as of May 17, 2016. The Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by PFGC and all domestic direct and indirect wholly-owned
subsidiaries of PFGC (other than captive insurance subsidiaries and other excluded subsidiaries). The proceeds from the Notes were used to pay in full the remaining outstanding aggregate principal amount of loans under a Credit Agreement providing
for a term loan facility and to terminate the facility; to temporarily repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility; and to pay the fees, expenses, and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the Notes. The Notes
are not guaranteed by Performance Food Group Company.    The Notes were issued at 100.0% of their par value. The Notes mature on
June 1, 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 5.500% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears.    Upon the occurrence of a change
of control triggering event or upon the sale of certain assets in which Performance Food Group, Inc. does not apply the proceeds as required, the holders of the Notes will have the right to require Performance Food Group, Inc. to make an offer to
repurchase each holder s Notes at a price equal to 101% (in the case of a change of control triggering event) or 100% (in the case of an asset sale) of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Performance Food Group, Inc. may
redeem all or a part of the Notes at any time prior to June 1, 2019 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition,
beginning on June 1, 2019, Performance Food Group, Inc. may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 102.750% of the principal amount redeemed. The redemption price decreases to 101.325% and 100.000% of the principal
amount redeemed on June 1, 2020 and June 1, 2021, respectively. In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2019, Performance Food Group, Inc. may redeem up to 40% of the Notes from the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a
redemption price equal to 105.500% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest.    The indenture governing the Notes
contains covenants limiting, among other things, PFGC and its restricted subsidiaries  ability to incur or guarantee additional debt or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or
repurchase, capital stock; make certain investments; incur certain liens; enter into transactions with affiliates; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; create certain restrictions on the ability of
PFGC s restricted subsidiaries to make dividends or other payments to PFGC; designate restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and transfer or sell certain assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and
qualifications. The Notes also contain customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in the principal of and accrued interest on the Notes to become or be declared due and payable.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  As of October 1, 2016, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes was $350.0
million with unamortized original issue discount of $0.7 million and unamortized deferred financing costs of $8.0 million. For the three months ended October 1, 2016, interest expense included $0.2 million related to the amortization of
original interest discount and deferred financing costs.    The ABL Facility and the indenture governing the Notes contain customary
restrictive covenants under which all of the net assets of PFGC and its subsidiaries are restricted from distribution to Performance Food Group Company, except for approximately $340.0 million of restricted payment capacity available under such debt
agreements, as of October 1, 2016.    As of October 1, 2016, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under the ABL
Facility and Notes.      Unsecured Subordinated Promissory Note.   In connection with an acquisition, Performance Food Group, Inc.
issued a $6.0 million interest only, unsecured subordinated promissory note on December 21, 2012, bearing an interest rate of 3.5%. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. The $6.0 million principal is due in a lump sum in December 2017. All
amounts outstanding under this promissory note become immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company or PFGC, which includes the sale, lease, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of PFGC. This
promissory note was initially recorded at its fair value of $4.2 million. The difference between the principal and the initial fair value of the promissory note is being amortized as additional interest expense on a straight-line basis over the life
of the promissory note, which approximates the effective yield method. For the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, interest expense included $0.1 million related to this amortization. As of October 1, 2016, the carrying value of the
promissory note was $5.5 million.     Contractual Obligations   
 Refer to the  Contractual Cash Obligations  section of the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 2016 for details on our contractual obligations and commitments to make specified contractual future cash payments as of July 2, 2016.
There have been no material changes to our specified contractual obligations through October 1, 2016.     Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements     We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  
  Total Assets by Segment   
 Total assets by segment discussed below exclude intercompany receivables between segments.  
 Total assets for Performance Foodservice increased $59.3 million from $1,968.8 million as of September 26, 2015 to $2,028.1 million as of
October 1, 2016. Total assets for Performance Foodservice increased $63.0 million from $1,965.1 million as of July 2, 2016 to $2,028.1 million as of October 1, 2016. During both time periods, this segment increased its inventory,
accounts receivable, and property, plant, and equipment, which was partially offset by a decline in intangible assets.    Total assets for
PFG Customized decreased $9.4 million from $637.3 million at September 26, 2015 to $627.9 million at October 1, 2016. During this time period, this segment decreased its accounts receivable and intangible assets, which was partially offset
by increases in inventory. Total assets for PFG Customized increased $1.7 million from $626.2 million as of July 2, 2016 to $627.9 million at October 1, 2016. During this time period, this segment increased its inventory, which was
partially offset by decreased in accounts receivable and intangible assets.    Total assets for Vistar increased $104.6 million from $541.9
million as of September 26, 2015 to $646.5 million as of October 1, 2016. During this time period, this segment increased its accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant, and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. Total assets for
Vistar increased $10.3 million from $636.2 million as of July 2, 2016 to $646.5 million as of October 1, 2016. During this time period, this segment increased its accounts receivable, goodwill and intangible assets, which was partially
offset by a decrease in inventory and property, plant, and equipment.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that are most important to portraying our financial position and results of operations.
These policies require our most subjective or complex judgments, often employing the use of estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our most critical accounting policies and estimates include those that pertain to the
allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, inventory valuation, insurance programs, income taxes, vendor rebates and promotional incentives, goodwill and other intangible assets and stock-based compensation, which are described in the
Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 2016. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to our critical accounting policies and estimates described in the Form 10-K.

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       All of our market sensitive
instruments are entered into for purposes other than trading.     Interest Rate Risk   
 We are exposed to interest rate risk related to changes in interest rates for borrowings under our ABL Facility. Although we hedge a portion of
our interest rate risk through interest rate swaps, any borrowings under our credit facilities in excess of the notional amount of the swaps will be subject to variable interest rates.  
 As of October 1, 2016, our subsidiary, Performance Food Group, Inc., had nine interest rate swaps with a combined value of $850.0 million
notional amount that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. See Note 6  Derivative and Hedging Activities  within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 for further discussion of these
interest rate swaps.    The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction impacts earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of derivatives is
recognized directly in earnings. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on our variable-rate debt. During the next twelve
months, we estimate that an additional $3.8 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense.    Based on the fair values of
these interest rate swaps as of October 1, 2016, a hypothetical 100 bps decrease in LIBOR would result in a loss of $13.9 million and a hypothetical 100 bps increase in LIBOR would result in a gain of $15.1 million within accumulated other
comprehensive income/(loss).    Assuming an average daily balance on our ABL Facility of approximately $980.0 million, approximately $500.0
million of our outstanding long-term debt is fixed through interest rate swap agreements and approximately $480.0 million represents variable-rate debt. A hypothetical 100 bps increase in LIBOR on our variable-rate debt would lead to an increase of
approximately $4.8 million in annual cash interest expense.     Fuel Price Risk   
 We seek to minimize the effect of higher diesel fuel costs both by reducing fuel usage and by taking action to offset higher fuel prices. We
reduce usage by designing more efficient truck routes and by increasing miles per gallon through on-board computers that monitor and adjust idling time and maximum speeds and through other technologies. In our PFG Customized segment, we have limited
exposure to fuel costs since our sales contracts often transfer fuel price volatility to our customers. In our Performance Foodservice and Vistar segments, we seek to manage fuel prices through diesel fuel surcharges to our customers and through the
use of costless collars.    As of October 1, 2016, we had collars in place for approximately 17% of the gallons we expect to use over
the twelve months following October 1, 2016. These fuel collars do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment for reasons discussed in Note 6.  Derivative and Hedging Activities  within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part I, Item 1. Therefore, these collars are recorded at fair value as either an asset or liability on the balance sheet. Any changes in fair value are recorded in the period of the change as unrealized gains or losses on fuel
hedging instruments. A hypothetical 10% decrease in expected diesel fuel prices would result in a loss of $0.6 million and a 10% hypothetical increase in expected diesel fuel prices would result in a gain of $0.4 million for these derivative
instruments.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Our fuel purchases occur at market prices. Using published market price projections for diesel
and estimates of fuel consumption, a 10% hypothetical increase in diesel prices from the market price would result in a potential increase of approximately $6.6 million in fuel costs included in Operating expenses. As discussed above, this increase
in fuel costs would be partially offset by fuel surcharges passed through to our customers.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), require public companies, including us, to
maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  which are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) to mean a company s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required or necessary disclosures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our
management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of its
disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, were effective to accomplish their objectives at a reasonable assurance level.     Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting     There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act), that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II   OTHER INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       We are subject to various allegations, claims, and legal actions
arising in the ordinary course of business.    While it is impossible to determine with certainty the ultimate outcome of any of these
proceedings, lawsuits, and claims, management believes that adequate provisions have been made or insurance secured for all currently pending proceedings so that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our financial
position. During the three months ended October 1, 2016, there have been no material changes to legal proceedings from those discussed in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 2016, except as it relates to the
matter discussed below.     Wilder, et al. v. Roma Food Enterprises, Inc., et al.  In October 2014, three former delivery drivers who
worked in our former Roma of New Jersey warehouse in Piscataway, New Jersey filed a class action lawsuit in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Law Division, Middlesex County against us. The lawsuit alleges on behalf of a proposed class of delivery
drivers who worked in our Roma, broadline and Vistar facilities in New Jersey from October 2012 to the present that, under New Jersey state law, we failed to pay minimum wages and overtime compensation to the delivery drivers in these facilities.
The lawsuit seeks the following relief: (1) award of unpaid minimum wages and overtime under New Jersey state law; (2) an injunction preventing us from committing the alleged violation; (3) a declaration from the court that the
alleged violations were knowing and willful; (4) reasonable attorneys  fees and costs; and (5) pre-judgment and post-judgment interest. The case is in the preliminary phases of discovery, and no class has been certified. The
plaintiffs have expressed their desire to include temporary delivery drivers in the alleged class; however, the court has not ruled as to whether those temporary workers may join the lawsuit.  
 On October 4, 2016, we engaged in mediation with the plaintiffs, and on October 25, 2016, we indicated our non-binding agreement to
settle the lawsuit on the basis of a settlement fund of $2.3 million, subject to negotiation of a mutually agreeable settlement agreement and receipt of court approval of that agreement. As of October 1, 2016 the Company accrued $2.3 million
for this settlement.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       There have been no material changes to our principal risks that we believe
are material to our business, results of operations, and financial condition from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 2016, which is accessible on the SEC s website at
 www.sec.gov .      

Item 2:  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       The following table
provides information relating to our purchases of the Company s common stock during the first quarter of fiscal 2017.      

(1) 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company purchased 46,298 shares of the Company s common stock in transactions unrelated to a publicly announced plan or program. These transactions consisted of
acquisitions of shares of the Company s common stock via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock under our incentive
plans.        

Item 3:  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None  

Item 4:  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable  

Item 5:  
  Other Information       None  

Item 6:  
  Exhibits       See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page hereto, which
Exhibit Index is incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.      

PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY  
  (Registrant)    

Dated: November 8, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Thomas G. Ondrof   

Name: 
   
 Thomas G. Ondrof  

Title: 
   
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory)   
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       
   The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other
disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents
were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.  
      38  

<EX-10.2>
 2
 d265325dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
     Execution Version      
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE   
  UNDER THE      PERFORMANCE
FOOD GROUP COMPANY      2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
 Performance Food Group Company (the   Company  ), pursuant to its 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ),
hereby grants to the Participant set forth below the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth below. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein, in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (attached
hereto or previously provided to the Participant in connection with a prior grant), and in the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

Participant :   
 David Flitman        

Vesting Schedule :   
 Provided the Participant has not undergone a Termination at the time of the applicable vesting date (or event):        

100% of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date;  provided ,  however , that the Restricted Stock Units will vest earlier as follows:

50% of the Restricted Stock Units will vest at such time as the Sponsor (as defined below) shall have received cash proceeds in respect of its direct or indirect equity investment in the Company that represents at least
(A) 2.0 times the Sponsor s aggregate direct or indirect investment in the Company s equity securities and (B) a 12% annual internal rate of return; and    

50% of the Restricted Stock Units will vest at such time as the Sponsor (as defined below) shall have received cash proceeds in respect of its direct or indirect equity investment in the Company that represents at least
(A) 2.5 times the Sponsor s aggregate direct or indirect investment in the Company s equity securities and (B) a 12% annual internal rate of return    

provided ,  however , that if the Participant undergoes a Termination by the Service Recipient without Cause
(excluding as a result of the Participant s Disability) or by the Participant for Good Reason at the time of, or at any time     

following the consummation of a Change in Control, the Participant shall fully vest in the Participant s Restricted Stock Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Termination
by the Company without Cause (excluding as a result of the Participant s Disability) within 180 days prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Participant shall be deemed to have continued employment and been so terminated upon
consummation of the Change in Control in accordance with the foregoing; and         

provided ,  further , that if the Participant undergoes a Termination (i) by the Service Recipient without Cause, (ii) by the Participant for Good Reason, or (iii) as a result of the
Participant s death or Disability, in each case prior to a Change in Control, the unvested Restricted Stock Units will vest on a pro-rata basis following a Termination in an amount equal to the fraction, (x) the numerator of which is the
number of days from the Vesting Commencement Date through the date of Termination and (y) the denominator of which is 1,461.        

The provisions of Section 9(d)(ii) of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.    
  Additional Terms:       

Notwithstanding the Plan,  Change in Control  shall mean: (i) at any time, any transaction or series of related transactions which result in an independent third-party acquiring shares of the Common Stock
which represent more than 50% of the total voting power or economic interest in the Company and (ii) at any time, a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis; provided, that, in the
case of clause (i) above, such transactions shall only constitute a Change in Control if it results in The Blackstone Group L.P. and its affiliated investment funds (the   Sponsor  ) ceasing to have the power (whether by
ownership of voting securities, contractual right, or otherwise) collectively to elect a majority of the Board; and  provided ,  further , that payment and settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit otherwise due on the occurrence of a Change
in Control that is not a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or of a substantial portion of its assets (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (  Section 409A  ) (  409A Change in
Control  ) shall be deferred and paid or settled, as applies, on the first such payment or settlement event thereafter, applicable above, that is permitted under Section 409A.    

Attached hereto as  Exhibit A  are restrictive covenants applicable to the Participant in consideration for
the     
      2  

Restricted Stock Unit Award which are incorporated in their entirety into the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.     

In addition to the terms and conditions set forth in the Stockholders Agreement that Participant will execute and deliver upon settlement of any Common Stock delivered in respect of the Restricted Stock Units,
substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B , such Restricted Stock Units are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company at the then-applicable Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company, which repurchase
right may be exercised anytime during a 12-month period beginning at the later of (i) 185 days following the Participant s receive of such shares of Common Stock and (ii) the date of the Participant s Termination. Any repurchase
right exercised must be exercised for cash.    
 *            *           
 *  
      3  

THE UNDERSIGNED PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE, THE RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN, AND, AS AN EXPRESS CONDITION TO THE GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS HEREUNDER, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE, THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN.   

PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY 

PARTICIPANT   

/s/ George L. Holm  

/s/ David Flitman   
 
 By: George L. Holm 

Title: President   CEO 

[ Signature
Page to Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice ]    

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT   
  UNDER THE      PERFORMANCE
FOOD GROUP COMPANY      2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the   Grant Notice  ) delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant
Notice), and subject to the terms of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this   Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  ) and the Performance Food Group Company 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ), Performance Food
Group Company (the   Company  ) and the Participant agree as follows. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan.  
 1.   Grant of Restricted Stock Units .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby
grants to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units provided in the Grant Notice (with each Restricted Stock Unit representing an unfunded, unsecured right to receive one share of Common Stock). The Company may make one or more additional
grants of Restricted Stock Units to the Participant under this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by providing the Participant with a new Grant Notice, which may also include any terms and conditions differing from this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
to the extent provided therein. The Company reserves all rights with respect to the granting of additional Restricted Stock Units hereunder and makes no implied promise to grant additional Restricted Stock Units.  
 2.   Vesting  . Subject to the conditions contained herein and the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest as provided in the
Grant Notice. Notwithstanding such vesting, the Restricted Period applicable to any Restricted Stock Unit shall extend beyond vesting through the date of the Participant s Termination;  provided ,  however , that if such Termination
does not constitute a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Restricted Period shall extend through the date of the Participant s  separation from service .  
 3.   Dividend Equivalents  . The Restricted Stock Units shall be entitled to be credited with dividend equivalent payments upon the
payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock. Such dividend equivalents will be provided in an amount equal to (a) the number of the Participant s outstanding Restricted Stock Units  multiplied by  (b) the dollar
amount of each such stockholder dividend per share of Common Stock  divided by  (c) the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date of the dividend payment, which dividend equivalent amount shall be converted into a grant of
additional Restricted Stock Units (based on such Fair Market Value) and shall vest (to the extent not then vested) and settle in the same proportion and at the same time as the Restricted Stock Units on which the dividend equivalent is granted and
settled. In the event that any Restricted Stock Unit is forfeited by its terms, the Participant shall have no right to dividend equivalent payments in respect of such forfeited Restricted Stock Units.  
 4.   Settlement of Restricted Stock Units .  Except as set forth in the Grant Notice, the provisions of Section 9(d)(ii) of the
Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.    5.   Treatment of Restricted Stock Units Upon Termination  .
The provisions of Section 9(c)(ii) of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.    6.   Company;
Participant  .    (a) The term  Company  as used in this Agreement with reference to employment or service shall include the
Company and its subsidiaries.  

(b) Whenever the word  Participant  is used in any provision of this Agreement under
circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the Restricted Stock Units may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the
word  Participant  shall be deemed to include such person or persons.    7.   Non-Transferability .  The Restricted
Stock Units are not transferable by the Participant except to Permitted Transferees in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan. Except as otherwise provided herein, no assignment or transfer of the Restricted Stock Units, or of the rights
represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Restricted Stock Units
shall terminate and become of no further effect.    8.   Rights as Stockholder .  The Participant or a permitted transferee of the
Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Participant shall have become the holder of record or the beneficial owner of such Common
Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant shall become the holder of record or the
beneficial owner thereof.    9.   Tax Withholding  . The provisions of Section 14(d) of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference and made a part hereof.    10.   Notice .  Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the
Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein
provided;  provided  that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, to the attention of
the Company General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address, as reflected in the
Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted or sent in accordance with the procedures established by such
third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time.    11.   No Right to Continued Service  .
This Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right to continue as an employee or service provider to the Company.    12.
  Binding Effect .  This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto.  
 13.   Waiver and Amendments  . Except as otherwise set forth in Section 13 of the Plan, any waiver, alteration, amendment or
modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by the parties hereto;  provided, however , that any such waiver, alteration, amendment or modification is consented to on the Company s
behalf by the Committee. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it
is to be construed as a continuing waiver.  
      6  

14.   Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan to the contrary, if any suit or claim is
instituted by the Participant or the Company relating to this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan, the Participant hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the courts of Delaware.  
 15.   Plan .  The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency
between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control.    16.
  Section 409A  . It is intended that the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted as such.  
      7  

Exhibit A: Restrictive Covenants   

(a) 
   Confidential Information  . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the information, observations, and data obtained by the Participant while employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
concerning the business affairs of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company (  Confidential Information  ) are the property of the Company or such subsidiary. Consequently, the Participant agrees that, except to the extent
necessary for the Participant to discharge the Participant s duties to the Company (as determined in the Participant s reasonable discretion) or as required by applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or orders of courts or
regulatory authorities, the Participant shall not at any time (whether during or after the period of the Participant s employment) disclose to any unauthorized person or use for his own account any Confidential Information without the prior
written consent of the Board, unless and to the extent that the aforementioned matters become generally known to and available for use by the public other than as a result of the Participant s acts or omissions to act or as required by law. The
Participant shall deliver to the Company at the termination of the Participant s employment, or at any other time the Company may request, all memoranda, notes, plans, records, reports, computer tapes and software and other documents and data
(and copies thereof) relating to the Confidential Information, Work Product (as defined below) and the business of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company which the Participant may then possess or have under his control.    

(b) 
   Inventions and Patents  . The Participant agrees that all inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, and all similar or related information which
relates to the Company s or any of its subsidiaries  actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed or made by the Participant prior to the date hereof
while employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (  Work Product  ) belong to the Company or such subsidiary. The Participant will promptly disclose such Work Product to the Board and perform all actions reasonably requested
by the Board (whether during or after the period of the Participant s employment) to establish and confirm such ownership (including, without limitation, assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments).    

(c) 
   Non-compete  . The Participant acknowledges that in the course of the Participant s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries the Participant will become familiar with the Company s and its
subsidiaries  trade secrets and with other Confidential Information and that the Participant s services have been and. will be of special, unique and extraordinary value to the Company and its subsidiaries. Therefore, the Participant
agrees that the Participant shall not, during the period commencing on the Effective Date (as defined in the Participant s offer letter with the Company, dated December 11, 2014) and ending on the first (1 st ) anniversary following the termination of the Participant s employment (the   Restricted Period  ), directly or indirectly own, operate, manage, control, participate in,
consult with, advise or engage in services for any competitor of the Company or its subsidiaries or in any manner engage in any start up of a business (including by the Participant or in association with any person, firm, corporate or other business
organization or through any other entity) in Competition with the businesses of the Company or its subsidiaries. A  Competitor  and  Competition  mean any business, in any geographical or market area where the Company conducts
business or provides products or services, that competes with the business of the Company, including any business in which the Company engaged during the course of the Participant s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries and any
business that the Company was actively considering conducting at the time of the Participant s termination of service and of which the Participant have, or reasonably should have, knowledge. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Participant from
being a passive owner of not more than 2% of the outstanding stock or equity of an entity which is publicly traded, so long as the Participant has no active participation in the business of such entity.    

(d) 
   Non-solicitation  . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not directly or knowingly indirectly through another entity (i) induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to leave the employ of the Company or such subsidiary, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any employee, including, without limitation, inducing or attempting to induce
any union, employee or group of employees to interfere with the business or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries, (ii) hire any person who was an employee of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company at any time within the six-month
period prior to the date the Participant employs or seeks to employ such person, or (iii) induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, distributor, franchisee, licensee or other business relation of the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company to cease doing business with the Company or such subsidiary, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, supplier, distributor, franchisee, licensee or business relation and the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company.        

(e) 
   Non-disparagement  . The Participant shall not at any time during or after the period of the Participant s employment whether in writing or orally, criticize, disparage, or otherwise demean in any way
the Company or its subsidiaries or their respective products, officers, directors, employees or shareholders.        

(f) 
   Enforcement  . The Participant agrees that (i) the covenants set forth in this Restrictive Covenants section are reasonable in all respects, including, where applicable, geographical and temporal scope,
and (ii) the Company would not have entered into this Agreement but for the Participant s covenants contained herein, and (iii) the covenants contained herein have been made in order to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement.
If, at the time of enforcement of this Restrictive Covenants section, a court shall hold that the duration, scope or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties agree that the maximum duration,
scope or area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by
law. The Participant recognizes and affirms that in the event of the Participant s breach of any provision of this Restrictive Covenants section, money damages would be inadequate and the Company would have no adequate remedy at law.
Accordingly, the Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by the Participant of any of the provisions of this Restrictive Covenants section, the Company, in addition and supplementary to other rights and remedies
granted by law existing in its favor (including recovery of damages and costs), may apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive or other relief in order to enforce or prevent any
violations of the provisions hereof (without posting a bond or other security). Each party shall bear its own legal fees to enforce the covenants set forth in this Restrictive Covenants section.    

(g) 
   Future Cooperation  . The Participant agrees that upon the Company s reasonable request following the Participant s termination of employment, the Participant will use reasonable efforts to assist
and cooperate with the Company in connection with the defense or prosecution of any claim that may be made against or by the Company or its affiliates, or in connection with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim of any kind
involving the Company or its affiliates, including any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, regulatory, self-regulatory, judicial, legislative, or other body or agency. The Participant will be entitled only to reimbursement for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses (including travel expenses) incurred in connection with providing such assistance.    
      9  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 d265325dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   
     Execution Version      
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE   
  UNDER THE      PERFORMANCE
FOOD GROUP COMPANY      2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
 Performance Food Group Company (the   Company  ), pursuant to its 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ),
hereby grants to the Participant set forth below the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth below. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein, in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (attached
hereto or previously provided to the Participant in connection with a prior grant), and in the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

Participant :   
 David Flitman        

Vesting Schedule :   
 Provided the Participant has not undergone a Termination at the time of the applicable vesting date (or event):        

61,500 of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date;        

61,501 of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the second anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; and        

61,501 of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the third anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date;        

provided ,  however , that in the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to a Termination, the Participant shall fully vest in the Participant s Restricted Stock Units; and    

provided ,  further , that if the Participant undergoes a Termination (i) by the Service Recipient without Cause, (ii) by the Participant for Good Reason, or (iii) as a result of the
Participant s death or Disability, the Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on the anniversary of the next Vesting Commencement Date following the date of the Participant s Termination will become vested on a pro-rata basis, with such
pro-rata portion of the Restricted Stock Units to equal a fraction, (x) the numerator of which is the number of days from the most recent anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date through the date of Termination and (y) the denominator
of which is 365;  provided , that upon such a Termination occurring prior to the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, the Participant shall become vested in 100% of the Restricted Stock Units otherwise scheduled to vest on such
first anniversary.    

Notwithstanding Section 9(d)(ii) of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units, to the extent vested, will be settled on the earliest to occur of (a) the fourth anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date or
(b) the consummation of a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that settlement of the Restricted Stock Units otherwise due on the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined below) that is not a 409A Change in
Control (as defined below) shall be deferred and paid or settled, as applies, on the first such payment or settlement event thereafter, applicable above, that is permitted under Section 409A of the Code.    
  Additional Terms:       

Notwithstanding the Plan,  Change in Control  shall mean: (i) at any time, any transaction or series of related transactions which result in an independent third-party acquiring shares of the Common Stock
which represent more than 50% of the total voting power or economic interest in the Company and (ii) at any time, a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis; provided, that, in the
case of clause (i) above, such transactions shall only constitute a Change in Control if it results in The Blackstone Group L.P. and its affiliated investment funds (the   Sponsor  ) ceasing to have the power (whether by
ownership of voting securities, contractual right, or otherwise) collectively to elect a majority of the Board; and  provided ,  further , that payment and settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit otherwise due on the occurrence of a Change
in Control that is not a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or of a substantial portion of its assets (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (  Section 409A  ) (  409A Change in
Control  ) shall be deferred and paid or settled, as applies, on the first such payment or settlement event thereafter, applicable above, that is permitted under Section 409A.    

Attached hereto as  Exhibit A  are restrictive covenants applicable to the Participant in consideration for the Restricted Stock Unit Award which are incorporated in their entirety into the Restricted Stock Unit
Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.        

In addition to the terms and conditions set forth in the Stockholders Agreement that Participant will execute and
deliver upon settlement of any Common Stock delivered in respect of the Restricted Stock Units, substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B , such Restricted Stock
    
      2  

Units are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company at the then-applicable Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company, which repurchase right may be exercised anytime during a
12-month period beginning at the later of (i) 185 days following the Participant s receive of such shares of Common Stock and (ii) the date of the Participant s Termination. Any repurchase right exercised must be exercised for
cash.     
 *            *           
 *  
      3  

THE UNDERSIGNED PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE, THE RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN, AND, AS AN EXPRESS CONDITION TO THE GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS HEREUNDER, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE, THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN.   

PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY 

PARTICIPANT   

/s/ George L. Holm  

/s/ David Flitman   
 
 By: George L. Holm 

Title: President   CEO 

[Signature Page to
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice ]    

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT   
  UNDER THE      PERFORMANCE
FOOD GROUP COMPANY      2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the   Grant Notice  ) delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant
Notice), and subject to the terms of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this   Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  ) and the Performance Food Group Company 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ), Performance Food
Group Company (the   Company  ) and the Participant agree as follows. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan.  
 1.   Grant of Restricted Stock Units .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby
grants to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units provided in the Grant Notice (with each Restricted Stock Unit representing an unfunded, unsecured right to receive one share of Common Stock). The Company may make one or more additional
grants of Restricted Stock Units to the Participant under this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by providing the Participant with a new Grant Notice, which may also include any terms and conditions differing from this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
to the extent provided therein. The Company reserves all rights with respect to the granting of additional Restricted Stock Units hereunder and makes no implied promise to grant additional Restricted Stock Units.  
 2.   Vesting  . Subject to the conditions contained herein and the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest as provided in the
Grant Notice. Notwithstanding such vesting, the Restricted Period applicable to any Restricted Stock Unit shall extend beyond vesting through the date of the Participant s Termination;  provided ,  however , that if such Termination
does not constitute a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Restricted Period shall extend through the date of the Participant s  separation from service .  
 3.   Dividend Equivalents  . The Restricted Stock Units shall be entitled to be credited with dividend equivalent payments upon the
payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock. Such dividend equivalents will be provided in an amount equal to (a) the number of the Participant s outstanding Restricted Stock Units  multiplied by  (b) the dollar
amount of each such stockholder dividend per share of Common Stock  divided by  (c) the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date of the dividend payment, which dividend equivalent amount shall be converted into a grant of
additional Restricted Stock Units (based on such Fair Market Value) and shall vest (to the extent not then vested) and settle in the same proportion and at the same time as the Restricted Stock Units on which the dividend equivalent is granted and
settled. In the event that any Restricted Stock Unit is forfeited by its terms, the Participant shall have no right to dividend equivalent payments in respect of such forfeited Restricted Stock Units.  
 4.   Settlement of Restricted Stock Units .  Except as set forth in the Grant Notice, the provisions of Section 9(d)(ii) of the
Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.    5.   Treatment of Restricted Stock Units Upon Termination  .
The provisions of Section 9(c)(ii) of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.    6.   Company;
Participant  .    (a) The term  Company  as used in this Agreement with reference to employment or service shall include the
Company and its subsidiaries.  

(b) Whenever the word  Participant  is used in any provision of this Agreement under
circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the Restricted Stock Units may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the
word  Participant  shall be deemed to include such person or persons.    7.   Non-Transferability .  The Restricted
Stock Units are not transferable by the Participant except to Permitted Transferees in accordance with Section 14(b) of the Plan. Except as otherwise provided herein, no assignment or transfer of the Restricted Stock Units, or of the rights
represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Restricted Stock Units
shall terminate and become of no further effect.    8.   Rights as Stockholder .  The Participant or a permitted transferee of the
Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Participant shall have become the holder of record or the beneficial owner of such Common
Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant shall become the holder of record or the
beneficial owner thereof.    9.   Tax Withholding  . The provisions of Section 14(d) of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference and made a part hereof.    10.   Notice .  Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the
Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein
provided;  provided  that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, to the attention of
the Company General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address, as reflected in the
Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted or sent in accordance with the procedures established by such
third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time.    11.   No Right to Continued Service  .
This Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right to continue as an employee or service provider to the Company.    12.
  Binding Effect .  This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto.  
 13.   Waiver and Amendments  . Except as otherwise set forth in Section 13 of the Plan, any waiver, alteration, amendment or
modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by the parties hereto;  provided, however , that any such waiver, alteration, amendment or modification is consented to on the Company s
behalf by the Committee. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it
is to be construed as a continuing waiver.  
      6  

14.   Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan to the contrary, if any suit or claim is
instituted by the Participant or the Company relating to this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan, the Participant hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the courts of Delaware.  
 15.   Plan .  The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency
between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control.    16.
  Section 409A  . It is intended that the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted as such.  
      7  

Exhibit A: Restrictive Covenants   

(a) 
   Confidential Information  . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the information, observations, and data obtained by the Participant while employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
concerning the business affairs of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company (  Confidential Information  ) are the property of the Company or such subsidiary. Consequently, the Participant agrees that, except to the extent
necessary for the Participant to discharge the Participant s duties to the Company (as determined in the Participant s reasonable discretion) or as required by applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or orders of courts or
regulatory authorities, the Participant shall not at any time (whether during or after the period of the Participant s employment) disclose to any unauthorized person or use for his own account any Confidential Information without the prior
written consent of the Board, unless and to the extent that the aforementioned matters become generally known to and available for use by the public other than as a result of the Participant s acts or omissions to act or as required by law. The
Participant shall deliver to the Company at the termination of the Participant s employment, or at any other time the Company may request, all memoranda, notes, plans, records, reports, computer tapes and software and other documents and data
(and copies thereof) relating to the Confidential Information, Work Product (as defined below) and the business of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company which the Participant may then possess or have under his control.    

(b) 
   Inventions and Patents  . The Participant agrees that all inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, and all similar or related information which
relates to the Company s or any of its subsidiaries  actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed or made by the Participant prior to the date hereof
while employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (  Work Product  ) belong to the Company or such subsidiary. The Participant will promptly disclose such Work Product to the Board and perform all actions reasonably requested
by the Board (whether during or after the period of the Participant s employment) to establish and confirm such ownership (including, without limitation, assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments).    

(c) 
   Non-compete  . The Participant acknowledges that in the course of the Participant s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries the Participant will become familiar with the Company s and its
subsidiaries  trade secrets and with other Confidential Information and that the Participant s services have been and. will be of special, unique and extraordinary value to the Company and its subsidiaries. Therefore, the Participant
agrees that the Participant shall not, during the period commencing on the Effective Date (as defined in the Participant s offer letter with the Company, dated December 11, 2014) and ending on the first (1 st ) anniversary following the termination of the Participant s employment (the   Restricted Period  ), directly or indirectly own, operate, manage, control, participate in,
consult with, advise or engage in services for any competitor of the Company or its subsidiaries or in any manner engage in any start up of a business (including by the Participant or in association with any person, firm, corporate or other business
organization or through any other entity) in Competition with the businesses of the Company or its subsidiaries. A  Competitor  and  Competition  mean any business, in any geographical or market area where the Company conducts
business or provides products or services, that competes with the business of the Company, including any business in which the Company engaged during the course of the Participant s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries and any
business that the Company was actively considering conducting at the time of the Participant s termination of service and of which the Participant have, or reasonably should have, knowledge. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Participant from
being a passive owner of not more than 2% of the outstanding stock or equity of an entity which is publicly traded, so long as the Participant has no active participation in the business of such entity.    

(d) 
   Non-solicitation  . During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not directly or knowingly indirectly through another entity (i) induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to leave the employ of the Company or such subsidiary, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any employee, including, without limitation, inducing or attempting to induce
any union, employee or group of employees to interfere with the business or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries, (ii) hire any person who was an employee of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company at any time within the six-month
period prior to the date the Participant employs or seeks to employ such person, or (iii) induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, distributor, franchisee, licensee or other business relation of the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company to cease doing business with the Company or such subsidiary, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, supplier, distributor, franchisee, licensee or business relation and the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company.        

(e) 
   Non-disparagement  . The Participant shall not at any time during or after the period of the Participant s employment whether in writing or orally, criticize, disparage, or otherwise demean in any way
the Company or its subsidiaries or their respective products, officers, directors, employees or shareholders.        

(f) 
   Enforcement  . The Participant agrees that (i) the covenants set forth in this Restrictive Covenants section are reasonable in all respects, including, where applicable, geographical and temporal scope,
and (ii) the Company would not have entered into this Agreement but for the Participant s covenants contained herein, and (iii) the covenants contained herein have been made in order to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement.
If, at the time of enforcement of this Restrictive Covenants section, a court shall hold that the duration, scope or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties agree that the maximum duration,
scope or area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by
law. The Participant recognizes and affirms that in the event of the Participant s breach of any provision of this Restrictive Covenants section, money damages would be inadequate and the Company would have no adequate remedy at law.
Accordingly, the Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by the Participant of any of the provisions of this Restrictive Covenants section, the Company, in addition and supplementary to other rights and remedies
granted by law existing in its favor (including recovery of damages and costs), may apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive or other relief in order to enforce or prevent any
violations of the provisions hereof (without posting a bond or other security). Each party shall bear its own legal fees to enforce the covenants set forth in this Restrictive Covenants section.    

(g) 
   Future Cooperation  . The Participant agrees that upon the Company s reasonable request following the Participant s termination of employment, the Participant will use reasonable efforts to assist
and cooperate with the Company in connection with the defense or prosecution of any claim that may be made against or by the Company or its affiliates, or in connection with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim of any kind
involving the Company or its affiliates, including any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, regulatory, self-regulatory, judicial, legislative, or other body or agency. The Participant will be entitled only to reimbursement for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses (including travel expenses) incurred in connection with providing such assistance.    
      9  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 d265325dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4   
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE   
  UNDER THE      PERFORMANCE
FOOD GROUP COMPANY      2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
  (Non-Employee Directors)   
 Performance Food Group Company (the   Company  ), pursuant to its 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ),
hereby grants to the Participant set forth below, the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth below. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein, in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (attached
hereto or previously provided to the Participant in connection with a prior grant), and in the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

Participant :   
 [ Insert Participant Name ]        

Date of Grant :   
 [ Insert Grant Date ]        

Number of Restricted Stock Units :     
 [ Insert No. of Restricted Stock Units Granted ]        

Vesting Schedule :   
 Provided the Participant has not undergone a Termination at the time of the applicable vesting date (or event), 100% of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Date of Grant or (ii) the
next regularly scheduled annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company following the Date of Grant;  provided ,  however , that in the event that the Participant undergoes a Termination as a result of such Participant s death or
Disability prior to the applicable vesting date (or event), such Participant shall fully vest in such Participant s Restricted Stock Units.        

In addition, in the event of a Change in Control prior to the applicable vesting date (or event), such Participant shall, fully vest in such Participant s Restricted Stock Units to the extent not then vested or
previously forfeited or cancelled.    
 *            *           
 *  

THE UNDERSIGNED PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE, THE RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN, AND, AS AN EXPRESS CONDITION TO THE GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS HEREUNDER, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE, THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN.   

PERFORMANCE FOOD GROUP COMPANY 

PARTICIPANT  

By: 

Title: 

[ Signature
Page to Restricted Stock Unit Award (Non-Employee Director) ]    

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT   
  UNDER THE      PERFORMANCE
FOOD GROUP COMPANY      2015 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the   Grant Notice  ) delivered to the Participant (as defined in the Grant
Notice), and subject to the terms of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this   Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  ) and the Performance Food Group Company 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ), Performance Food
Group Company (the   Company  ) and the Participant agree as follows. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan.  
 1.   Grant of Restricted Stock Units  . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby
grants to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units provided in the Grant Notice (with each Restricted Stock Unit representing an unfunded, unsecured right to receive one share of Common Stock). The Company may make one or more additional
grants of Restricted Stock Units to the Participant under this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by providing the Participant with a new Grant Notice, which may also include any terms and conditions differing from this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
to the extent provided therein. The Company reserves all rights with respect to the granting of additional Restricted Stock Units hereunder and makes no implied promise to grant additional Restricted Stock Units.  
 2.   Vesting  . Subject to the conditions contained herein and in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest as provided in the
Grant Notice.    3.   Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  . The Company will deliver to the Participant, without charge, as soon
as reasonably practicable (and, in any event, within two and one-half months) following the applicable vesting date, one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit (as adjusted under the Plan, as applicable) which becomes vested hereunder
and such vested Restricted Stock Unit shall be cancelled upon such delivery. Notwithstanding anything in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to issue or transfer any shares of Common Stock as
contemplated by this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement unless and until such issuance or transfer complies with all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company s share of Common Stock are listed for
trading.    4.   Treatment of Restricted Stock Units Upon Termination  . The provisions of Section 9(c)(ii) of the Plan are
incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.    5.   Company; Participant .    
 (a) The term  Company  as used in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with reference to service shall include the Company and its
subsidiaries.    (b) Whenever the word  Participant  is used in any provision of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under
circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the Restricted Stock Units may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the
word  Participant  shall be deemed to include such person or persons.    6.   Non-Transferability  . The Restricted
Stock Units may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold, or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant, unless such transfer is  

by will, by the laws of descent and distribution or other applicable law, or specifically required pursuant to a domestic relations order, and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge,
attachment, sale, transfer, or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any other member of the Company Group;  provided , that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge,
attachment, sale, transfer, or encumbrance.    7.   Rights as Stockholder; Dividend Equivalents  . The Participant or a permitted
transferee of the Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Participant shall have become the holder of record or the beneficial
owner of such Common Stock, and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which the Participant shall become the holder of
record or the beneficial owner thereof. The Restricted Stock Units shall be entitled to be credited with dividend equivalent payments upon the payment by the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock. Such dividend equivalents will be provided
in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date that the Restricted Stock Units are settled equal to the amount of such applicable dividends, and shall be payable at the same time as the Restricted Stock Units are settled in
accordance with Section 4 below. In the event that any Restricted Stock Unit is forfeited by its terms, the Participant shall have no right to dividend equivalent payments in respect of such forfeited Restricted Stock Units.  
 8.   Tax Withholding  . The provisions of Section 14(d)(i) of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part
hereof. The Participant shall satisfy such Participant s withholding liability, if any, referred to in Section 14(d)(i) of the Plan by having the Company withhold from the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable
pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a number of shares with a Fair Market Value, on the date that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, equal to such withholding liability;  provided  that the number of such shares may not
have a Fair Market Value greater than the minimum required statutory withholding liability unless determined by the Committee not to result in adverse accounting consequences. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant acknowledges and agrees
that to the extent consistent with applicable law and the Participant s status as an independent consultant for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company does not intend to withhold any amounts as federal income tax withholdings under any
other state or federal laws, and Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for any sums required to satisfy all applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company which may arise in connection with the
grant of Restricted Stock Units.    9.   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement between the Company and the Participant shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by such party in a notice mailed or delivered to
the other party as herein provided;  provided  that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Participant to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive
office, to the attention of the Company General Counsel, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Participant may be given to the Participant personally or may be mailed to the Participant at the Participant s last known address,
as reflected in the Company s records. Notwithstanding the above, all notices and communications between the Participant and any third-party plan administrator shall be mailed, delivered, transmitted or sent in accordance with the procedures
established by such third-party plan administrator and communicated to the Participant from time to time.    10.   No Right to Continued
Service  . This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right to continue as an employee or service provider to the Company.  
      4  

11.   Binding Effect  . This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall be binding upon the
heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto.    12.   Waiver and Amendments  . Except as otherwise set
forth in Section 13 of the Plan, any waiver, alteration, amendment or modification of any of the terms of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by the parties hereto;  provided, however ,
that any such waiver, alteration, amendment or modification is consented to on the Company s behalf by the Committee. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any
subsequent occurrences or transactions hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver.  
 13.   Governing Law  . This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan to the contrary, if any suit or claim is instituted by the
Participant or the Company relating to this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan, the Participant hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the courts of Delaware.  
 14.   Plan  . The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency
between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control.  
 15.   Section 409A  . It is intended that the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall be exempt from Section 409A
of the Code pursuant to the  short-term deferral  rule applicable to such section, as set forth in the regulations or other guidance published by the Internal Revenue Service thereunder.  
      5  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d265325dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, George L. Holm, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 1, 2016 of Performance Food Group Company (the  Registrant     

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and
have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize, and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ George L. Holm   
 
 George L. Holm  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d265325dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Thomas G. Ondrof,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 1, 2016 of Performance Food Group Company (the  Registrant     

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and
have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize, and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Thomas G. Ondrof   
 
 Thomas G. Ondrof  
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d265325dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Performance Food Group Company (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, George L. Holm, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ George L. Holm   
 
 George L. Holm  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d265325dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Performance Food Group Company (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas G. Ondrof, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Thomas G. Ondrof   
 
 Thomas G. Ondrof  
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 pfgc-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pfgc-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 pfgc-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pfgc-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pfgc-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pfgc-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

