<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161021_10-Q_edgar_data_1547996_0001615774-16-007714_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22533245</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1097938</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>14192494</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1894196</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3210098</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1884309</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>329</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007714.hdr.sgml : 20161021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161021164203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007714
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Notis Global, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001547996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COND & WARM AIR HEATING EQUIP & COMM & INDL REFRIG EQUIP [3585]
		IRS NUMBER:				453992444
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54928
		FILM NUMBER:		161946602

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		633 WEST 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8007621452

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		633 WEST 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Medbox, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007714.txt : 20161021

10-Q
 1
 s104312_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

OR   

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-54928  

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Nevada  
       
      45-3992444   

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

(800) 762-1452  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

600 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 1500, Los Angeles,
CA 90017  

  (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x 
    No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
       
          (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
       
     Smaller reporting company 
       
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes      
    No    x  

A s  of October 18, 2016, the registrant had 7,196,422,273  
 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     1  

ITEM 1. 
      Financial Statements  
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficit for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
     4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
     5  

ITEM 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     41  

ITEM 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     51  

ITEM 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     52  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
     53  

ITEM 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     53  

ITEM 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     58  

ITEM 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     59  

ITEM 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     59  

ITEM 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     59  

ITEM 5. 
      Other Information  
     59  

ITEM 6. 
      Exhibits  
     60  

SIGNATURES  
     61  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.  

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(LOSS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.  

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.  

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS ORGANIZATION, NATURE OF OPERATIONS  

Business Description 

Notis Global, Inc., (formerly Medbox, Inc.) which is incorporated
in the state of Nevada (the  Company ), provides specialized services to the hemp and marijuana industry, distributes
hemp product processed by contractual partners and through June 30, 2016, owned independently and through affiliates, real property
and licenses that it leased and assigned or sublicensed to partner cultivators and operators in return for a percentage of revenues
or profits from sales and operations (Note 5). Prior to 2016, through its consulting services, Company worked with clients who
sought to enter the medical and cultivation marijuana markets in those states where approved. In 2015, the Company expanded into
hemp cultivation with the acquisition of a 320 acre farm in Colorado by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, EWSD 1, LLC.
The farm was operated by an independent farming partner until the relationship was terminated in May 2016 (Note 3). In addition,
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Vaporfection International, Inc. ( VII ), the Company sold a line of vaporizer
and accessory products online and through distribution partners. On March 28, 2016, the Company sold the assets of VII and exited
the vaporizer and accessory business. The Company is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. 

Effective January 28, 2016, the Company changed its legal corporate
name from Medbox, Inc., to Notis Global, Inc. The name change was effected through a parent/subsidiary short-form merger pursuant
to Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Notis Global, Inc., the Company s wholly-owned Nevada subsidiary
formed solely for the purpose of the name change, was merged with and into the Company, with Notis Global, Inc. as the surviving
entity. The merger had the effect of amending the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to reflect the new legal name of
the Company. There were no other changes to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation. The Company s Board of Directors
approved the merger. 

Notis Global, Inc., operates the business directly and through the
utilization of 5 primary operating subsidiaries, as follows: 

EWSD
I, LLC, a Delaware corporation that owns property in Colorado.  

Pueblo
Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC, a Delaware corporation that was established to own extraction equipment  

Prescription
Vending Machines, Inc., a California corporation, d/b/a Medicine Dispensing Systems in the State of California ( MDS ),
which previously distributed our Medbox       product and provided related consulting services.  

Vaporfection
International, Inc., a Florida corporation through which we distributed our medical vaporizing products and accessories. (all
the assets of which were sold during the three months ended March 31, 2016, see Note 6)  

Medbox
Property Investments, Inc., a California corporation specializing in real property acquisitions and leases for dispensaries and
cultivation centers.  This corporation currently owns no real property.  

MJ
Property Investments, Inc., a Washington corporation specializing in real property acquisitions and leases for dispensaries and
cultivation centers in the state of Washington.  

San
Diego Sunrise, LLC, a California corporation to hold San Diego, California dispensary operations. (as of June 30, 2016, the
Company has sold its interest in San Diego Sunrise, LLC, see Note 5)  

On March 3, 2014, in order to obtain the license for one of
the Company s clients, the Company registered an affiliated nonprofit corporation Allied Patient Care, Inc., in the State
of Oregon. Additionally, on April 21, 2014, the Company registered an affiliated nonprofit corporation Alternative Health
Cooperative, Inc. in the State of California. As a result of our sale of the Sunset and Portland dispensaries and related rights
and assets, the Company no longer owns the rights to these nonprofit corporations. (Note 5) 

On April 15, 2016, at a special meeting of the shareholders
of the Company, the shareholders of the Company holding a majority of the total shares of outstanding common stock of the Company
voted to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of the
Company from 400,000,000 to 10,000,000,000 (the  Certificate of Amendment ). The Certificate of Amendment was filed
with the Nevada Secretary of State and was declared effective on April 18, 2016. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Going Concern  

The condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared on
a going concern basis. The going concern basis assumes that the Company will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and
will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. During the six months ended
June 30, 2016, the Company had net income of approximately $7.8 million, negative cash flow from operations of $2.6 million and
negative working capital of $19.7 million. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company had a net loss of approximately
$50.5 million, negative cash flow from operations of $9.6 million and negative working capital of $32.9 million. The Company
will need to raise capital in order to fund its operations. The Company is also in the process of obtaining final approval on a
settlement agreement in their Class action and Derivative lawsuits (Note 11) and recently received a Wells Notice from the SEC
(Note 11) in connection with misstatements by prior management in the Company s financial statements for 2012, 2013 and the
first three quarters of 2014. On September 22, 2016, the Company received notice of an Event of Default and Acceleration from one
of its lenders regarding a Promissory Note issued on March 14, 2016. The Company has negotiated a 30 day forbearance on acceleration
of the note. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of these matters, however, a rejection of the settlement agreements or
adverse action of the SEC or legal action taken by the Company s lenders could have a material adverse effect on the financial
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability to raise funds in the future. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Management s plans include: 

The Company has received approximately $1,266,000, net
of approximately $40,000 in withholdings, in additional closings under the June 30, 2016 funding (Note 7), subsequent to
June 30, 2016. Additionally, on September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with a new
investor pursuant to which two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, EWSD I, LLC (  EWSD I  ) and
Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC (  Pueblo  , and together with EWSD I,
the   Subsidiaries  ) agreed to jointly sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, an aggregate of up
to $3,350,000 in subscription amount of discounted promissory notes (that could raise approximately $2,000,000 in cash, of
which the Company has already received approximately $650,000) (Note 12). 

The Company also expects that the acquisition of EWSD I, LLC ( EWSD )
(Note 3), who owns a 320-acre farm in Pueblo, Colorado, will generate recurring revenues for the Company through farming hemp,
extracting and selling CBD oil, and collecting fees from production related to extracting CBD oil for other farmers, while controlling
the full production cycle to ensure consistent quality. Lastly, management is actively seeking additional financing over the next
few months to fund operations. 

The Company will continue to execute on its business model by attempting
to raise additional capital through the sales of debt or equity securities or other means. However, there is no guarantee
that such financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. It is uncertain whether the Company can obtain
financing to fund operating deficits until profitability is achieved. This need may be adversely impacted by: unavailability of
financing, uncertain market conditions, the success of the crop growing season, the demand for CBD oil, the ability of the Company
to obtain financing for the equipment and labor needed to cultivate hemp and extract the CBD oil,, and adverse operating results.
The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time. 

On May 24, 2016, the Company received a notice from the
OTC Markets Group, Inc. ( OTC Markets ) that the Company s bid price is below $.01 and does not meet
the Standards for Continued Eligibility for OTCQB as per the OTCQB Standards. If the bid price has not closed at or above
$.01 for ten consecutive trading days by November 20, 2016, the Company will be moved to the OTC Pink marketplace.
Additionally, on September 9 th , the Company received notice from the OTC that OTC Markets would move the
Company s listing from the OTCQB market to OTC Pink Sheets market, if the Company had not filed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 by September 30, 2016. On or about October 1, 2016, the Company moved to the
OTC Pink Sheets market. These actions might also impact the Company's ability to obtain funding. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of Notis Global, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, as named in Note 1 above. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the
date of the condensed consolidated financial statements as well as the reported expenses during the reporting periods. The Company s
significant estimates and assumptions include accounts receivable and note receivable collectability, inventory reserves, advances
on investments, the valuation of restricted stock and warrants received from customers, the amortization and recoverability of
capitalized patent costs and useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, the derivative liability, and income tax expense.
Some of these judgments can be subjective and complex, and, consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates. Although
the Company believes that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time the
estimates and assumptions were made. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Reclassification  

The Company has reclassified certain prior fiscal year amounts in
the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements to be consistent with the current fiscal year presentation. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk  

The Company maintains cash balances at several financial institutions
in the Los Angeles, California area and Iowa. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
up to $250,000. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit worthiness of
the financial institutions and has determined the credit exposure to be negligible. 

Advertising and Marketing Costs  

Advertising and marketing costs are expensed as incurred. The Company
incurred advertising and marketing costs of approximately $0 and $319,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively
and approximately $0 and $749,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

Pursuant to ASC No. 825,  Financial Instruments , the
Company is required to estimate the fair value of all financial instruments included on its balance sheets. The carrying value
of cash, accounts receivable, other receivables, inventory, accounts payable and accrued expenses, notes payable, related party
notes payable, customer deposits, provision for customer refunds and short term loans payable approximate their fair value due
to the short period to maturity of these instruments. 

Embedded derivative - The Company s convertible notes payable
include embedded features that require bifurcation due to a reset provision and are accounted for as a separate embedded derivative
(see Note 7). 

As of December 31, 2015, and for new issuances of convertible debentures
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in
the convertible debentures based on a Monte Carlo Simulation model ( MCS ). The MCS model was used to simulate the
stock price of the Company from the valuation date through to the maturity date of the related debenture and to better estimate
the fair value of the derivative liability due to the complex nature of the convertible debentures and embedded instruments. Management
believes that the use of the MCS model compared to the black Scholes model as previously used would provide a better estimate of
the fair value of these instruments. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, using the MCS model, the Company valued these embedded
derivatives using a  with-and-without method,  where the value of the Convertible Debentures including the embedded
derivatives, is defined as the  with , and the value of the Convertible Debentures excluding the embedded derivatives,
is defined as the  without.  This method estimates the value of the embedded derivatives by observing the difference
between the value of the Convertible Debentures with the embedded derivatives and the value of the Convertible Debentures without
the embedded derivatives. The Company believes the  with-and-without method  results in a measurement that is more
representative of the fair value of the embedded derivatives. 

For each simulation path, the Company used the Geometric Brownian
Motion ( GBM ) model to determine future stock prices at the maturity date. The inputs utilized in the application
of the GBM model included a starting stock price, an expected term of each debenture remaining from the valuation date to maturity,
an estimated volatility, and a risk-free rate. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company estimated the
fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the convertible debentures based on an internally calculated adjustment
to the MCS valuation determined at December 31, 2015. This adjustment took into consideration the changes in the assumptions,
such as market value and expected volatility of the Company s common stock, and the discount rate used in the December 31,
2015 valuation as compared to June 30, 2016.    The valuation also took into consideration the term in the
debentures which limits the amounts converted to not result in the investor owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding common stock
of the Company, after giving effect to the converted shares. The Company believes this methodology results in a reasonable fair
value of the embedded derivatives for the interim period. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2015, the Company estimated the
fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the convertible debentures based on weighted probabilities of assumptions
used in the Black Scholes pricing model. The key valuation assumptions used consists, in part, of the price of the Company s
common stock, a risk free interest rate based on the average yield of a Treasury note and expected volatility of the Company s
common stock all as of the measurement dates, and the various estimated reset exercise prices weighted by probability. 

Warrants  

The Company reexamined the determination made as of December 31,
2015 that they did not have sufficient authorized shares available for all of their outstanding warrants to be classified in equity
at June 30, 2016, and concluded there still were insufficient authorized shares (Note 7). Therefore, the Company recognized a Warrant
liability as of June 30, 2016. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrant liability based on a Black Scholes valuation
model. The key assumptions used consist of the price of the Company s stock, a risk free interest rate based on the average
yield of a two or three year Treasury note (based on remaining term of the related warrants), and expected volatility of the Company s
common stock over the remaining life of the warrants. 

A three-tier fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the inputs
in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities. 

Level 2  Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are
observable, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3  Significant unobservable inputs that cannot be corroborated
by market data. 

The assets or liabilities  fair value measurement within the
fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The following table
provides a summary of the relevant assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair
value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Revenue Recognition  

Prior to 2015, the Company entered into transactions with clients
who are interested in being granted the right to have the Company engage exclusively with them in certain territories (which are
described as territory rights) to obtain the necessary licenses to operate a dispensary or cultivation center for the location,
and to consult in daily operations of the dispensary or cultivation center. 

Terms for each transaction are varied and, prior to 2015, sales
arrangements typically included the delivery of our dispensing technology and dispensary location build-out and/or consultation
on the location, licensing, build out and operation of a cultivation center. Prior to 2015, the Company s standard contracts
had a five year term, calling for an upfront, non-refundable consulting fee, and containing options including acquiring a Medbox
dispensary machine and having the Company perform the build-outs for the location, at set prices. The up-front fees under these
contracts are recognized over the five year term, and are included in deferred revenue. The Company has determined these optional
purchases each constituted a separate purchasing decision, and therefore are considered a separate arrangement for revenue recognition
purposes. Revenue on each of these options are evaluated for recognition when and if the customer decides to enter into the arrangement. 

In 2015 and the first quarter of 2016, the Company concentrated
on revenue generating transactions to develop and set up dispensaries, including obtaining the conditional use permits ( CUP )
that grant the dispensary the authorization to operate, as well as cultivation centers. The Company entered into joint ventures
and operating agreements, whereby separate unrelated party controls the operations of the dispensary or cultivation center, and
the Company receives an agreed upon percentage of the revenue or profits of the operating entity. The revenue in the second quarter
of 2016 consisted mainly of the recognition of previously deferred revenue and the sale of CBD oil. 

Based on these contracts, and other auxiliary agreements, our revenue
model consisted of the following income streams: 

Consulting fee revenues and build-outs  

Prior to 2015, consulting fee revenues were a consistent component
of our revenues and were negotiated at the time the Company entered into a contract. Consulting revenue consisted of providing
ongoing consulting services over the life of the contract, to the established business in the areas of regulatory compliance, security,
operations and other matters to operate the dispensary. The majority of the consulting fees from prior to 2015 arose from the upfront,
non-refundable consulting fee in the Company s standard contract, and were recognized using the straight line method over
the life of the contract. Consulting fee revenue is only recognized when the following four criteria are met: 1) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, 2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, 3) sales price is fixed and determinable and
4) collectability is reasonably assured. Consulting fee revenue continues to be recognized in our income statement over the life
of the aforementioned contracts. 

Due to the uncertainties inherent in the emerging industry, the
Company deferred recognition of revenue for sale of completed dispensaries with licenses until the issuance of a certificate of
occupancy by the municipality. The certificate of occupancy is the final approval to open a dispensary in the customer s
community, at which time all criteria for revenue recognition, including delivery and acceptance, has been met. Additionally, at
the time of the issuance of the certificate of occupancy, under the contract terms, all payments owed by the customer have been
received by the Company. Similarly, recognition of revenue for the sale of a completed cultivation center is deferred until all
licensing and permitting is completed and approved. 

Revenues from Operating Agreements  

Under the foregoing business model, the Company entered into operating
agreements with independent parties, giving the operator the rights to control the operations of a dispensary or cultivation center
during the term of the agreement. In exchange, the Company earns a fee based on a percentage of the revenue or profit of the
dispensary or cultivation center. The Company has determined they are not the principal in the revenue sharing agreements
and recognizes revenue under these agreements on a net basis as the fees are earned and it has been concluded that collectability
is reasonably assured. 

Revenues from Cannabidiol oil product  

The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of Cannabidiol oil
products ( CBD oil ) upon shipment when title passes and when collectability is reasonably assured. 

Cost of Revenue  

Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the
delivery and distribution of our products and services. Under our prior business model, we only began capitalizing costs when
we have obtained a license and a site for operation of a customer dispensary or cultivation center. The previously capitalized
costs are charged to cost of revenue in the same period that the associated revenue is earned. In the case where it is determined
that previously inventoried costs are in excess of the projected net realizable value of the sale of the licenses, then the excess
cost above net realizable value is written off to cost of revenues. Cost of revenues also includes the rent expense on master
leases held in the Company s name, which are subleased to the Company s operators. In addition, cost of revenue
related to our vaporizer line of products consists of direct procurement cost of the products along with costs associated with
order fulfillment, shipping, inventory storage and inventory management costs. 

Inventory  

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is
determined on a cost basis that approximates the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. 

Capitalized agricultural costs  

Pre-harvest agricultural costs, including irrigation, fertilization,
seeding, laboring, and other ongoing crop and land maintenance activities, are accumulated and capitalized as inventory and cease
to be accumulated when the crops reach maturity and is ready to be harvested. All costs incurred subsequent to the crops reaching
maturity will be expensed as incurred.  The Company has reflected the capitalized agriculture costs as a current asset
as the growing cycle of the crops are estimated to be approximately six months. 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share  

Basic net income/loss per share is computed by dividing net income
(loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
The Company did not consider any potential common shares in the computation of diluted loss per share for the three and six months
ending June 30, 2016 and 2015, due to the net loss, as they would have an anti-dilutive effect on EPS. 

As of March 31, 2015, the Company had 3,000,000 shares of Series
A preferred stock outstanding with par value of $0.001 that could have been converted into 15,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. On August 24, 2015, 2,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock were cancelled, leaving 1,000,000
shares outstanding, which were converted into common shares on November 16, 2015. There were no shares of Series A preferred
stock outstanding at June 30, 2016. Additionally, the Company had approximately 67,466,000 and 338,000 warrants to purchase common
stock outstanding as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share,
as based on their exercise prices they would all have an anti-dilutive effect on net loss per share. The Company also had outstanding
at June 30, 2016 and 2015 approximately $7,309,000 and $4,656,000 in convertible debentures, respectively, that are convertible
at the holders  option at a conversion price of the lower of $0.75 or 51% to 60% of either the lowest trading price or the
VWAP over the last 20 to 30 days prior to conversion (subject to reset upon a future dilutive financing), whose underlying shares
were not included in a computation of diluted loss per share due to the net loss. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Bad Debts  

The Company is subject to credit risk as it extends credit to our
customers for work performed as specified in individual contracts. The Company extends credit to its customers, mostly on an unsecured
basis after performing certain credit analyses. Prior to 2015, our typical terms required the customer to pay a portion of
the contract price up front and the rest upon certain agreed milestones. The Company s management periodically reviews the
creditworthiness of its customers and provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to operations and a credit to
an allowance for doubtful accounts based on our assessment of the current status of individual accounts. Accounts still outstanding
after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the allowance for doubtful accounts.
As of June 30, 2016, the Company s management considered all accounts outstanding fully collectible. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Expenditures for major
additions and improvements are capitalized and minor replacements, maintenance, and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.
When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations for the respective period. Depreciation is provided
over the estimated useful lives of the related assets using the straight-line method for financial statement purposes. The Company
uses accelerated depreciation methods for tax purposes where appropriate. The estimated useful lives for significant property
and equipment categories are as follows: 

Vehicles    
     5 years  
 
     Furniture and Fixtures    
     3 - 5 years  
 
     Office equipment    
     3 years  
 
     Machinery    
     2 years  
 
     Buildings    
     10 - 39 years  

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability
method. The Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that
have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets
are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The components of the deferred tax assets and
liabilities are classified as current and non-current based on their characteristics. A valuation allowance is provided for
certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. 

In addition, the Company s management performs an evaluation
of all uncertain income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s income tax returns
to determine whether the income tax positions meet a  more likely than not  standard of being sustained under examination
by the applicable taxing authorities. This evaluation is required to be performed for all open tax years, as defined by the
various statutes of limitations, for federal and state purposes. 

Commitments and Contingencies  

Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial
statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events
occur or fail to occur. The Company s management and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such
assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that
are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company s legal counsel evaluates
the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought
or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable
that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be
accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material
loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed
unless they involve guarantees, in which case the nature of the guarantee would be disclosed. 

The Company accrues all legal costs expected to be incurred per
event. For legal matters covered by insurance, the Company accrues all legal costs expected to be incurred per event up to the
amount of the deductible. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which
requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers. ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective.
The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods for public business entities beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within that reporting period. The new standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative
effect transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its financial statements
and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor determined the effect of the standard on its
ongoing financial reporting. 

On July 22, 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued a new standard that requires entities to measure most inventory  at the lower of cost and net
realizable value,  thereby simplifying the current guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of
cost or market. The new standard will not apply to inventories that are measured by using either the last-in, first-out (LIFO)
method or the retail inventory method. The new standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact
of adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued a new standard that requires
an entity to determine whether a cloud computing arrangement contains a software license. If the arrangement contains a software
license, the entity would account for the fees related to the software license element in a manner consistent with how the acquisition
of other software licenses is accounted for. If the arrangement does not contain a software license, the customer would account
for the arrangement as a service contract. The new standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2015, and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating the
impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued  Leases (Topic 842) 
(ASU 2016-02). This update amends leasing accounting requirements. The most significant change will result in the recognition of
lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current guidance. The new guidance
will also require significant additional disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows from leases. ASU 2016-02
is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, which for the Company is December 31,
2018, the first day of its 2019 fiscal year. Upon adoption, entities are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning
of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted, and a number of optional
practical expedients may be elected to simplify the impact of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
this guidance. The overall impact is that assets and liabilities arising from leases are expected to increase based on the present
value of remaining estimated lease payments at the time of adoption. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which amends Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation .  ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions,
including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement
of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on its consolidated
financial statements. 

Management s Evaluation of Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluates events that have occurred after the balance
sheet date of June 30, 2016, through the date which the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. Based upon the
review, other than described in Note 12   Subsequent Events, the Company did not identify any recognized or non-recognized
subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3   ASSET ACQUISITION  

On July 24, 2015, the Company entered into an Agreement of
Purchase and Sale of Membership Interest (the  Acquisition Agreement ) with East West Secured Development, LLC (the
 Seller ) to purchase 100% of the membership interest of EWSD I, LLC ( EWSD ) which has entered into an
agreement with Southwest Farms, Inc. ( Southwest ) to purchase certain real property comprised of 320-acres of agricultural
land in Pueblo, Colorado (the  Acquired Property  or  the Farm ). 

The purchase price to acquire EWSD consisted of (i) $500,000
paid by the Company as a deposit into the escrow for the Acquired Property, and (ii) the Company s future payments to
Seller of a royalty of 3% of the adjusted gross revenue, if any, from operation of the Acquired Property (including sale of any
portion of or interest in the Acquired Property less any applicable expenses) for the three-year period beginning on January 1,
2016. Such royalty payments shall be payable 50% in cash and 50% in Company common stock (the  Royalty Payment ). The
Company determined that the royalty payments could not be estimated at the time of acquisition, and, therefore, the contingent
payments have not been recognized as part of the acquisition price. The contingent consideration will be re-measured to fair value
each subsequent period until the contingency is resolved, in this case, for the three year period beginning on January 1,
2016, with any changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Per the terms of the agreement, the closing is deemed to have occurred
when the Special Warranty Deed is recorded (which occurred on August 7, 2015) and all terms of the purchase agreement for
the Farm have been complied with, including the Farm closing, which also took place on August 7, 2015. Therefore, the acquisition
date has been determined to be August 7, 2015. There were no assets or liabilities of EWSD on the acquisition date. 

In connection with EWSD s purchase of the Acquired Property,
EWSD entered into a secured promissory note (the  Note ) with Southwest in the principal amount of $3,670,000 (Note
8). Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Note shall accrue at the rate of five percent per annum. The Note
shall be payable by EWSD in thirty-five payments of principal and interest, which shall be calculated based upon an amortization
period of thirty years, commencing on September 1, 2015 and continuing thereafter on the first day of each calendar month
through and including July 1, 2018; and one final balloon payment of all unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid interest
on August 1, 2018. The Note is secured by a deed of trust, security agreement, assignment of rents and financing statement
encumbering the Acquired Property. 

EWSD also entered into an unsecured promissory note (the  Unsecured
Note ) in the principal amount of $830,000 with the Seller (Note 8), in respect of payments previously made by Seller
to Southwest in connection with acquiring the Farm. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Unsecured Note shall accrue
at the rate of six percent per annum. The Unsecured Note shall be payable by EWSD in thirty-five payments of principal and
interest, which shall be calculated based upon an amortization period of thirty years, commencing on September 1, 2015 and
continuing thereafter on the first day of each calendar month through and including July 1, 2018; and one final balloon payment
of all unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid interest on August 1, 2018. 

Farming Agreement  

On December 18, 2015, the Company and its subsidiary EWSD I,
LLC ( EWSD ), entered into a Farming Agreement (the  Farming Agreement ) with Whole Hemp Company ( Whole
Hemp  now known as  Folium Biosciences ), pursuant to which Folium Biosciences would manufacture products from
hemp and cannabis crops it would grow on EWSD farmland, and the Company would build greenhouses for such activities up to an aggregate
size of 200,000 square feet. Folium Biosciences would pay all preapproved costs of such construction on or before September 30,
2017 as partial consideration for a revocable license to use the greenhouses and a separate 10 acre plot of EWSD farmland (the
 10 Acres ). EWSD would retain ownership of the greenhouses. For the first growing season commencing October 1,
2016, the Company would receive a percentage of gross sales of all Folium Bioscience's products on a monthly basis, and the Company s
share would increase incrementally based on the extent of crops planted on EWSD farmland according to a mutually agreed schedule.
In addition, the Company would receive 50% of Folium Biosciences gross profits from the farming activities on the 10 Acres. The
Company planned to recognize all revenue from the Farming Agreement at the net amount received when it has been earned and determined
collectable. 

Pursuant to the Farming Agreement, the Company also granted Folium
Biosciences a warrant to purchase 4,000,000 shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share, exercisable
at any time within 5 years. The warrants were valued at $76,000, using a Black Scholes Merton Model, with key valuation assumptions
used that consist of the price of the Company s stock at settlement date, a risk free interest rate based on the average
yield of a 5 year Treasury note and expected volatility of the Company s common stock all as of the measurement date. The
fair value of the warrants is included in deferred costs and will be recognized over the life of the Farming Agreement. Due to
the termination of the Farming and Growers Distribution Agreements, as discussed below, as of June 30, 2016, this amount has been
fully amortized. 

On March 11, 2016, the Company and EWSD entered into a First
Amended and Restated Farming Agreement with Whole Hemp, amending and restating in certain respects the Farming Agreement. The First
Amended and Restated Farming Agreement clarifies that EWSD, rather than the Company, would be responsible for the building of greenhouses
to be utilized by Whole Hemp for growing hemp and cannabis crops pursuant to the agreement, and that EWSD would be the recipient
of all payments by Whole Hemp (including all revenue sharing arrangements) under the agreement. 

On or about May 7, 2016, the Company determined that Folium
Biosciences was in default of the Farming Agreement, principally because they abandoned their obligation to provide farming activities
under the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement. On May 13, 2016, EWSD notified Folium Biosciences of its defaults
under the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement and EWSD s election to terminate the First Amended and Restated Farming
Agreement. 

By its terms, the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement may
be terminated at any time by either party, if the other party was in material breach of any obligation under the First Amended
and Restated Farming Agreement, which breach continued uncured for 30 days following written notice thereof. 

On June 1, 2016, a complaint was filed by Whole Hemp on this matter,
naming Notis Global, Inc. and EWSD I, LLC, as defendants. See Whole Hemp Complaint, below. 

Growers  Distributor Agreement  

On December 18, 2015, the Company also entered into a Growers 
Agent Agreement with Folium Biosciences, which was amended on March 11, 2016, to change the name of the agreement to Growers 
Distributor Agreement, ( Distributor Agreement ) as well clarify some terms. Pursuant to the Distributor Agreement,
the Company would provide marketing, sales, and related services on behalf of Folium Biosciences in connection with the sale of
its Cannabidiol oil product ( CBD oil ), from which the Company would receive a percentage of gross revenues (other than
the sale of such product generated from the EWSD 10 Acres and the Folium Biosciences 40 acre plot subject to the Farming Agreement).
The Growers  Agent Agreement was effective until September 30, 2025. The Company would sell the product on behalf of Folium
Biosciences on a commission basis. The Company may not act as agent of any other grower, distributor or manufacturer of the same
product unless such other party agrees. 

On March 11, 2016, the Company and EWSD entered into a First
Amended and Restated Grower s Distributor Agreement with Whole Hemp, amending and restating in certain respects the Grower s
Agent Agreement, including by substituting EWSD as a party in-place of the Company. 

Because the Company believes Folium Biosciences is in default, principally
because they abandoned their obligation to provide farming activities under the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement since
May 7, 2016, EWSD notified Whole Hemp on May 13, 2016 of its election to terminate the Restated Grower s Distributor
Agreement. 

By its terms, the Restated Grower s Distributor Agreement
could be terminated at any time by either party, if the other party was in material breach of any obligation under the Restated
Grower s Distributor Agreement, which breach continued uncured for 30 days following written notice thereof. 

As the Company continued to navigate the nascent world of hemp and
CBD growing, cultivation, production and sales, it became clear that controlling all aspects of the business is the best strategy
to ensure that the Company s goals are met. Again, the Company is taking action now to protect the investment all the stakeholders
have made in Notis Global. 

Whole Hemp complaint  

A complaint was filed by Whole Hemp Company, LLC d/b/a Folium Biosciences
( Whole Hemp ) on June 1, 2016, naming Notis Global, Inc. and EWSD I, LLC (collectively,  Notis ), as defendants
in Pueblo County, CO district court.  The complaint alleges five causes of action against Notis:  misappropriation of
trade secrets, civil theft, intentional interference with prospective business advantage, civil conspiracy, and breach of contract. 
All claims concern contracts between Whole Hemp and Notis for the Farming Agreement and the Distributor Agreement.  

The court entered an  ex parte  temporary restraining order
on June 2, 2016, and a modified temporary restraining order on July 14, 2016, enjoining Notis from disclosing, using, copying,
conveying, transferring, or transmitting Whole Hemp s trade secrets, including Whole Hemp s plants.  On June 13,
2016, the court ordered that all claims be submitted to arbitration, except for the disposition of the temporary restraining order.  

On August 12, 2016, the court ordered that all of Whole Hemp s
plants in Notis  possession be destroyed, which occurred by August 24, 2016, at which time the temporary restraining order
was dissolved and the parties will soon file a motion to dismiss the district court action.  

In light of the Whole Hemp plants all being destroyed per the court
order, the Company has immediately expensed all Capitalized agricultural costs as of June 30, 2016, as all costs as of that date
related to Whole Hemp plants. 

Notis commenced arbitration in Denver, CO on August 2, 2016, seeking
injunctive relief and alleging breaches of the contracts between the parties.  Whole Hemp filed is Answer and counterclaims
on September 6, 2016, asserting similar allegations that were asserted to the court.  

On September 30, 2016, the arbitrator held an initial status conference
and agreed to allow EWSD and Notis to file a motion to dismiss some or all of Whole Hemp s claims by no later than October
28, 2016. The parties were also ordered to make initial disclosures of relevant documents and persons with knowledge of relevant
information by October 21, 2016. 

NOTE 4   INVENTORY  

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost
is determined on a standard cost basis that approximates the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. 

Inventory at June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consists of the
following: 

The Company did not write down any slow moving or obsolete
inventory during the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE 5   DISPENSARIES  

Portland  

The Company held a license to operate a dispensary in Portland,
Oregon, and a master lease on the property in which the dispensary is located. In April 2015, the Company entered into an
Operating Agreement ( Original Agreement ) with an unrelated party (the  Operator ) in which the Operator
was to manage and operate the Dispensary. The Original Agreement also included an annual Licensor Fee of 5% of the annual Gross
Revenues, which would have begun after the additional fees related to the startup of the new venture had been paid in full. 

On December 3, 2015 the Company replaced the original operator
of the Portland dispensary with another operator under a new Operator Agreement (the  Agreement ). Per the terms of
the Agreement, the Dispensary was  under the exclusive supervision and control of Operator, which shall be responsible for
the proper and efficient operation of the Dispensary . The term of the Agreement includes an initial term of five years,
and a renewal term for an additional five years. The renewal term is at the discretion of the Operator. There is a License fee,
which is based on a flat 10% of Gross Revenues. The Company s management has determined that under this Agreement they
do not hold the controlling financial interest in the Dispensary and are not the primary beneficiary, and therefore did not consolidate
the Dispensary in their consolidated financial statements. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company entered into an Assignment Agreement
whereby they sold and assigned all of its rights in the Operating Agreement, including but not limited to the assets and liabilities
the Company held in relation to the Portland Dispensary, including the license to operate a dispensary in Portland, Oregon. The
assets consisted mainly of tenant improvements and other capitalized costs incurred in connection with the Portland dispensary,
categorized as Deferred Costs on the Company's Balance Sheet, at a carrying value of approximately $270,000. The gross consideration
paid for the assets and liabilities as stated in the agreement was $150,000, with approximately $58,000 of this amount paid to
the State of Oregon for outstanding sales taxes, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $92,000, providing for a net loss of
$178,000 on sale of assets. 

Sunrise Property Investments, LLC  

On December 3, 2015, the Company entered into an Operating
Agreement with PSM Investment Group, LLC ( PSM ), for the governance of Sunrise Property Investments, LLC ( Sunrise ). Pursuant
to the agreement, each of the two members contributed 50% of the capital of Sunrise. The Company s contribution to the investment
was the conditional use permit for the location, which was determined to have a zero cost basis, based on its carrying value in
the Company s financial statements. Sunrise acquired the property on which a dispensary will be located in San Diego on December 31,
2015. The Company has determined it should not consolidate the financial position and results of operations in its consolidated
financial statements as it does not hold greater than 50% voting interest or is able to exercise influence over the operations
and management in Sunrise. Instead, the Company accounts for Sunrise as an equity method investment. No income or loss has been
recognized from Sunrise for the year ending December 31, 2015. 

Alternative Health Cooperative, Inc. ( Alternative )
is a not-for-profit corporation, managed by an employee of Notis Global, which holds the conditional user permit ( CUP )
to run the dispensary. On January 1, 2016, Sunrise entered into an Operator Agreement with Alternative for Sunrise to
operate the dispensary located on the Sunrise property. The Operator Agreement engages Sunrise to  supervise, direct
and control the management of the dispensary . The Agreement also states that the operation of the dispensary shall
be under the exclusive supervision and control of Sunrise which shall be responsible for the proper and efficient operation of
the dispensary. The Company had determined that under the operating agreement neither it nor Alternative hold the controlling
financial interest in the dispensary, but that Sunrise is the controlling entity. Therefore, the Company did not consolidate
the dispensary in its consolidated financial statements. 

The Company incorporated a new wholly owned subsidiary, San Diego
Sunrise, LLC ( San Diego Sunrise ), on February 22, 2016, in order to enter into a partnership agreement with
PSM Investments to create an entity which would control the dispensary operations. Thereafter, Sunrise Dispensary LLC ( Dispensary )
was incorporated by PSM Investments and San Diego Sunrise on February 24, 2016, with each party holding a 50% ownership interest
in the new entity. Immediately after which, Sunrise assigned the Operating Agreement with Alternative to Dispensary. The Company
therefore indirectly held a 50% interest in the Sunrise Dispensary, through its subsidiary, San Diego Sunrise. 

In February 2016, the Company sold 70% of its ownership interest
in San Diego Sunrise for approximately $299,000. As of June 30, 2016, the Company owned 50% of Sunrise and 30% of San
Diego Sunrise. These investments are accounted for under the equity method, with the Company s proportionate share of
the income or losses of the investments reflected in the Company s financial statements. There has been no activity,
aside from the sale of the Company s ownership interests, in these investees as of, and for the three months ended, June
30, 2016. 

On April 6, 2016, the Company sold its remaining 30% interest in
San Diego Sunrise, as well as all of its interest in Sunrise Property Investments, LLC, the entity that owns underlying real estate
related to the San Diego dispensary, for net proceeds of $331,000. 

Sunrise Delivery  

On November 24, 2015, the Company entered into a Management
Agreement ( the Agreement ) with Rise Industries ( the Operator ) for a delivery service to be called Sunrise
Delivery, operating under the conditional use permit awarded to the Sunrise Dispensary. The delivery service began operations
on December 19, 2015 and, due to the short period between commencement of operations and the year end, the results of operations
were not material for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Under the Agreement, the Operator is fully and solely responsible
to collect all revenue and pay all expenses arising from the delivery service, including acquisition of inventory. The Company s
name is not being used in connection with any advertising, marketing, product or delivery services provided by the Operator. The
Company determined that under the Agreement they do not hold the controlling financial interest in the delivery service and the
Operator is the controlling entity. Therefore, the Company did not consolidate Sunrise Delivery in their financial statements. The
Company also evaluated whether the revenue earned from the delivery service should be recognized at the gross or net amount. As
the Company meets the three indicators of being an agent, the Company will report the earnings or losses from the delivery service
on a net basis, under the equity method of accounting. 

On December 9, 2015, the Company provided a $60,000 loan to Sunrise
Delivery for working capital, with interest at prime and payable in one year and added an additional advance of $10,000 in the
first quarter of 2016. In connection with the sale of their interests in the San Diego dispensary, the Company wrote off the
loans totaling $70,000 as uncollectible at the end of the first quarter of 2016. 

Washington  

In the course of seeking licenses for new locations, the Company
has to enter into real estate purchase agreements in order to secure the sites to be developed for clients  dispensaries
and cultivation centers. During the second quarter of 2014, one of the Company s subsidiaries entered into a real estate
purchase agreement for a property in the State of Washington. The purchase transaction was closed during the third quarter of 2014
for a total purchase price of $399,594, partially financed by a promissory note for $249,000. The note was due January 30,
2015 and bore interest at twelve percent (12%). The Company did not repay the note on its maturity date, and therefore began incurring
interest at the default interest rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum. On September 30, 2015, the Company, through its
subsidiary MJ Property Investments, and the seller of the property entered into an amendment to the Note Payable, whereby the maturity
date was extended to April 1, 2017, and the interest rate returned to twelve percent (12%) per annum (see Note 8). The Company
did not make their May or June interest payments, and on July 26, 2016 they were notified they were in default on the note, which
resulted in the Company incurring interest at the default interest rate of 18%, beginning in May 2016. The Company is in discussions
regarding settlement of this note. 

NOTE 6   VAPORFECTION INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

The Company acquired certain intangible assets with its purchase
of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Vaporfection International Inc. ( VII ) on April 1, 2013. The
Company accounts for intangible assets acquired in a business combination, if any, under the purchase method of accounting at their
estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Intangibles are either amortized over their estimated lives, if a definite
life is determined, or are not amortized if their life is considered indefinite. 

On December 31, 2015, the Company re-evaluated the future value
of the intangible assets and determined none of the carrying value of the intangible assets were recoverable, and its carrying
value exceeded its fair value. Therefore, the Company recognized an impairment loss on Intangibles of $586,000. 

On December 31, 2015, the Company also performed the first
step of the Goodwill impairment test, and, based on the same conclusions as above, determined there were indications of impairment
of the Goodwill and they had to perform the second step of the impairment test, which compares the carrying value of the Goodwill
to the implied Goodwill. The Company re-evaluated the fair value of all the associated assets of VII at December 31, 2015
and determined that there was no implied Goodwill. As there is no implied Goodwill, the impairment loss recognized was the entire
carrying value of Goodwill, approximately $1,260,000. 

In light of these impairments, as discussed above, the Company wrote
down all other assets related to the business, such as fixed assets and costs to develop the website as of December 31, 2015, resulting
in a impairment of approximately $80,000. The Company also wrote down the Inventory of VII to its estimated fair value of
$82,000. 

The Board made a decision the last week of January 2016, to
sell the assets of Vaporfection and exit the vaporizer business and sell the remaining inventory and related assets during the
first half of 2016. The Company analyzed if Vaporfection should be presented as a Discontinued Operation under the guidance
of ASC 205, Presentation of Financial Statements, 20, Discontinued Operations, ( ASC 205-20 ), and determined the decision
to exit the Vaporfection business was not a strategic shift in the Company s business, as the Board and management did not
consider the strategy for the business to be built around the sale of vape machines or peripherals. 

On March 28, 2016, the Company sold the assets of the subsidiary
for $70,000, which was payable $35,000 at the closing and with a 6% Note Payable, due September 30, 2016. The Company recognized
approximately $6,000 as a gain on sale of the assets of their subsidiary for the six months ended June 30, 2016. 

NOTE 7   CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE AND DERIVATIVE LIABILITY  

July and September 2014 Debentures   

On July 21, 2014, as amended on September 19, 2014 and
October 20, 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement whereby the Company agreed to issue convertible
debentures ( July 2014 Debentures ) in the aggregate principal amount of $3,500,000, in five tranches. The July 2014
Debentures bore interest at the rate of 10% per year. The debt was due July 21, 2015. 

Also on September 19, 2014, as amended on October 20,
2014, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to issue convertible debentures ( September 2014
Debentures ) in the aggregate principal amount of $2,500,000, in two tranches. The September 2014 Debentures bore interest
at the rate of 5% per year. The debt was due September 19, 2015. 

Both the original July 2014 Purchase Agreement Debentures and
September 2014 Debentures, prior to subsequent amendment, share the following significant terms: 

All amounts are convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at
the option of the holders into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price. The Notes were initially convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock at the initial Fixed Conversion Price of $11.75 per share. The Fixed Conversion
Price is subject to adjustment for stock splits, combinations or similar events. If the Company makes any subsequent equity sales
(subject to certain exceptions), under which an effective price per share is lower than the Fixed Conversion Price, then the conversion
price will be reduced to equal such price. The Company may make the amortization payments on the debt in cash, prompting a 30%
premium or, subject to certain conditions, in shares of common stock valued at 70% of the lowest volume weighted average price
of the common stock for the 20 prior trading days. 

The conversion feature of the July 2014 Debenture and the September 2014
Debenture meets the definition of a derivative and due to the reset provision to occur upon subsequent sales of securities at a
price lower than the fixed conversion price, requires bifurcation and is accounted for as a derivative liability, with a discount
created on the Debentures that would be amortized over the life of the Debentures using the effective interest rate method. The
fair value of the embedded derivative is measured and recognized at fair value each subsequent reporting period and the changes
in fair value are recognized in the Statement of Operations as Change in fair value of derivative liability. See Note 2 Fair value
of financial instruments for additional information on the fair value and gains or losses on the embedded derivative. 

In connection with each of the purchase agreements, the Company
entered into a registration rights agreement with the respective investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration
statement for the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of, or payable as principal and interest on, the
respective debentures, within 45 days of the initial closing date under each agreement, and to have such registration statements
declared effective within 120 days of the initial closing dates of each purchase agreement. Through subsequent modifications of
the July 2014 Debentures and September 2014 Debentures, the required date to file the registration statement and the
effective date of the registration statement were modified, and the registration statement filed on April 9, 2015, and
became effective on June 11, 2015. 

On January 30, 2015, the Company and certain of the Investors
entered into an Amendment, Modification and Supplement to the Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement Amendment 
or the  Modification ) pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase an additional $1,800,000 in seven Modified
Closings. The Modification also eliminated the amortization payments discussed above, and provided for accrued and unpaid interest
to be payable upon conversion or maturity rather than on specified payment dates. The Company was also required to open a new dispensary
in Portland, Oregon through a licensed operator during the first calendar quarter of 2015 (which was later modified to April 30,
2015). The Company also had to file the Registration Statement by March 8, 2015 (later amended), and it had to be declared
effective by June 15, 2015 in order to avoid default and acceleration under the Amended and Restated Debenture. As noted above,
the Registration Statement was filed on April 9, 2015, and became effective June 11, 2015. 

As part of the January 30, 2015 Modification, the parties entered
into a Modified Debenture Agreement for the $200,000 that was funded at the Closing and agreed to use the same form of Modified
Debenture for each of the other foregoing Modified Closings (collectively, the  Modified Debentures ). The fixed conversion
price of the Modified Debenture on January 30, 2015 was the lower of $5.00 or 51% of the lowest volume weighted average price for
the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the applicable conversion date. This new fixed conversion price was a dilutive issuance
to the outstanding July 2014 and September 2014 Debentures, thereby triggering a reset of the older fixed conversion
price. As a result of the reset to the conversion price, at January 30, 2015, the derivative liability was re-measured to
a fair value of approximately $2,690,000, using a weighted probability model as estimated by management. A decrease in fair value
of the derivative liability of approximately $1,072,000 was recognized as a gain on the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive
Loss, in the three months ended March 31, 2015. 

The additional Modified Debentures under the July 2014 Debentures
as of closing dates had a fixed conversion price of the lower of $1.83 or 51% of the VWAP for the last 20 days prior to the conversion.
This new fixed conversion price was a dilutive issuance to the outstanding July 2014 and September 2014 Debentures, thereby
triggering a reset of the previous $5 fixed conversion price. This reset resulted in the derivative liability being revalued at
February 27, 2015, using a weighted probability model for a fair value of $2,720,000. 

The additional Modified Debentures under the September 2014
Debentures closed on January 29, 2015 in the amount of $100,000 and February 24, 2015 in the amount of $100,000. These
Modified Debentures have a fixed conversion price of the lower of $5.00 or 51% of the VWAP for the last 20 days prior to the conversion.
This new fixed conversion price was a dilutive issuance to the outstanding September 2014 Debentures, thereby triggering a
reset of the previous $5.00 fixed conversion price. The resulting reset and re-measurement of the fair value of the derivative
liability is included in the amounts of the change to fair value discussed above. 

The April 17, 2015 closing under the July 2014 Modified
Debentures contained a fixed conversion price of the lower of $0.88 or 51% of the VWAP for the last 40 days prior to the conversion.
This new fixed conversion price was a dilutive issuance to the outstanding July 2014 and September 2014 Debentures, thereby
triggering a reset of the previous $1.83 fixed conversion price. This reset resulted in the derivative liability being revalued
at April 17, 2015, using a weighted probability model for a fair value of $3,287,000, for a increase in fair value of approximately
$1,764,000, recognized as a loss on the Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Loss. 

There was additional funding of $1,300,000 of the September 2014
Modified Debentures under the closing schedule detailed above. These Modified Debentures all have a fixed conversion price of the
lower of $0.88 or 51% of the VWAP for the last 40 days prior to the conversion. 

The Directors  convertible debentures required under the March 23,
2015 Modification, issued in the first quarter of 2015, total $150,000, and have a three year term and an interest rate of 8% per
annum. They were originally convertible at a fixed conversion price of the lower of $1.83 or 51% of the VWAP for the last 20 days
prior to conversion. As with the Modified Debentures, the debentures included a reset provision, which resulted in the conversion
feature being bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability, with an initial fair value of $132,175. The director s
convertible debentures also reset on February 27, 2015 and April 17, 2015, with the changes to fair value included in
the amounts disclosed above. The Directors debentures were all converted during the third quarter of 2015. 

The Modified Debentures also included a warrant instrument granting
the Investor the right to purchase shares of common stock of the Company equal to the principal amount of the applicable Modified
Debenture divided by a price equal to 120% of the last reported closing price of the common stock on the applicable closing date
of the Modified Debenture, with a three year term. 

August 2015 Debentures   

On August 14, 2015, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement whereby they agreed to issue convertible debentures in the aggregate principal amount of up to $3,979,877 to certain
Investors. The initial closing in the aggregate principal amount of $650,000 occurred on August 14, 2015. An additional 11
payments were made in the total amount of $2,434,143 through December 31, 2015. The August 2015 Debentures bear interest
at the rate of 10% per year. During the first quarter of 2016, an additional approximately $895,000 was funded. 

On August 20, 2015, the Company also entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with another Investor in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,500,000 (collectively the  August 2015
Debentures ), which was amended on September 19, 2015, to increase the principal by an additional $200,000. 

The August 2015 Debentures contain the following significant
terms: 

The debentures all mature in one year from the date of each individual
closing. 

All amounts are convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at
the option of the holders into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price. The conversion price is
the lower of (a) $0.75, or (b) a 49% discount to the lowest daily VWAP (as reported by Bloomberg) of the Common Stock
during the 30 trading days prior to the conversion date. The Fixed Conversion Price is subject to adjustment for stock splits,
combinations or similar events. If the Company makes any subsequent equity sales (subject to certain exceptions), under which an
effective price per share is lower than the Fixed Conversion Price, then the conversion price will be reset to equal such price.
The Company may prepay the Debentures in cash, prompting a 30% premium or, subject to certain conditions, in shares of common stock
valued at 51% of the lowest volume weighted average price of the common stock of the Company for the 30 prior trading days. The
premium will be recognized at such time as the Company may choose to prepay the Debentures. 

In connection with each of the purchase agreements, the Company
entered into a registration rights agreement with the respective Investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration
statement for the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of, or payable as principal and interest on, the
respective debentures, within 45 days of the initial closing date under each agreement, and to have such registration statements
declared effective within 120 days of the initial closing dates of each purchase agreement. The pre-effective registration
statement was filed with the SEC on October 16, 2015. 

The conversion feature of the August 2015 Debenture meets the
definition of a derivative and due to the reset provision to occur upon subsequent sales of securities at a price lower than the
fixed conversion price, requires bifurcation and is accounted for as a derivative liability. The derivatives related to all closings
on the August 2015 debentures were initially recognized at estimated fair values of approximately $11,205,000 and created a discount
on the Debentures that will be amortized over the life of the Debentures using the effective interest rate method. The fair value
of the embedded derivative is measured and recognized at fair value each subsequent reporting period and the changes in fair value
are recognized in the Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) as Change in fair value of derivative liability. For the year ended
December 31, 2014, and the interim periods through September 30, 2015, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion
feature derivatives embedded in the convertible debentures based on weighted probabilities of assumptions used in the Black Scholes
pricing model. The key valuation assumptions used consists, in part, of the price of the Company s common stock, ranging
from $8.81 down to $0.05; a risk free interest rate ranging from 0.41% to 0.12% and expected volatility of the Company s
common stock, ranging from 196.78% to 106.38%, and the various estimated reset exercise prices weighted by probability. 

As of December 31, 2015, and for new issuances of convertible
debentures during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion feature derivatives
embedded in the convertible debentures based on a Monte Carlo Simulation model ( MCS ). The MCS model was used to simulate
the stock price of the Company from the valuation date through to the maturity date of the related debenture and to better estimate
the fair value of the derivative liability due to the complex nature of the convertible debentures and embedded instruments. Management
believes that the use of the MCS model compared to the black Scholes model as previously used would provide a better estimate of
the fair value of these instruments. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, using the MCS model, the Company valued these embedded
derivatives using a  with-and-without method,  where the value of the Convertible Debentures including the embedded
derivatives, is defined as the  with , and the value of the Convertible Debentures excluding the embedded derivatives,
is defined as the  without.  This method estimates the value of the embedded derivatives by observing the difference
between the value of the Convertible Debentures with the embedded derivatives and the value of the Convertible Debentures without
the embedded derivatives. The Company believes the  with-and-without method  results in a measurement that is more
representative of the fair value of the embedded derivatives. 

For each simulation path, the Company used the Geometric Brownian
Motion ( GBM ) model to determine future stock prices at the maturity date. The inputs utilized in the application
of the GBM model included a starting stock price ranging from $0.03 to $0.10, an expected term of each debenture remaining from
the valuation date to maturity ranging from .24 years to 1.04 years, an estimated volatility of ranging from 193% to
219%, and a risk-free rate ranging from .20% to .70%. See Note 2 Fair value of financial instruments for additional information
on the fair value and gains or losses on the embedded derivative. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company estimated the
fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the convertible debentures based on an internally calculated adjustment
to the MCS valuation determined at December 31, 2015. This adjustment took into consideration the changes in the assumptions,
such as market value and expected volatility of the Company s common stock, and the discount rate used in the December 31,
2015 valuation as compared to June 30, 2016. The valuation also took into consideration the term in the debentures which limits
the amounts converted to not result in the investor owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding common stock of the Company, after
giving effect to the converted shares. The Company believes this methodology results in a reasonable fair value of the embedded
derivatives for the interim period. 

Entry into Security Agreement   

In connection with entry into the August 20 Purchase Agreement
and August 14 Purchase Agreement, the Investors and the Company entered into a Security Agreement, dated August 21, 2015,
securing the amounts underlying the August 14 Debentures and the August 20 Debentures. The Security Agreement grants
a security interest in all assets and personal property of the Company, subject to certain excluded real property assets. The security
interests under the Security Agreement terminated following the date that the registration statement registering the shares underlying
the Convertible Debentures was declared effective, which occurred on December 15, 2015. 

July 2015 Debenture   

On July 10, 2015, another accredited Investor and affiliate
of the July 2014 Investor (the  July 2015 Investor ) purchased a separate Convertible Debenture (the  July 2015
Debenture ) in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000, that closed in five weekly tranches between July 10 and August 15,
2015. The July 2015 Debenture is in substantially the same form as the August 14 Debentures, and does not include issuance
of warrants. As such, the conversion feature was also determined to require bifurcation and derivative accounting. All amounts
related to the July 2015 derivative liability are included in amounts disclosed above for the August 2015 debentures. 

On October 14, 2015, the August 2015 Investor assigned
the right to purchase August 2015 Debentures in the principal amount of $100,000 to the July 2015 Investor and the July 2015
Investor purchased such August 2015 Debentures on the same day. 

October 2015 Debentures   

On October 14, 2015, the Company issued seven debentures
in the aggregate of $2,000,000 to a service provider (the  October 2015 Investor ) as consideration for services
previously rendered to the Company on the same terms as the August 14 Debentures and August 14 Purchase Agreement (the
 October 2015 Debentures  and  October 2015 Purchase Agreement , respectively) except that the
October 2015 Purchase Agreement does not provide for registration rights to the October 2015 Investor with regard to
the shares underlying the October 2015 Debentures. The service provider has agreed with the Company not to convert the October 2015
Debentures for any amount in excess of fees payable for services previously rendered to the Company at the time of conversion.
To the extent that the sale of shares underlying the October 2015 Debentures do not satisfy outstanding amounts payable to
the service provider, such amounts will remain payable to the service provider by the Company. In the three months ending June
30, 2016, funding closed on $425,000 of the October 2015 debentures. 

December 28, 2015 Amendment and Restriction Agreement   

On December 28, 2015, the Company, the August 14 Investor
and the August 20 Investor entered into a Debenture Amendment and Restriction Agreement (the  Agreement ), pursuant
to which (1) the August 14 Investor agreed to be restricted from converting any of its convertible debentures into common
stock until February 21, 2016, subject to certain limitations set forth below (the  Restriction ) and (2) the
August 14 Investor agreed to assign, as of the effective date of the Agreement approximately $390,000 of its convertible debentures
to the August 20 Investor in exchange for the amount of principal outstanding under such debenture plus a premium in cash
from the August 20 Investor (the  Assigned Debentures ). The accrued and unpaid interest under the Assigned Debentures
remained payable by the Company to the August 14 Investor. 

The August 14 Investor also agreed to amend the terms of
each of its debentures (other than the debentures that were assigned) such that the debenture is convertible at a 40% discount
to the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 30 consecutive prior trading days rather than at a 49%
discount to the lowest  volume weighted-average price  during the 30 consecutive prior trading days. This was not considered
to be a modification of the terms of the conversion feature, requiring evaluation of the debenture to determine if it was modified
or extinguished, as the conversion feature is separately accounted for as a derivative, and is outside of the scope of the guidance
on debt modifications. The change in the conversion price will be reflected in its fair value under derivative accounting. 

As consideration for entering into the Agreement, the August 14
Investor was issued a promissory note from the Company in the principal amount of $700,000 (the  Promissory Note ).
The Promissory Note has a term of ten months, accrues interest at a rate of 10% per annum, and outstanding principal and accrued
interest under the Promissory Note may be pre-paid at any time by the Company without penalty. The Promissory Note is not convertible
other than in an event of default, in which case it is convertible on the terms of the other debentures held by the August 14
Investor. This conversion feature was considered to be a contingent conversion feature, and therefore the conversion feature would
not be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative, as are the conversion features of all other debentures, until such time as
and if the Company is in an event of default. The Promissory Note is being accounted for as a finance expense of the December 28,
2015 transaction, similar to a debt discount, and will be amortized to financing expense over the ten month life of the note (Note
8). 

The August 20 Investor shall also acquire from the August 14
Investor an additional $650,000 of the convertible debentures held by the August 14 Investor (1) upon the declaration of effectiveness
of a post-effective amendment (the  POSAM ) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed
by the Company on October 16, 2015 and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2015
(the  Registration Statement ) reflecting the terms of the Agreement, or (2) at the option of the August 20 Investor
(the  Option ), at an earlier time. The August 14 Investor exercised the Option on January 25, 2016. The
POSAM was declared effective on February 3, 2016. 

At March 31, 2016, the Company had not paid the principal due
of $9,600 on a convertible debenture which was due on March 27, 2016. The Company was in default and obtained a waiver from
the lender on May 11, 2016 waiving all rights relating to the nonpayment and extending the maturity date of the convertible
debenture to August 1, 2016. In the same waiver agreement, the terms of five additional convertible debentures with maturity
dates in May and June of 2016 totaling $122,084 were also extended to a maturity date of August 1, 2016. 

At June 30, 2016, the Company had not paid the total principal
due of $225,700 on convertible debenture which was due on July 10, 2016. The Company was in default and obtained a waiver from
the lender on August 3, 2016 waiving all rights relating to the nonpayment and extending the maturity date of the convertible debenture
to October 31, 2016. In the same waiver agreement, the terms of thirteen additional convertible debentures with maturity dates
in July and August of 2016 totaling approximately $1,260,000 were also extended to a maturity date of October 31, 2016. (Note
12) 

February 10, 2016 Financing   

On February 10, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase
Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with an accredited investor (the  Investor ), pursuant to which the
Company agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, a promissory note (the  Note ) in the aggregate principal
amount of $275,000. The closing occurred on February 11, 2016. 

The Investor deducted a commitment fee in the amount of $25,000
at the closing. The Note bears interest at the rate of 10% per year and matures on October 31, 2016. The Company may prepay
all or any part of the outstanding balance of the Note at any time without penalty. In the event that the Company or any of its
subsidiaries becomes subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceedings or takes certain related corporate
actions, all outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Note will immediately and automatically become due and payable.
In addition, the Note identifies certain other events of default, the occurrence of which would entitle the Investor to declare
the outstanding principal and accrued interest immediately due and payable or to convert the Note, in whole or in part, into shares
of the Company s common stock at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75, or (b) a 51% discount to the lowest daily
volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the 20 trading days prior to the conversion date. 

This conversion feature was considered to be a contingent conversion
feature, and therefore the conversion feature would not be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative, as are the conversion
features of all other debentures, until such time as and if the Company is in an event of default. The balance of this note
is included with Notes Payable on the accompanying condensed consolidated Balance Sheet (Note 8). 

February 18, 2016 Financing   

On February 18, 2016, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with an accredited investor (the  Investor ) pursuant to
which the Company agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, convertible debentures (the  Debentures ) in
the aggregate principal amount of $420,000, in two tranches. 

The initial closing in the aggregate principal amount of $210,000
occurred on February 18, 2016. The second closing in the amount of $210,000 occurred on March 18, 2016 ($125,000) and
March 22, 2016 ($85,000). The Debentures bear interest at the rate of 10% per year and mature after one year and are subject
to a financing fee of 5%. 

Each of the Debentures are convertible at the option of the
holders into shares of the common stock of the Company at a conversion price that is lower of (a) $0.75, or (b) a 40% discount
to the lowest traded price of the common stock of the Company during the 30 trading days prior to the conversion date. The
Company may prepay the Debentures in cash, prompting a 30% premium. 

The conversion feature of the Debentures meets the definition
of a derivative and due to the reset provision to occur upon subsequent sales of securities at a price lower than the fixed conversion
price, requires bifurcation and is accounted for as a derivative liability. 

March 15 2016 Financing   

The Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, effective
as of March 14, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), with an Investor (the  March 15 Investor ) pursuant to
which the March 15 Investor purchased and the Company issued and sold a promissory note in the original principal amount of
$140,000 (the  First Promissory Note ), which matures on September 14, 2016.. Upon satisfaction of certain conditions
set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company will issue and sell a second promissory note in the original principal amount
of $137,500 (the  Second Promissory Note ). Each Promissory Note matures six (6) months after the date of its
issuance. The First Promissory Note carries an original issue discount of $12,500 (the  First Promissory Note OID ).
In addition, Company agreed to pay $5,000 towards the March 15 Investor s legal fees incurred in connection with the
purchase and sale of the First Promissory Note and the Second Promissory Note, $2,500 of which was paid to the March 15 Investor
prior to the Effective Date and $2,500 of which amount (the  Carried Transaction Expense Amount ) is included in the
initial principal balance of the First Promissory Note. The purchase price of the First Promissory Note was $125,000, computed
as follows: $140,000 initial principal balance, less the First Promissory Note OID, less the Carried Transaction Expense Amount.
The Second Promissory Note, if issued, also carries an original issue discount of $12,500 (the  Second Promissory Note OID ).
The purchase price of the Second Promissory Note shall be $125,000, computed as follows: $137,500 initial principal balance, less
the Second Promissory Note OID (the  Second Promissory Note Purchase Price ). 

On March 15, 2016, the Company issued and sold the First
Promissory Note to the March 15 Investor. Upon satisfaction of the terms (the  Mandatory Second Promissory Note Conditions ),
the Company shall issue and sell the Second Promissory Note to the March 15 Investor. The Mandatory Second Promissory Note
Conditions means that each of the following conditions has been satisfied on or before the date that is ninety (90) days from
the Effective Date: (i) the Share Reserve (as defined in the First Promissory Note) for the First Promissory Note shall have
been established; (ii) no Event of Default (as defined in the First Promissory Note) shall have occurred under the First Promissory
Note; (iii) the median daily dollar volume of the Common Stock on its principal market for the nineteen (19) Trading
Days (as defined in the First Promissory Note) immediately preceding the Share Reserve Date is greater than $75,000 per Trading
Day; and (iv) the Company has notified Investor in writing that it has elected to require that Investor pay the Second Promissory
Note Purchase Price. If the Mandatory Second Promissory Note Conditions are not satisfied as of the date that is ninety (90) days
from the Effective Date, then the March 15 Investor shall not be obligated to pay the Second Promissory Note Purchase Price
and the Second Promissory Note shall not be considered a valid, binding, or enforceable obligation of the Company, and, thereafter,
the Second Promissory Note shall only be issued and the Second Promissory Note Purchase Price will only be payable upon the mutual
written agreement of Company and the March 15 Investor. The First Promissory Note and/or the Second Promissory Note may be
prepaid at any time by the Company in the sole discretion of the Company at a 25% premium to the outstanding balance under the
applicable Promissory Note. 

In the event that the First Promissory Note and/or the Second
Promissory Note is not paid in full on or before maturity by the Company, then the March 15 Investor shall have the right
at any time thereafter until such time as the First Promissory Note and/or the Second Promissory Note is paid in full, at the March 15
Investor s election, to convert (each instance of conversion being a  Conversion ) all or any part of the outstanding
balance into shares ( Conversion Shares ) of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock of the Company as per the following
conversion formula: the number of Conversion Shares equals the amount being converted divided by 50% multiplied by the lowest daily
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the applicable Conversion.
At any time and from time to time after the March 15 Investor becoming aware of the occurrence of any event of default, the
March 15 Investor may accelerate the First Promissory Note and/or the Second Promissory by written notice to the Company,
with the outstanding balance of the respective Note becoming immediately due and payable in cash at 125% of the outstanding balance. 

This conversion feature was considered to be a contingent conversion
feature, and therefore the conversion feature would not be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative, as are the conversion
features of all other debentures, until such time as and if the Company is in an event of default. The balance of the First
Promissory Note is included with Notes Payable on the accompanying condensed consolidated Balance Sheet (Note 8). 

The Company is currently in default on the March 15 note (Note
12). 

April 2016 Financing   

On April 13, 2016, the Company entered into a note purchase
agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with an accredited investor (the  Investor ) pursuant to which the
Company agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, a convertible promissory note (the  Note ) in the aggregate
principal amount of $225,000. 

The Note bears interest at the rate of 5% per year and matures
on July 13, 2016. The Note is convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the holders into shares of the common
stock of the Company at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75, or (b) a 49% discount to the lowest traded price of
the common stock of the Company during the 20 trading days prior to the conversion date. The Company may prepay the Note in cash,
prompting a 30% premium. 

The Company will, within thirty (30) days, grant a security
interest to the Investor and its affiliates over the Company s assets, including its stock ownership in its subsidiary, ESWD
I, LLC (but not the assets of ESWD I, LLC). Furthermore, in connection with the next $1.5 million of equity capital raised by the
Company, the Company shall use one third of such funds to make principal repayment of amounts owed to the Investor, plus a redemption
premium of 30% of such amounts. 

March 15, 2016 Financing   Second Promissory Note   

On or about April 20, 2016 it was mutually determined by the
parties involved that the median daily dollar volumes requirement of the Mandatory Second Promissory Note Conditions was not met
and the Second Promissory Note would not be issued. 

May 2016 Financings   

The Company received an additional $100,000 through the issuance
of two convertible debentures of $50,000 each, on May 13, 2016 and May 20, 2016. The Notes bears interest at the rate of 10% per
year and mature on July 13, 2016 and July 20, 2016, respectively. The Notes are convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at
the option of the holders into shares of the common stock of the Company at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75,
or (b) a 40% discount to the lowest traded price of the common stock of the Company during the 20 trading days prior to the conversion
date. The remaining terms of the debentures are the same as all other convertible debentures, and have also been determined to
require derivative accounting. The Company may prepay the Note in cash, prompting a 30% premium. 

June 22, 2016 Financing   

Entry into Securities Purchase Agreement and Equity Purchase
Agreement   

On June 22, 2016, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with an accredited investor (the  Investor ) pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase, convertible debentures (the  Convertible Bridge
Debentures ) in the aggregate principal amount of $240,000, in two tranches. The initial closing in the aggregate principal
amount of $120,000 occurred on June 22, 2016, and the second closing in the aggregate principal amount of $120,000 was scheduled
to occur on July 8, 2016 . As of the date these consolidated financial statements were issued, the second closing has not
occurred. 

The Convertible Commitment Debenture and the Convertible Bridge
Debenture accrue interest at a rate of 10% per annum. Each of the debentures are convertible at any time, in whole or in part,
at the option of the holders into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75,
or (b) a 40% discount to the lowest traded price of the Company s common stock during the 30 trading days prior to the
conversion date. 

The Company and the Investor also entered into an Equity Purchase
Agreement (the  Equity Purchase Agreement ,  EQP ), pursuant to which, following the filing and declaration
of effectiveness of a registration statement by the Company (the  Registration Statement ) and the availability of
authorized stock, the Company may  put  its shares of common stock to the Investor at a 20% discount to lowest traded
price over the prior 10 trading days for up to the higher of $50,000 or 300% of the average daily trading volume over the previous
10 trading days, for up to an aggregate of $5,000,000 in aggregates  puts . 

In connection with the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company
entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Investors, pursuant to
which the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement for the resale of shares of common stock put to the Investor under
the Equity Purchase Agreement, within 30 days of the closing date of the Equity Purchase Agreement, and to have such registration
statements become effective within 60 days of the closing date of the Purchase Agreement. 

The Investor shall have a right of first refusal to participate
in future equity financings of the Company on the same terms as any new investors for a period of twelve months from the closing
of the last Convertible Bridge Debenture. The Company also shall not enter into other variable rate transactions other than with
pre-existing investors, so long as the Investors hold more than $2,000,000 in debentures of the Company, including pre-existing
debentures. The Company also may not enter into any equity line of credit with any other investor during the term of the Equity
Purchase Agreement, which expires on December 22, 2017. 

No amounts have been funded under the Equity Purchase Agreement
to date. The Company and the Investor have entered into a verbal agreement to terminate the EQP, and the parties are working on
finalized a formal termination agreement. 

To induce the Investor to purchase the Equity Purchase Agreement
(described below), the Company issued an additional $100,000 convertible debenture, on the same terms of the Convertible Bridge
Debentures to the Investor (the  Convertible Commitment Debenture ). The Company will not receive any cash for the
Convertible Commitment Debentures. 

The Company entered into a Convertible Debenture with the above
Investor for an additional $10,000 on June 14, 2016. The convertible debenture is due on June 14, 2017 and accrues interest at
a rate of 10% per annum. The debenture is convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder into shares
of the Company s common stock at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75, or (b) a 40% discount to the
lowest traded price of the Company s common stock during the 30 trading days prior to the conversion date. 

June 30, 2016 Financing   

On June 30, 2016, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with an accredited investor
(the  Investor ) pursuant to which two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, EWSD I, LLC ( EWSD
I ) and Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC ( Pueblo , and together with EWSD I,
the  Subsidiaries ) agreed to jointly sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase, convertible debentures
(the  Convertible Debentures ) in the aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000, in six tranches over the
following 90-day period. The Company guaranteed the issuance of the Convertible Debentures and, upon notice from the
Investor, the Convertible Debentures are convertible in to the Common Stock of the Company. The initial closing in the
aggregate principal amount of $125,000 occurred on June 30, 2016, with additional closings subsequent to June 30, 2016,
of approximately $1,266,000, net, received through the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial
statements. The Company agreed to pay an aggregate of the Investor s legal fees of $40,000 ($10,000 per tranche) in
connection with the closing of each of tranches three through six. The June 30, 2016 financing was subsequently assigned to a
new investor (Note 12). 

The Company and the Subsidiaries also entered into a Security
Agreement (the  Security Agreement ) and Parent Guarantee (the  Guarantee ), securing a lien for the Investor
on EWSD I s assets on a secondary basis to the primary lien holder and securing a lien for the Investor on Pueblo s
assets on a primary basis and with the Company guaranteeing all obligations of EWSD I and Pueblo to the Investor. Pursuant to the
Security Agreement, the Company agreed to, within 14 calendar days, negotiate and enter into an Intercreditor Agreement among the
other secured creditors of the Company and EWSD I. The Company subsequently entered into a Subordination Agreement, which replaced
the Intercreditor Agreement, on August 23, 2016. 

The Convertible Debentures accrue interest at a rate of 10% per
annum. Each of the debentures are convertible at any time into shares of common stock of the Company, in whole or in part, at the
option of the holders into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75,
or (b) a 40% discount to the lowest traded price of the Company s common stock during the 30 trading days prior to the
conversion date. 

The Investor shall have a right of first refusal to participate
in future equity financings of the Company on the same terms as any new investors for a period of twelve months from the closing
of the last Convertible Debenture. The Company and the Subsidiaries also shall not enter into other variable rate transactions
other than with pre-existing investors, so long as the Investors hold more than $2,000,000 in debentures of the Company, including
pre-existing debentures. 

The conversion feature of the Debentures meets the definition
of a derivative and due to the reset provision to occur upon subsequent sales of securities at a price lower than the fixed conversion
price, requires bifurcation and is accounted for as a derivative liability. 

The derivatives related to the above convertible debentures
were initially recognized at their estimated fair values as described previously, which amounted to approximately $4,932,000 in
the six months ended June 30, 2016 and $1,885,000 for the same period of 2015. The resulting debt discount is amortized as
over the life of the convertible debenture, or until conversion if earlier, which resulted in amortization expense of $2,086,000
and $6,050,000, for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additionally, the current year closings to
convertible debentures resulted in the calculated fair value of the debt being greater than the face amounts of the debt by approximately
$2,627,000, with this excess amount being immediately expensed as financing costs. Financing costs for the six months ended
June 30, 2015, were approximately $3,061,000. The fair value of the embedded derivative consisting of all related convertible debentures is
measured and recognized at fair value each subsequent reporting period and the changes in fair value for all derivatives for six
months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, resulted in a gain of approximately $9,320,000 and $3,053,000, respectively, which are recognized
in the condensed consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) as Change in fair value of derivative liability. 

Related Party Financing   

One of the directors on the Company s Board entered into
three separate subordinated convertible promissory notes convertible at $0.01 with the Company on March 4, 2016, March 10,
2016 and March 15, 2016, respectively, each in the principal amount of $25,000, for a total of $75,000. Also on March 15,
2016, another of the Company s directors entered into a subordinated convertible promissory note convertible at $0.01 with
the Company in the principal amount of $25,000, and two other of the Company s directors each entered into a subordinated
convertible promissory note convertible at $0.01 with the Company in the principal amount of $2,500. All of the foregoing convertible
promissory notes have three year terms and an interest rate of 8% per annum. The debentures were evaluated to determine if
the conversion feature fell within the guidance for derivative accounting, and as the debentures are convertible at a fixed conversion
price, and do not include a the reset provision to occur upon subsequent sales of securities at a price lower than the fixed conversion
price, the Company concluded the conversion feature did not qualify as a derivative. 

In connection with their funding of the Notes (collectively
the  Notes ), the directors each receive a warrant, exercisable for a period of three (3) years from the date
of Notes, to purchase an amount of Company Common Stock equal to 50% of the principal sum under each of the director notes, at
an exercise price equal to 200% of the applicable Conversion Price. The exercise price of the warrants is $0.02. The warrants were
determined to have a fair value of $42,000, calculated with the Black Sholes Merton model, with the following key valuation assumptions:
estimated term of three years, annual risk-free rate of .93%, and annualized expected volatility of 172%. 

Conversions   

During the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
approximately $1,904,000 and $4,000,000 of principal and approximately $14,000 and $27,000, of accrued interest were converted
into approximately 2,648,938,000 and 12,383,229 of the Company s common shares at an average price of $0.0007 and $0.74,
based on 51% of the calculated VWAP. Upon conversion, the derivative fair value for the amounts converted were re-measured through
the date of conversion, with the conversion date fair value reclassified to equity, amounting to approximately $3,200,000 and $1,160,000
in the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result of the conversions, the resulting decrease of fair value
of approximately $1,885,000 of the related debt discount was recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income (Loss). 

Warrants   

The warrants issued under all debentures, and other agreements,
are summarized below: 

Effective September 18, 2015, the holder of the September 2014
Debentures and the Company agreed to amend its September 2014 Warrants, to reduce the exercise price of the warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 2,291,832 shares of the Company s common stock to six cents per share. Additionally, the holder of the July
2014 Debentures and the Company agreed to amend its July 2014 Warrants, to reduce the exercise price of the warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 6,332,441 shares of Common Stock to six cents per share. As a result of the amendment, the fair value of the warrants
was remeasured as of September 18, 2015, for an additional fair value of approximately $38,000 recognized as a financing expense.
During the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately 2,292,000 warrants were exercised for cash proceeds of $137,510 at
an average exercise price of $0.06. 

During the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015,
there were no warrants exercised. 

The Company determined at issuance that the warrants were properly
classified in equity as there is no cash settlement provision and the warrants have a fixed exercise price and, therefore, result
in an obligation to deliver a known number of shares. 

The Company adopted a sequencing policy that reclassifies contracts,
with the exception of stock options, from equity to assets or liabilities for those with the earliest inception date first. Any
future issuance of securities, as well as period-end reevaluations, will be evaluated as to reclassification as a liability under
our sequencing policy of earliest inception date first until all of the convertible debentures are either converted or settled. 

The Company reevaluated the warrants as of June 30, 2016 and
determined that they did not have a sufficient number of authorized and unissued shares to settle all existing commitments, and
the fair value of the warrants for which there was insufficient authorized shares, were reclassified out of equity to a liability.
Under the sequencing policy, of the approximately 67,466,000 warrants outstanding at June 30, 2016, it was determined there was
not sufficient authorized shares for approximately 53,970,000 of the outstanding warrants. The fair value of these warrants was
re-measured on June 30, 2016 using the Black Scholes Merton Model, with key valuation assumptions used that consist of the price
of the Company s stock on June 30, 2016, a risk free interest rate based on the average yield of a 2 or 3 year Treasury note
and expected volatility of the Company s common stock, resulting in the fair value for the Warrant liability of approximately
$6,000. The resulting change in fair value of approximately $441,000 and $931,000 was recognized as a gain in the Condensed consolidated
statement of comprehensive income(loss). 

NOTE 8   NOTES PAYABLE  

Notes payable consists of: 

Maturities on Notes Payable are as follows: 

The Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated
May 20, 2016 (the  SPA ) with an investor (the  Investor ) pursuant to which it issued to the Investor
a Convertible Promissory Note (the  Note ) in the principal amount of $1,242,500 that matures on July 20, 2017
and earns interest at the rate of 10% per annum. The Note carries an original issuance discount of $112,500 and the Company
agreed to pay $5,000 in legal fees for the Investor. In exchange for the Note, the Investor (1) paid to the Company $125,000
less $6,250 in broker fees paid by the Company, and (2) issued to the Company eight (8) secured promissory notes in the
principal amount of $125,000 each (each, a  Investor Note  and collectively the  Investor Notes ). This
amount is included with Investment funds in schedule above. 

The Company must begin repaying principal and interest on funded
portions of the Note beginning 180 days after the date of the Note, and each month thereafter for a total period of 10 months,
in fixed amounts of $124,250 per month. The Company has a right to prepay the total outstanding balance of the Note at any time
(so long as it is not in default under the Note) in cash equal to 125% of the outstanding balance of the Note. Furthermore, for
a period of sixty days from the date of entry into the Note, a third party has the right to prepay the outstanding balance of the
Note in cash equal to 130% of the outstanding balance of the Note. 

The notes become convertible into commons shares of the Company's
stock upon an Event of Default, as set forth in the terms of the SPA. The conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest closing bid
price during the twenty trading days immediately preceding the conversion. This conversion feature was considered to be a contingent
conversion feature, and therefore the conversion feature would not be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative, until such
time as and if the Company is in an event of default.  

In connection with any Event of Default by the Company, the
Investor may accelerate the Note with the outstanding balance becoming immediately due and payable in cash at 125% of the outstanding
balance. Furthermore, the Investor may elect to increase the outstanding balance by applying a 125%  default effect 
(up to two applications for two defaults) without accelerating the outstanding balance, in which event the outstanding balance
shall be increased as of the date of the occurrence of the applicable event of default. Furthermore, following the occurrence of
an event of default interest shall accrue on the outstanding balance beginning on the date the applicable event of default occurring
at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 22% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. 

In connection with entry into the SPA, the Company agreed to
reserve 300% of the shares into which the Note can be converted for the Investor. 

The Investor may, with the Company s consent, prepay,
without penalty, all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the Investor Notes at any time prior to the Investor Note Maturity
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, beginning on the date that is 90 days from the date of the issuance of the Note, and then
on the 6-month anniversary of the date of entry into the Note and monthly thereafter for a total of eight payments, the Investor
shall be obligated to prepay one of the eight Investor Notes at each such occurrence, if at the time of such occurrence: (a) no
event of default under the Note has occurred; (b) the average daily dollar volume of the Common Stock on its principal market
for the twenty (20) trading days is greater than $55,000.00; (c) the market capitalization of the Common Stock on the
date of the occurrence is greater than $3,000,000.00; and (d) the share reserve described below remains in place at the required
thresholds. 

The Company also made extensive representations and warranties
relating to the transaction. 

To date, no amounts have been received by the Company against
the eight Investor Notes. 

On April 6, 2016, the Company entered into a Promissory note
for $85,000, which was issued with a $2,500 premium, and bears interest at 0.0%. The proceeds were to be used by the Farm, to pay
for water usage. Additionally, the Company issued 600,000 of the Company's restricted common stock to the holder. The shares were
valued at the market value of the common shares of the Company on the date of the issuance of the note. The payment terms called
for $40,000 to be paid on or before April 21, 2016, $20,000 to be paid on or before May 6, 2016, and the final $27,500 to also
be paid on or before May 6, 2016. The Note also allowed for the extension of the maturity date by 30 days, at the Company's request,
in exchange for an additional $2,500 payment. The note and the $2,500 extension payment were paid during July, 2016. 

Notes payable, related parties, consists of: 

Maturities on Notes payable, related parties, are as follows: 

On June 8, 2016, the Company issued Promissory Notes
(the  Directors Notes ), in the amount of $250,700, to all the directors in exchange for various amounts
outstanding for fees and reimbursements incurred during December 2015 and April 2016. The Notes have a term of six months and
bear interest at 8% until the note is paid in full. The Directors Notes were each issued with a warrant for fifty percent of
the face amount of the note, with an exercise price of $0.01 and exercisable for three years. The Company estimated the fair
value of the warrants based on a Black Scholes valuation model. The warrants were determined to have a fair value of
$12,000, calculated with the Black Sholes Merton model, with the following key valuation assumptions: estimated term of three
years, annual risk-free rate of .93%, and annualized expected volatility of 172%. The $12,000 fair value was recognized as a
debt discount and is being amortized over the six month term of the Directors Notes. 

NOTE 9   SHARE BASED AWARDS, RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED
STOCK UNITS ( RSUs )  

The Board resolved that, beginning with the fourth calendar
quarter of 2015, the Company shall pay each member of the Company s Board of Directors, who is not also an employee of the
Company, for each calendar quarter during which such member continues to serve on the Board compensation in the amount of $15,000
in cash and 325,000 shares of Company common stock. The 975,000 shares issued to all the directors for the three months ended
March 31, 2016 were valued at the market price of the Company s common stock on March 31, 2016, for total compensation
expense of $9,750. On March 31, 2016, the Board awarded the Chairman a cash bonus of approximately $89,000 and, 2,230,000
shares of Company common stock for his service in the three months ended March 31, 2016, 

The Board authorized grants of approximately 2,761,000 shares
of the Company common stock during the second quarter of 2016, which were valued at the market price of the Company's common stock
on date of grant, for total compensation expense of approximately $13,000. On June 8, 2016, the Board also awarded the Chairman
a cash bonus of approximately $89,200 and 6,027,000 shares of Company common stock, valued at approximately $8,000. 

The Board also voted on June 8, 2016, to increase the shares
available for grant under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan to 125,000,000. The Company intends to file a Form S-8 regarding
the increased shares available for grant now that the increase in authorized shares has been approved. 

A summary of the activity related to RSUs for the three months
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented below: 

A summary of the expense related to restricted stock, RSUs and
stock option awards for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 is presented below: 

NOTE 10   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

During the first quarter of 2015, the Company issued two convertible
notes to one of its directors in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000 and one convertible note to another of its director
in the aggregate principal amount of $50,000. These notes were all converted to common stock during the third quarter of 2015. 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company issued three convertible
notes to one of its directors in the aggregate principal amount of $75,000 and one convertible note to another of its director
in the aggregate principal amount of $25,000, plus a convertible note to each of its other two directors, in the amount of
$2,500 each. See Note 7 for a description of these notes. 

In the second quarter of 2016, the Company issued promissory
notes to all of the directors, in exchange for past unpaid cash bonuses, board compensation and expenses. See Note 8 for a description
of these notes 

NOTE 11   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

The Company previously leased property for its day to day operations
and facilities for possible retail dispensary locations and cultivation locations as part of the process of applying for retail
dispensary and cultivation licenses. 

Entry into Agreement to Acquire Real Property    

On June 17, 2016, EWSD I, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, entered into a Contract to Buy and Sell Real Estate (the  Acquisition Agreement ) with Tammy J. Sciumbato
and Donnie J. Sciumbato (collectively, the  Sellers ) to purchase certain real property comprised of 116-acres of agricultural
land, a barn and a farmhouse in Pueblo, Colorado (the  Property ). The closing of the Acquisition Agreement is scheduled
to occur on or about September 22, 2016 (the  Closing ), with possession of the land and barn occurring twelve (12)
days after the Closing and possession of the farm house occurring on or before January 1, 2017. The Sellers will were to rent back
the farm house from the Company until January 1, 2017. The purchase price to acquire the Property is $650,000, including $10,000
paid by the Company as a deposit into the escrow for the Property. The $10,000 is recognized as Deposits in Escrow on the accompanying
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Office Leases   

On August 1, 2011, the Company entered into a lease agreement
for office space located in West Hollywood, California through June 30, 2017 at a current monthly rate of $14,828 per month.
The Company moved to new offices in Los Angeles, CA in April 2015. The sublease on the new office has a term of 18 months
with monthly rent of $7,486. 

The landlord for the West Hollywood space has filed a suit against
the Company and independent guarantors on the West Hollywood lease. The Company has expensed all lease payments due under the West
Hollywood lease. The Company s liability for the West Hollywood lease will be adjusted, if required, upon settlement of the
suit with the landlord. On September 8, 2016, the court approved the landlord's application for writ of attachment in the State
of California in the amount of $374,402 against Prescription Vending Machines, Inc. ( PVM ). A trial date has been
set for May 2017 (Note 12). 

Total rent expense under operating leases for the three months
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $23,000 and $66,000, respectively. Rent expense for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015
was approximately $376,000 and $110,000, respectively. 

Retail/Cultivation facility leases   

The Company s business model of acquiring retail dispensary
and cultivation licenses often requires us to acquire real estate either through lease arrangements or through purchase agreements
in order to secure a possible license. Deposits in escrow consist of amounts paid to open escrow accounts for the purchase of multiple
properties to be used to develop retail dispensary or product cultivation facilities. 

The following table is a summary of our material contractual
lease commitments as of June 30, 2016: 

Consulting Agreements   

On December 7, 2015, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
for marketing and PR services, for a term of six months, which was subsequently extended through August 30, 2016. Compensation
under this agreement through May 30, 2016 was $25,000 per month, with twenty percent, or $5,000, of this amount to be paid in shares
of the Company's common stock. Per the terms of the agreement, the number of shares issued is determined at the end of each quarter.
Upon extension, the terms were adjusted to $15,000 per month for services, with $5,000 to be paid in shares of the Company's common
stock. 

On March 1, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
for corporate financial advisory services, for a term of twelve months, which is cancellable anytime with thirty days written notice
after the first ninety days. Compensation under this agreement consists of a retainer of $3,500 per month, plus 1,500,000 shares
of common stock issuable in 375,000 share tranches on a quarterly basis. 

Litigation   

On May 22, 2013, Medbox
(now known as Notis Global, Inc.) initiated litigation in the United States District Court in the District of Arizona against three
shareholders of MedVend Holdings LLC ( Medvend ) in connection with a contemplated transaction that Medbox entered
into for the purchase of an approximate 50% ownership stake in Medvend for $4.1 million. The lawsuit alleges fraud and related
claims arising out of the contemplated transaction during the quarter ended June 30, 2013. The litigation is pending and Medbox
has sought cancellation due to a fraudulent sale of the stock because the selling shareholders lacked the power or authority to
sell their ownership stake in MedVend, and their actions were a breach of representations made by them in the agreement. On November
19, 2013 the litigation was transferred to United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. MedVend recently
joined the suit pursuant to a consolidation order executed by a new judge assigned to the matter. In the litigation, the selling
shareholder defendants and Medvend seek to have the transaction performed, or alternatively be awarded damages for the alleged
breach of the agreement by Medbox. Medvend and the shareholder defendants seek $4.55 million in damages, plus costs and attorneys 
fees. Medbox has denied liability with respect to all such claims. On June 5, 2014, the Company entered into a purchase and sale
agreement (the  Medvend PSA ) with PVM International, Inc. ( PVMI ) concerning this matter. Pursuant to
the Medvend PSA, the Company sold to PVMI the Company s rights and claims attributable to or controlled by the Company against
those three certain stockholders of Medvend, known as Kaplan, Tartaglia and Kovan (the  Medvend Rights and Claims ),
in exchange for the return by PVMI to the Company of 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock. PVMI is owned by Vincent
Mehdizadeh, formerly the Company s largest stockholder. On December 17, 2015, the Company entered into a revocation of the
Medvend PSA, which provided that from that date forward, Medbox would take over the litigation and be responsible for the costs
and attorneys  fees associated with the Medvend Litigation from December 17, 2015 forward. All costs and attorneys 
fees through December 16, 2015 will be borne by PVMI. After the filing of a motion for substitution of Medbox n/k/a Notis Global,
Inc. for PVMI, Defendants  agreed, via a stipulated order, to permit the substitution. The Court entered the order substituting
Notis Global, Inc. for PVMI on February 17, 2016. A new litigation schedule was recently issued which resulted in an adjournment
of the trial. A new trial date will be set by the court following its ruling on a motion for summary judgment filed by Defendants
and Medvend, which is set for hearing on November 16, 2016. At this time, the Company cannot determine whether the likelihood of
an unfavorable outcome of the dispute is probable or remote, nor can they reasonably estimate a range of potential loss, should
the outcome be unfavorable. 

On February 20, 2015, Michael A. Glinter, derivatively and on
behalf of nominal defendants Medbox, Inc. the Board and certain executive officers (Pejman Medizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce
Bedrick, Thomas Iwanskai, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned Siegel, Jennifer Love, and C. Douglas Mitchell) filed a suit in the
Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles. The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties and abuse
of control by the defendants. Relief is sought awarding damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty and to direct the Company
and the defendants to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply
with applicable law. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more
detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlement s. 

On January 21, 2015, Josh Crystal on behalf of himself and of
all others similarly situated filed a class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for Central District of California against
Medbox, Inc., and certain past and present members of the Board (Pejman Medizadeh, Bruce Bedrick, Thomas Iwanskai, Guy Marsala,
and C. Douglas Mitchell). The suit alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading statements regarding its financial
results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and each of the interim financial periods that year. The plaintiff seeks relief
of compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses or all damages sustained as a result of the wrongdoing. On April 23,
2015, the Court issued an Order consolidating the three related cases in this matter: Crystal v. Medbox, Inc., Gutierrez v. Medbox,
Inc., and Donnino v. Medbox, Inc., and appointing a lead plaintiff. On July 27, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint.
The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below
under  Class Settlement . 

On January 18, 2015, Ervin Gutierrez filed a class action lawsuit
in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The suit alleges violations of federal securities laws through
public announcements and filings that were materially false and misleading when made because they misrepresented and failed to
disclose that the Company was recognizing revenue in a manner that violated US GAAP. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory
damages and reasonable costs and expenses or all damages sustained as a result of the wrongdoing. On April 23, 2015, the Court
issued an Order consolidating the three related cases in this matter: Crystal v. Medbox, Inc., Gutierrez v. Medbox, Inc., and Donnino
v. Medbox, Inc., and appointing a lead plaintiff. On July 27, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint. The
Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below
under  Class Settlement . 

On January 29, 2015, Matthew Donnino filed a class action lawsuit
in the U.S. District Court for Central District of California. The suit alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading
statements regarding its financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and each of the interim financial periods
that year. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses or all damages sustained as a
result of the wrongdoing. On April 23, 2015, the Court issued an Order consolidating the three related cases in this matter: Crystal
v. Medbox, Inc., Gutierrez v. Medbox, Inc., and Donnino v. Medbox, Inc., and appointing a lead plaintiff. On July 27, 2015 Plaintiffs
filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See
more detailed discussion below under  Class Settlement . 

On February 12, 2015, Jennifer Scheffer, derivatively on behalf
of Medbox, Guy Marsala, Ned Siegel, Mitchell Lowe and C. Douglas Mitchell filed a lawsuit in the Eighth Judicial District Court
of Nevada seeking damages for breaches of fiduciary duty regarding the issuance and dissemination of false and misleading statements
and regarding allegedly improper and unfair related party transactions, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets. On April
17, 2015, Ned Siegel and Mitchell Lowe filed a Motion to Dismiss. On April 20, 2015, the Company filed a Joinder in the Motion
to Dismiss. On July 27, 2015, the Court held a hearing on and granted the Motion to Dismiss without prejudice. The Company has
entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative
Settlements . 

On March 10, 2015, Robert J. Calabrese, derivatively and on
behalf of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against certain
Company officers and/or directors (Ned L. Siegel, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Bruce Bedrick, and
Jennifer S. Love). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties and gross mismanagement by issuing materially false and misleading
statements regarding the Company s financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and each of the interim
financial periods. Specifically the suit alleges that defendants caused the Company to overstate the Company s revenues by
recognizing revenue on customer contracts before it had been earned. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable
costs and expenses for all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. The Company has entered into a Stipulation
and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlements . 

On March 27, 2015, Tyler Gray, derivatively and on behalf of
nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against the Company s
Board of Directors and certain executive officers (Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, Thomas Iwanski,
Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned Siegel, Jennifer S. Love, and C. Douglas Mitchell). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties
and abuse of control. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses for all damages sustained
as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments that plaintiff may maintain the action
on behalf of the Company, that the plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company, and that the defendants have breached
and/or aided and abetted the breach of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the plaintiff seeks that the Company be directed
to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply with applicable
law. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion
below under  Derivative Settlements . 

On May 20, 2015, Patricia des Groseilliers, derivatively and
on behalf of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against
the Company s Board of Directors and certain executive officers (Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Ned Siegel, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell
Lowe, Bruce Bedrick, Jennifer S. Love, Matthew Feinstein, C. Douglas Mitchell, and Thomas Iwanski). The suit alleges breach of
fiduciary duties and unjust enrichment. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses for
all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments that plaintiff
may maintain the action on behalf of the Company, that the plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company, and that the
defendants have breached and/or aided and abetted the breach of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the plaintiff seeks
that the Company be directed to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures
to comply with applicable law. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See
more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlements . 

On June 3, 2015, Mike Jones, derivatively and on behalf of nominal
defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the U.S. District Court for Central District of California against the Company s
Board of Directors and certain executive officers (Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned Siegel, Jennifer S. Love, C. Douglas Mitchell,
Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, and Thomas Iwanski). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties,
abuse of control, and breach of duty of honest services. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs
and expenses for all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments
that plaintiff may maintain the action on behalf of the Company, that the plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company,
and that the defendants have breached and/or aided and abetted the breach of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the
plaintiff seeks that the Company be directed to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal
procedures to comply with applicable law. On July 20, 2015, the Court issued an Order consolidating this litigation with those
previously consolidated in the Central District (Crystal, Gutierrez, and Donnino). On October 7, 2015, the Court issued an
Order modifying the July 20, 2015 Order consolidating the litigation so that the matters remain consolidated for the purposes of
pretrial only. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed
discussion below under  Derivative Settlement s. 

On July 20, 2015, Kimberly Freeman, derivatively and on behalf
of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada against the Company s Board
of Directors and certain executive officers (Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Guy Marsala, Ned Siegel, J. Mitchell Lowe, Jennifer S.
Love, C. Douglas Mitchell, and Bruce Bedrick). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties and unjust enrichment. The plaintiff
seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses for all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing.
Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments that plaintiff may maintain the action on behalf of the Company, that the
plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company, and that the defendants have breached and/or aided and abetted the breach
of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the plaintiff seeks that the Company be directed to take all necessary actions
to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply with applicable law. The Company has entered into
a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlement s. 

On October 16, 2015, solely to avoid the costs, risks, and uncertainties
inherent in litigation, the parties to the class actions and derivative lawsuits named above entered into settlements that collectively
effect a global settlement of all claims asserted in the class actions and the derivative actions. The global settlement provides,
among other things, for the release and dismissal of all asserted claims. The global settlement is contingent on final court approval,
respectively, of the settlements of the class actions and derivative actions. If the global settlement does not receive final court
approval, it could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company
and their ability to raise funds in the future. 

On October 27, 2015, separate from the above lawsuits and settlement,
Richard Merritts, derivatively and on behalf of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the Superior Court of the State
of California for the County of Los Angeles against the Board and certain executive officers (Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned
Siegel, Jennifer S. Love, C. Douglas Mitchell, Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, Jeff Goh, and Thomas
Iwanski). The suit titled  Merritts v. Marsala, et al. , Case No. BC599159 (the  Merritts Action ), alleges breach
of fiduciary duties by the defendants. Relief is sought awarding damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty and to direct
the Company and the defendants to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures
to comply with applicable law. On February 16, 2016, the court issued an order staying the litigation pending final court
approval of the settlement of the other pending derivative actions involving Medbox, Inc., as nominal defendant, and former and
current officers and directors. The settlement of the other derivative actions has been preliminarily approved by the court
in  Jones v. Marsala, et al ., Case No. 15-cv-4170 BRO (JEMx), in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.
On March 25, 2016, Merritts filed a Motion to Intervene in the case filed by Mike Jones in the U.S. District Court for the Central
District of California. By his Motion, Merritts seeks limited intervention in the Jones shareholder derivative action in order
to seek confirmatory information and discovery regarding the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement preliminarily approved by
the Court on February 3, 2016. On April 4, 2016, Plaintiff Jones and the Company separately filed oppositions to the
Motion to Intervene. On April 22, 2016, the Court issued an Order granting, without a hearing, shareholder Richard Merritts 
Motion to Intervene in the lawsuit titled  Mike Jones v. Guy Marsala, et al.  , in order to conduct limited discovery. On
September 16, 2016, solely to avoid the costs, risks, and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the parties entered into a settlement
regarding Merritts  claims. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlements . 

Class Settlement  

On December 1, 2015, Medbox and the class plaintiffs in Josh
Crystal v. Medbox, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:15-CV-00426-BRO (JEMx), pending before the United States District Court for the Central
District of California (the  Court ) notified the Court of the settlement. The Court stayed the action pending the
Court s review of the settlement and directed the parties to file a stipulation of settlement. On December 18, 2015, plaintiffs
filed the Motion for Preliminary Approval of Class Action Settlement that included the stipulation of settlement. On February 3,
2016, the Court issued an Order granting preliminary approval of the settlement. The settlement provides for notice to be given
to the class, a period for opt outs and a final approval hearing. The Court originally scheduled the Final Settlement Approval
Hearing to be held on May 16, 2016 at 1:30 p.m., but continued it to August 15, 2016 at 1:30 p.m. to be heard at the same time
as the Final Settlement Approval Hearing for the derivative actions, discussed below. The principal terms of the settlement are: 

the net proceeds of the settlement escrow, after deduction
of Court-approved administrative costs and any Court-approved attorneys  fees and costs would be distributed to the Class;
and 

releases of claims and dismissal of the action. 

By entering into the settlement, the settling parties have resolved
the class claims to their mutual satisfaction. However, the final determination is subject to approval by the Federal Courts. Defendants
have not admitted the validity of any claims or allegations and the settling plaintiffs have not admitted that any claims or allegations
lack merit or foundation. If the global settlement does not receive final court approval, it could have a material adverse effect
on the financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability to raise funds in the future. 

Derivative Settlements  

As previously announced on October 22, 2015, on October 16,
2015, the Company, in its capacity as a nominal defendant, entered into a memorandum of understanding of settlement (the  Settlement )
in the following shareholder derivative actions: (1) Mike Jones v. Guy Marsala, et al., in the U.S. District Court for Central
District of California; (2) Jennifer Scheffer v. P. Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada;
(3) Kimberly Y. Freeman v. Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada; (4) Tyler Gray v.
Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada; (5) Robert J. Calabrese v. Ned L. Siegel,
et al., in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada; (6) Patricia des Groseilliers v. Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al.,
in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada; (7) Michael A. Glinter v. Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the Superior
Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (the  Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits ). In addition
to the Company, Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, Thomas Iwanski, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned
Siegel, and C. Douglas Mitchell were named as defendants in all of the lawsuits, and Jennifer S. Love was named in all of the lawsuits
but the Scheffer action (the  Individual Defendants ). 

On December 3, 2015, the parties in the Jones v. Marsala action
advised the Court of the settlements in the Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits and that the parties would be submitting the settlement
to the Court in the Jones action for approval. The Court thereafter issued an order vacating all pending dates in the action and
ordered Plaintiff to file the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement for the Court s approval. On December 18, 2015, plaintiffs
filed the Motion for Preliminary Approval of Derivative Settlement that included the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement. On
February 3, 2016, the Court issued an Order granting preliminary approval of the settlement.    

The Court originally scheduled a final Settlement Hearing to
be held on May 16, 2016,  but subsequently continued that hearing to October 17, 2016. By the terms of
the settlement, a final Court approval would provide for a release of the claims in the Shareholder Derivative Actions and a bar
against continued prosecution of all claims covered by the release. By entering into the Settlement, the settling parties have
resolved the derivative claims to their mutual satisfaction. The Individual Defendants have not admitted the validity of any claims
or allegations and the settling plaintiffs have not admitted that any claims or allegations lack merit or foundation. 

The final Settlement Hearing was held on October 17, 2016, and the Court has taken the settlement under
review. 

Under the terms of the Settlement, the Company agrees to adopt
and adhere to certain corporate governance processes in the future. In addition to these corporate governance measures, the Company s
insurers, on behalf of the Individual Defendants, will make a payment of $300,000 into the settlement escrow account and Messrs.
Mehdizadeh and Bedrick will deliver 2,000,000 and 300,000 shares, respectively, of their Medbox, Inc. common stock into the settlement
escrow account. Subject to Court approval, the funds and common stock in the settlement escrow account will be paid as attorneys 
fees and expenses, or as service awards to plaintiffs. 

On September 16, 2016, solely to avoid the costs,
risks, and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the parties entered into a settlement regarding the Merritts Action. The
settlement provides, among other things, for the release and dismissal of all asserted claims. Under the terms of the
settlement, the Company agrees to adopt and to adhere to certain corporate governance processes in the future. In addition to
these corporate governance measures, the Company will make a payment of $135,000 in cash to be used to pay Merritts 
counsel for any attorneys  fees and expenses, or as service awards to plaintiff Merritts, that are approved and awarded
by the Court. The settlement is contingent on final court approval. The final Settlement Hearing was held on October 17, 2016, at the same date and time as the final Settlement Hearing for the Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits. The Court has taken the settlement under review. 

The Settlements remain subject to approval by the Court. The
Court must determine whether (1) the terms and conditions of the Settlements are fair, reasonable, and adequate in the best interest
of the Company and its stockholders, (2) if the judgment, as provided for in the Settlements, should be entered, and (3) if the
request of plaintiff s counsel for an award of attorneys  fees and reimbursement of expenses should be granted. 

The Company s responsibilities as to the proposed settlements
of the Class Action and the Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits have been accrued and included in Accrued settlement and severance
expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. If the settlements of the Class Action, the Shareholder
Derivative Lawsuits, or the Merritts Action do not receive final court approval, it could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability to raise funds in the future. 

SEC Investigation   

In October 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed
a special board committee (the  Special Committee ) to investigate issues arising from a federal grand jury subpoena
pertaining to the Company s financial reporting which was served upon the Company s predecessor independent registered
public accounting firm as well as certain alleged wrongdoing raised by a former employee of the Company. The Company was subsequently
served with two SEC subpoenas in early November 2014. The Company is fully cooperating with the grand jury and SEC investigations.
In connection with its investigation of these matters, the Special Committee in conjunction with the Audit Committee initiated
an internal review by management and by an outside professional advisor of certain prior period financial reporting of the Company.
The outside professional advisor reviewed the Company s revenue recognition methodology for certain contracts for the third
and fourth quarters of 2013. As a result of certain errors discovered in connection with the review by management and its professional
advisor, the Audit Committee, upon management s recommendation, concluded on December 24, 2014 that the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2013 and for the third and fourth quarters therein, as well as for the quarters ended
March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, should no longer be relied upon and would be restated to correct the
errors. On March 6, 2015 the audit committee determined that the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2012, together with all three, six and nine month financial information contained therein, and the quarterly information for
the first two quarters of the 2013 fiscal year should also be restated. On March 11, 2015, the Company filed its restated Form
10 Registration Statement with the SEC with restated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31,
2013, and on March 16, 2015, the Company filed amended and restated quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, with restated financial information
for the periods ended March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2014, respectively. 

In March 2016, the staff of the Los Angeles Regional Office
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission advised counsel for the Company in a telephone conversation, followed by a written
 Wells  notice, that it is has made a preliminary determination to recommend that the Commission file an enforcement
action against the Company in connection with misstatements by prior management in the Company s financial statements for
2012, 2013 and the first three quarters of 2014. A Wells Notice is neither a formal allegation of wrongdoing nor a finding that
any violations of law have occurred. Rather, it provides the Company with an opportunity to respond to issues raised by the Staff
and offer its perspective prior to any SEC decision to institute proceedings. These proceedings could result in the Company being
subject to an injunction and cease and desist order from further violations of the securities laws as well as monetary penalties
of disgorgement, pre-judgment interest and a civil penalty. The Company has responded in writing to the  Wells  notice.
Under current management, the Company restated the relevant financial statements and took other remedial action, and has been cooperating
with the SEC s investigation since November 2014, including the appointment of a Special Committee of the Board to investigate
the conduct of prior management and disclose this conduct to the SEC. The Company has also produced documents to the SEC and has
made witnesses available, both voluntarily and for sworn testimony pursuant to subpoena. The Company is unable to predict the outcome
of the investigation, any potential enforcement actions or any other impact on the Company that may arise as a result of such investigation.
The Company has not established a liability for this matter, because it believes that the probability of loss related to this matter
and an estimate of the amount of loss, if any, are not determinable at this time. An adverse judgment or action of the SEC could
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability
to raise funds in the future. 

Other litigation  

Whole Hemp complaint  

A complaint was filed by Whole Hemp Company, LLC d/b/a Folium
Biosciences ( Whole Hemp ) on June 1, 2016, naming Notis Global, Inc. and EWSD I, LLC (collectively,  Notis ),
as defendants in Pueblo County, CO district court.  The complaint alleges five causes of action against Notis:  misappropriation
of trade secrets, civil theft, intentional interference with prospective business advantage, civil conspiracy, and breach of contract. 
All claims concern contracts between Whole Hemp and Notis for the Farming Agreement and the Distributor Agreement.  

The court entered an  ex parte  temporary restraining order
on June 2, 2016, and a modified temporary restraining order on July 14, 2016, enjoining Notis from disclosing, using, copying,
conveying, transferring, or transmitting Whole Hemp s trade secrets, including Whole Hemp s plants.  On June 13,
2016, the court ordered that all claims be submitted to arbitration, except for the disposition of the temporary restraining order.  

On August 12, 2016, the court ordered that all of Whole Hemp s
plants in Notis  possession be destroyed, which occurred by August 24, 2016,, at which time the temporary restraining order
was dissolved and the parties will soon file a motion to dismiss the district court action.     

In light of the Whole Hemp plants all being destroyed per the
court order, the Company has immediately expensed all Capitalized agricultural costs as of June 30, 2016, as all costs as of that
date related to Whole Hemp plants. 

Notis commenced arbitration in Denver, CO on August 2, 2016,
seeking injunctive relief and alleging breaches of the contracts between the parties.  Whole Hemp filed is Answer and counterclaims
on September 6, 2016, asserting similar allegations that were asserted to the court. .  

On September 30, 2016, the arbitrator held an initial status
conference and agreed to allow EWSD and Notis to file a motion to dismiss some or all of Whole Hemp s claims by no later
than October 28, 2016. The parties were also ordered to make initial disclosures of relevant documents and persons with knowledge
of relevant information by October 21, 2016. 

West Hollywood Lease   

The lease for the former office at 8439 West Sunset Blvd. in
West Hollywood, CA has been partially subleased. The Company plans to sublease the remainder of the office in West Hollywood, CA
and continues to incur rent expense while the space is being marketed. The landlord for the prior lease filed a suit in Los Angeles
Superior Court in April 2015 against the Company for damages they allege have been incurred from unpaid rent and otherwise. In
January 2016, the landlord filed a first amended complaint adding the independent guarantors under the lease as co-defendants and
specifying damages claim of approximately $300,000. On September 8, 2016, the court approved the landlord's application for writ
of attachment in the State of California in the amount of $374,402 against Prescription Vending Machines, Inc. ( PVM ).
A trial date has been set in May 2017. The Company is presently unable to determine whether the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome
of the dispute is probable or remote, nor can it reasonably estimate a range of potential loss, should the outcome be unfavorable. 

Los Angeles Lease   

The Company s former landlord, Bank Leumi, filed an action
against the Company in Los Angeles Superior Court for breach of lease on August 31, 2016, seeking $29,977 plus fees and interest,
in addition to rent payment for September 2016. The Company filed a response to the complaint on September 21, 2016, and a case
management conference is scheduled for December 9, 2016. The Company is presently trying settle the dispute with the landlord. 

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Letter agreements   

On August 3, 2016, Notis Global, Inc. executed letter agreements
with each of the Company s two largest investors (the  First Investor  and the  Second Investor ,
respectively) (Note 7). 

First Investor Letter Agreement 

 Pursuant to the letter agreement with the First Investor (the
 First Investor Letter Agreement ), the First Investor agreed to waive, until October 31, 2016, any defaults relating
to the requirement to reserve shares of common stock in excess of shares presently held in the First Investor s reserve with
the Company s transfer agent, as required pursuant to all securities purchase agreements between the Company and the First
Investor, debentures issued by the Company to the First Investor and promissory notes issued by the Company to the First Investor
(collectively, the  First Investor Credit Agreements ). The First Investor Letter Agreement also extended the
maturity dates of certain debentures issued to the First Investor dated July 10, 2015, August 24, 2015, August 28, 2015, May 13,
2016 and May 20, 2016 from their original maturity dates (occurring between July 10, 2016 and August 28, 2016) to October 31, 2016. 

Additionally, the parties to the First Investor Letter Agreement
agreed that any payments made to the First Investor pursuant to Section 4.16 (Profit Sharing) of that certain Stock Purchase Agreement
among the First Investor, the Company, EWSD I LLC, a subsidiary of the Company ( EWSD ), and Pueblo Agriculture Supply
and Equipment, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company ( PASE ) dated as of June 30, 2016 (the  EWSD SPA ) (Note
7), shall be applied as repayments of any redemption premium, accrued and unpaid interest, and outstanding principal owed to the
First Investor under the First Investor Credit Agreements, and that the provisions of Section 4.16 of the EWSD SPA are only applicable
until the First Investor has been repaid required principal, interest, fees and premiums under the EWSD SPA and any related debentures
issued by the Company pursuant thereto. 

Second Investor Letter Agreement 

 Pursuant to the letter agreement with the Second Investor (the
 Second Investor Letter Agreement ), the Second Investor (on behalf of itself and its affiliates) also agreed to waive,
until October 31, 2016, any defaults relating to the requirement to reserve shares of common stock in excess of shares presently
held in the Second Investor s reserve with the Company s transfer agent, as required pursuant to all securities purchase
agreements between the Company and the Second Investor, debentures issued by the Company to the Second Investor and promissory
notes issued by the Company to the Second Investor (collectively, the  Second Investor Credit Agreements ). The
Second Investor Letter Agreement also extended the maturity dates of certain debentures issued (or assigned) to the Second Investor
(or its affiliates) dated August 24, 2015, March 27, 2015, May 7, 2015, May 15, 2015, May 22, 2015 and August 14, 2015
from their original maturity dates (occurring between July 10, 2016 and August 24, 2016) to October 31, 2016. 

Pursuant to the Second Investor Letter Agreement, the Company
agreed to pay the Second Investor within five (5) days of the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) 20% of all distributed cash
flow from PASE and EWSD to the Company after taking into account amounts owed to First Investor pursuant to Section 4.16 (Profit
Sharing) of the EWSD SPA, and (ii) 20% of any money raised at either EWSD or PASE that is distributable or paid to the Company.
Such payments will be credited as repayments of amounts owed to the Second Investor under all securities purchase agreements between
the Company and the Second Investor, debentures issued by the Company to the Second Investor and promissory notes issued by the
Company to the Second Investor (collectively, the  Second Investor Credit Agreements ) including towards any redemption,
premium accrued and unpaid interest, and outstanding principal thereunder, and such payments shall only occur until the Second
Investor has been repaid the sum of $500,000 of principal under the Second Investor Credit Agreements, plus a 30% premium on such
amount. 

Subsequent funding   

Subsequent to June 30, 2016, the Company has received approximately
$1,266,000, net of approximately $40,000 in withholdings, in additional closings under the June 30, 2016 funding (Note 7). 

Additionally, the Company has received approximately $650,000 under the September 30, 2016 financing discussed below. 

Event of Default   

On September 22, 2016, Notis Global, Inc. received notice of
an Event of Default and Acceleration (the    Notice Letter   ) in connection with the promissory note (the
 Note ), dated March 14, 2016, in the original principal amount of $140,000 (Note 8). Pursuant to the Notice Letter,
(1) beginning on September 14, 2016, the maturity date of the Note, the Note began to accrue interest at a default rate of 22%
per annum (the    Default Rate Adjustment   ), (2) the noteholder declared all unpaid principal, accrued
interest and other amounts due and payable at 125% of the outstanding balance of the Note (the    Mandatory Default Amount   ),
and (3) the noteholder declared the outstanding balance of the Note immediately due and payable (the    Acceleration
Payment   ). 

On September 23, 2016, the noteholder agreed to forebear the
Acceleration Payment for a period of 30 days, and is in the process with the Company of negotiating a forbearance agreement reflecting
the 30-day forbearance. Regardless of such forbearance, the Default Rate Adjustment and the application of the Mandatory Default
Amount formula shall remain in effect. As a result of the application of the Mandatory Default Amount formula, the outstanding
balance of the Note increased to $184,022 from $147,217. 

As a result of the effect of the Notice Letter, other of the
Company s lenders could issue similar notices of events of default or acceleration or penalties due to the Company s
Event of Default set forth in the Notice Letter. 

Entry into Note Purchase Agreement,
Exchange Agreement, and Security Agreement   

On September 30, 2016, the Company entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with a new investor (the  Investor )
pursuant to which two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, EWSD I, LLC ( EWSD I ) and Pueblo Agriculture Supply
and Equipment, LLC ( Pueblo , and together with EWSD I, the  Subsidiaries ) agreed to jointly sell, and
the Investor agreed to purchase, an aggregate of up to $3,349,599 in subscription amount of convertible secured promissory notes
(plus the Investor Subscription Amount of $1,431,401, described below, which was tendered with the first tranche of the Securities
Purchase Agreement) (collectively, the  New Notes ) in seven tranches (each, a  Closing ). 

The Investor s commitment to purchase
the New Notes may, at the option of the Investor, be reduced by up to $700,000 for monies raised by the Company or the Subsidiaries.
The Investor Note Subscription Amount refers to $1,431,401 of 10% convertible notes of the Company previously issued to the Company's
major investor ( First Investor ) pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated on or about June 30, 2016
(the  July SPA ) (Note 11). The debentures issued pursuant to the July SPA were subsequently assigned to the Investor
and were tendered for cancellation to the Company for the Investor Subscription Amount portion of the New Notes. 

The New Notes accrue interest at a rate
of 5% per annum and are issued at a 40% discount to purchase price. Therefore, if each of the seven tranches described below are
fully funded, the Company would receive cash in the aggregate of $1,983,599 in exchange for the issuance of New Notes with a face
value of $3,349,599 in principal to be repaid to the Investor. The first New Note issued in the first tranche under the Securities
Purchase Agreement was for an original purchase price of $1,881,401 (representing the Investor Note Subscription Amount of $1,431,401
plus $450,000 funded purchase price) and an original principal amount of $2,633,961. The New Notes may be prepaid inclusive of
interest of the greater of one year or the current amount of time that the New Note has been outstanding. 

The funding of New Notes under the Securities Purchase Agreement are as follows: The first tranche of up to $539,306 plus
the Investor Note Subscription Amount, the second tranche of up to $100,000 being closed upon on or about October 1, 2016,
the third tranche of up to $208,424 being closed upon on or about October 17, 2016, the fourth tranche of up to $100,000 being
closed upon on or about November 1, 2016, the fifth tranche of up to $188,818 being closed upon on or about November 15, 2016,
the sixth tranche of up to $182,051 being closed upon on or about December 15, 2016, and the seventh tranche of up to $665,000,
the closing of which is contingent upon, among other things, the purchase of that certain parcel of land located at 212 39th
Ln, Pueblo CO 81006 referred to as "Farm#2", upon terms and conditions that are satisfactory to the Investor and the assignment
of a 20% ownership interest in that certain 320-acres of agricultural land in Pueblo, Colorado (the "Farm") and Farm #2 to
the Investor. As of October 20, 2016 the new investor has funded $650,000 in cash for New Notes with the total face value
of $910,000, excluding the Investor Note Subscription Amount. 

Upon retirement of the New Notes, the Company
or its Subsidiaries or affiliates as applicable, shall assign twenty percent (20%) of their respective ownership interest in the
Farm and Farm #2 to the Investor. 

The Company and Ned Siegel, Jeffrey Goh,
and Clinton Pyatt, each an executive officer of the Company or member of the Company s Board shall enter into management
contracts with the Company upon terms and subject to conditions that are reasonably acceptable to the Investor. 

Furthermore, the Company shall pay to the
Investor as partial repayment of the New Notes or other indebtedness at the end of each calendar month: 

(a)     Out
of the first $1,000,000 in the aggregate of combined revenues received from all sources, including, without limitation, any revenue
from any legal settlement, judgment, or other legal proceeding (collectively, a  Legal Matter ), received of the Company
and all of its Subsidiaries net of any payments to an  outside farmer  (collectively, the  Combined Revenues ),
80% of the Combined Revenues, except to the extent the Combined Revenues are from a Legal Matter, in which event, the percentage
shall be 50% (collectively, the  Combined Net Revenues ). 

(b)    Out
of the second $1,000,000 in the aggregate of Combined Revenues, 70% of the Combined Net Revenues, except to the extent the Combined
Revenues are from a Legal Matter, in which event, the percentage shall be 50%. 

(c)     Out
of any Combined Revenues in excess of $2,000,000, 60% of the Combined Net Revenues, except to the extent the Combined Revenues
are from a Legal Matter, in which event, the percentage shall be 50%. 

(d)     Upon
full satisfaction of the New Notes, 60% of the Combined Net Revenues shall be used to redeem any outstanding indebtedness owed
to the Investor. 

(e)     The
foregoing amounts may, at the Investor s option, be reduced to allow EWSD to meet its overhead not to exceed $120,000 per
month plus a maximum of $100,000 per month to the Company beginning January 15, 2017. 

(f)      The
Company shall be permitted to enter into one or more agreements with third parties to allocate to such third parties up to no more
than 20% of the Combined Net Revenues. Any such agreements shall reduce the percentage of the Combined Net Revenues to be paid
by the Companies to the Investor. 

The Company agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to amend the Subordination Agreement (referred to above) to reflect the issuance of New Notes to the Investor
within 14 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The First Investor and the Investor are affiliates of one another. 

The Company and the Subsidiaries also entered
into an Exchange Agreement with First Investor, pursuant to which the First Investor agreed to exchange each of the Company s
outstanding debentures issued in their favor (in the principal outstanding balance amount of approximately $5,882,242 (plus accrued
interest) (the  Original Debentures ) for certain 10% Convertible Debentures issued by the Subsidiaries, due June 30,
2017, on substantially the same terms as the Original Debentures (the  Subsidiary Debentures ). 

The Company and the Subsidiaries
also entered into a Security Agreement (the  Security Agreement ), securing a lien for the Investor on the Farm (subject
to the rights of the primary lien holder in the Farm pursuant to the Subordination Agreement (as defined above)) and securing
a lien for the Investor on Subsidiaries  other assets on a primary basis. Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company
agreed to, within 14 calendar days, negotiate and enter into an amendment to the Subordination Agreement to reflect the rights
of the Investor set forth in the Security Agreement. The Company also intends to negotiate related waivers with its other creditors. 

In the instance of an Event of Default,
as such term is defined in the New Note, the Investor has the right to convert all or any portion of principal and/or interest
of the New Notes into shares of Common Stock of the Company in accordance with the terms of the form of 10% Convertible Debenture
dated as of June 30, 2016 issued under the July SPA. 

The Investor shall have a right of first
refusal to participate in future equity financings of the Company on the same terms as any new investors for a period of twelve
months from the closing of the last Convertible Debenture. 

Grant of Second Deed of Trust and Assignment of Rents

On September 30, 2016, EWSD I, LLC (  EWSD I  ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company granted a junior lender (the   Junior Lender  ) a Second Deed of Trust,
Security Agreement and Financing Statement (the   Second Trust Deed  ) and an Assignment of Rents and Leases (the
  Assignment of Rents  ). The Second Trust Deed and the Assignment of Rents encumber the Farm, and the rents payable
by tenants under any current and future leases of and from the Farm. The Second Trust Deed and the Assignment of Rents secure the
payment of all obligations of EWSD I pursuant to any debentures issued to the Junior Lender in accordance with the Securities Purchase
Agreement dated June 30, 2016 by and among EWSD I, Junior Lender, and Company (the   Securities Purchase Agreement  ). 

 The security granted to the Junior Lender pursuant to the Second
Trust Deed and the Assignment of Rents is subordinate to the rights of Southwest Farms, Inc. (the   Senior Lender  )
as set forth in the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of August 7, 2015 granted by EWSD I in favor
of Senior Lender and the Assignment of Rents and Leases by and between EWSD I and Senior Lender dated as of August 7, 2015. Such
subordination is documented in a Subordination Agreement dated as of August 23, 2016 by and among Senior Lender, Junior Lender,
Company, EWSD I, and Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC, another wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as amended by
a First Amendment to Subordination Agreement dated as of September 19, 2016 (collectively, the   Subordination Agreement  )
pursuant to which Senior Lender consented to the Second Trust Deed and the Assignment of Rents. The Subordination Agreement also
provides that the Junior Lender may not increase the principal amount of indebtedness pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
beyond $1,500,000. 

On September 9, 2016, the Company received notice from the
OTC Markets that OTC Markets would move the Company s listing from the OTCQB market to OTC Pink Sheets market, if the
Company had not filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 by September 30, 2016. On or about
October 1, 2016, the Company moved to the OTC Pink Sheets market. This might also impact the Company's ability to
obtain funding.    

Entry
into Note Purchase Agreement and Global Debenture Amendment    

On
October 10, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with an accredited
investor (the  Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, a secured
convertible promissory note (the  Note ) in the aggregate principal amount of $53,000.  

The
Investor deducted a commitment fee in the amount of $3,000 at the closing. The Note bears interest at the rate of 5% per annum
and matures on April 30, 2017. The Company may not prepay any part of the outstanding balance of the Note at any time prior to
maturity without the written consent of the Investor. At any time or from time to time, the Investor may convert the Note, in whole
or in part, into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price that is the lower of (a) $0.75, or (b) 51% of the lowest
volume weighted average price for the 30 consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date.  

In
connection with entry into the Note Purchase Agreement, the parties also entered into a Global Debenture Amendment (the  Debenture
Amendment ), pursuant to which the Investor shall be entitled to the same  look-back  period on establishing
the conversion price of a Note as any other Investor is entitled to pursuant to notes or debentures held by such Investor. Based
on the terms of the Company's other convertible notes and debentures, other investors shall be entitled to the same rights established
in the Debenture Amendment. Therefore, each of the company's investors holding convertible debt shall be entitled to the same  look-back 
period when establishing the conversion price for their respective notes or debentures.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Forward-Looking Statements  

Information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain
forward-looking statements. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different than the future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our
future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   should, 
 expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project 
or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. 

Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements regarding our proposed services, market opportunities and acceptance, expectations for revenues, cash flows
and financial performance, and intentions for the future. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed
in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under  Risk
Factors  in the Company s Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) on April 13, 2016. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will in fact be accurate. Further, we do not undertake any obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statements, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As a result, you
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

Overview  

Notis Global enters into joint ventures and operating and management
agreements with its partners and acts as a distributor of hemp products processed by our contract partners. Furthermore, we own
and manage real estate used by our contract partners for cultivation centers and dispensaries. 

We are building a consistent, predictable and valuable revenue
model as we refocus the Company to create a sustainable business model to grow crops and manufacture products from hemp farmland
and to market, sell and distribute CBD oil. State and local laws regarding farming and growing marijuana and cultivation centers
for marijuana vary. 

With an eye focused on the future-and ultimately anticipated
FDA approval of hemp and CBD oil production and sales in the United States-we are honing our focus to controlling our supply chain.
From  Seed to Sale,  Notis Global will influence its own destiny by controlling our ecosystem. We intend to oversee
and execute everything from growing and cultivating the highest quality plants to managing extraction and production of our products.
We believe this tight control of our supply chain will eventually be mandated by the Federal Government as a condition of legalizing
hemp and CBD oil production, manufacturing and distribution in the United States. We have elected to take action now, and intend
to lead our industry by doing so. As we continue to navigate the emerging world of hemp and CBD growing, cultivation, production
and sales, it is clear that controlling all aspects of the business is the best strategy to meet our goals. 

In August 2015, we purchased a 320 acre farm located outside
of Pueblo, CO, in order to cultivate hemp for our products. 

Whole Hemp Agreement  

In December 2015, we entered into a Farming Agreement with Whole
Hemp Company ( Whole Hemp ), now known as Folium Biosciences, pursuant to which Whole Hemp would manufacture products
from hemp and cannabis crops that it would grow on our farm, and the Company would build greenhouses for such activities up to
an aggregate size of 200,000 square feet. Whole Hemp would pay all preapproved costs of such construction on or before September
2017 as partial consideration for a revocable license to use the greenhouses and a separate 10-acre plot of our farmland. We would
retain ownership of the greenhouses. Under the 10 year amended agreement with Whole Hemp, Notis Global would receive a percentage
of gross sales of all Whole Hemp products paid on a monthly basis. The Farming Agreement was amended and restated in March 2016. 

Since May 7, 2016, we believe Whole Hemp has been in default,
principally because they abandoned their obligation to perform farming activities under the First Amended and Restated Farming
Agreement. On May 13, 2016, EWSD notified Whole Hemp of its defaults under the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement and
EWSD s election to terminate the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement. 

By its terms, the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement
may be terminated at any time by either party, if the other party was in material breach of any obligation under the First Amended
and Restated Farming Agreement, which breach continued uncured for 30 days following written notice thereof. 

In addition, in December 2015, we entered into a Grower s
Distributor Agreement with Whole Hemp, pursuant to which we would provide marketing, sales, and related services on behalf of Whole
Hemp in connection with the sale of its Cannabidoil oil product, and pursuant to which the Company would receive a percentage of
gross revenues. The Grower s Distributor Agreement was effective until September 30, 2025. The Grower s Distributor
Agreement was amended and restated in March 2016. 

Because we believe Whole Hemp has been in default, principally
because they abandoned their obligation to perform farming activities under the First Amended and Restated Farming Agreement since
May 7, 2016, EWSD notified Whole Hemp on May 13, 2016 of its election to terminate the Restated Grower s Distributor
Agreement. 

By its terms, the Restated Grower s Distributor Agreement
could be terminated at any time by either party, if the other party was in material breach of any obligation under the Restated
Grower s Distributor Agreement, which breach continued uncured for 30 days following written notice thereof. 

Whole Hemp complaint  

A complaint was filed by Whole Hemp Company, LLC d/b/a Folium
Biosciences ( Whole Hemp ) on June 1, 2016, naming Notis Global, Inc. and EWSD I, LLC (collectively,  Notis ),
as defendants in Pueblo County, CO district court.  The complaint alleges five causes of action against Notis:  misappropriation
of trade secrets, civil theft, intentional interference with prospective business advantage, civil conspiracy, and breach of contract. 
All claims concern contracts between Whole Hemp and Notis for the Farming Agreement and the Distributor Agreement.  

The court entered an  ex parte  temporary restraining order
on June 2, 2016, and a modified temporary restraining order on July 14, 2016, enjoining Notis from disclosing, using, copying,
conveying, transferring, or transmitting Whole Hemp s trade secrets, including Whole Hemp s plants.  On June 13,
2016, the court ordered that all claims be submitted to arbitration, except for the disposition of the temporary restraining order.  

On August 12, 2016, the court ordered that all of Whole Hemp s
plants in Notis  possession be destroyed, which occurred by August 24, 2016,, at which time the temporary restraining order
was dissolved and the parties will soon file a motion to dismiss the district court action.     

Notis commenced arbitration in Denver, CO on August 2, 2016,
seeking injunctive relief and alleging breaches of the contracts between the parties.  Whole Hemp filed is Answer and counterclaims
on September 6, 2016, asserting similar allegations that were asserted to the court. .  

On September 30, 2016, the arbitrator held an initial status
conference and agreed to allow EWSD and Notis to file a motion to dismiss some or all of Whole Hemp s claims by no later
than October 28, 2016. The parties were also ordered to make initial disclosures of relevant documents and persons with knowledge
of relevant information by October 21, 2016. 

In light of the court order to destroy all Whole Hemp plants,
the Company has immediately expensed all Capitalized agricultural costs as of June 30, 2016, as all costs as of that date related
to Whole Hemp plants. 

As noted above, our long term strategy is to maintain tight
control of our supply chain. The continuing default by Whole Hemp was conductive to our efforts to eliminate outside vendors in
the supply chain and control production from  Seed to Sale.  Our decision to terminate the Whole Hemp Agreements comports
with our long term strategy to maintain tight control of our supply chain. 

Historically, we generated revenue from various sources on a
 one-time basis  for services that we provided to clients in helping them obtain licenses, build out and open dispensaries
and cultivation centers. During this period we obtained five licenses or registrations in the States of Oregon, Illinois, Washington
and California for or on behalf of clients or for potential clients. Most of the current dispensary and cultivation sites that
are opening under these licenses began conducting business in 2015. As of the second quarter of 2016, we have sold all of our interests
and rights as concerns the dispensaries. 

In the second quarter of 2015, we contracted with an independent
operator to operate a dispensary in Portland, Oregon. In December 2015, we terminated the operator due to low sales volume
and entered an operating agreement with a new partner to operate the Portland dispensary. Under the management of our new
partner, the dispensary reached expected sales volume levels in December 2015 through March 2016 and is rated as the top dispensary
in Portland, Oregon according to Leafly.com. On June 30, 2016, we entered into an assignment agreement whereby we sold and
assigned all of our rights in the operating agreement, including but not limited to the assets and liabilities we held in relation
to the Portland dispensary, resulting in a net loss of $178,000 on sale of assets. 

On December 31, 2015, our operating partner made a matching
investment to close on our escrow for a dispensary site in San Diego, CA. Notis Global, through an affiliated company, holds
the approved conditional use permit to operate a dispensary on this site. In two transactions in February and April 2016 we sold
our interest in the operating entity for approximately $299,000 and our interest in the underlying real estate for $335,000 to
our operating partner and other third parties along with a forgiveness of $65,000 owed by Notis for improvements on the property,
recognizing a gain of approximately $631,000. After the April 6, 2016 transaction, we have no further interest in the dispensary
in San Diego, CA. 

In the State of Washington, we hold two licenses to operate
dispensaries. These two dispensaries will be operated by an independent operating partner, with whom we have entered into
operating contracts as of August 31, 2015. We receive a fixed fee from the operating partner of $1,000 per dispensary, which is
paid monthly. We also hold the underlying real estate for one of the two dispensaries, for which we receive monthly rental
income of $2,500. On July 25, 2016, we were notified that we are in default on the Note payable related to the underlying
property, and are incurring interest at the default rate of 18%. The Company is in discussions regarding settlement of this note. 

During January and February 2016 we were selling a line of portable
vaporizers and accessories under the brand name Vaporfection. In January 2016, we decided to exit the portable vaporizer business
in 2016 so that the Company can more aggressively pursue additional business opportunities in its core business. On March 28,
2016 we sold our assets in Vaporfection for $70,000, which is payable $35,000 upon the sale and $35,000 was loaned to the buyer
under a 6% note payable due September 30, 2016. 

Comparison of the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015

The Company reported consolidated net income of approximately
$6,549,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and loss of approximately $11,395,000, for the three months ended June 30,
2015. The change from net loss to income of approximately $17,944,000 was due significantly to the change in fair value of the
derivative liability of $9,940,000 resulting in income, as well as to the decreases in amortization of debt discount by approximately
$3,485,000, general and administrative expenses by approximately $2,753,000, and financing cost of approximately $1,230,000. 

Revenue   

Total revenue consisted of revenue from CBD oil sales generated
from our Grower s Distribution agreement with Whole Hemp, deferred revenue which was recognized in the current period for
consulting agreements, sale of territory rights to a related party, rental income, Company s share of dispensary revenue
and in 2015 the revenue from sales of vaporizers. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company launched its CBD oil sales program
under the Grower s Distribution agreement. As noted under the Overview above, this agreement was terminated in May 2016. 

The increase by approximately $187,000 in total revenue is due
to an increase of approximately $107,000 from CBD oil sales generated from our Grower s Distribution agreement and an increase
of approximately $92,000 from rental income and Company s share of dispensary revenue earned our Oregon and Washington operations
compared to $16,000 in rental income for the same period of 2015. This increase was offset by a decrease by $17,000 in vaporizer
sales and accessories due to the Company exiting the business as of March 31, 2016. 

Costs of revenue  

Costs of revenues decreased by approximately $673,000 for the
three months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. 

During the three months ended June 30, 3015, the manufacturing
partner of the Company announced that they had filed for restructuring and court protection under Chapter 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code. The Company had Inventory and deposits on dispensing machines connected to this manufacturing partner. As a result,
the Company wrote down both the inventory of the dispensing machines and deposits, for a total charge to Costs of revenues of approximately
$355,000. There were no similar transactions during the same period of 2016. 

In light of the court order to destroy all Whole Hemp plants
(Note 3), during the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company immediately expensed all Capitalized agricultural costs of approximately
$73,000 to Costs of revenue. 

New market development costs decreased by approximately $234,000
during three months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. New market development costs consist of costs incurred
in new markets prior to securing a location and obtaining a license for new dispensary or cultivation facilities in the state.
The Company was not active in developing new market areas in the second quarter of 2016, leading to the aforementioned decrease. 

During the second quarter of 2015, the Company forfeited $240,000
in earnest money due to unfavorable terms demanded by the sellers to extend the escrow and closing date. There were no corresponding
charges in the second quarter of 2016. 

As result of our CBD oil sale program launched in the first
quarter of 2016 the Company incurred cost of revenue related to procurement of CBD oils in the amount of approximately $93,000
during the second quarter of 2016. There were no corresponding costs for the same period of 2015. 

Rental expenses on the master lease and tenant improvement amortization
related to the Oregon rental income was approximately $23,000 and $15,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses consist of all other costs incurred during
the period other than cost of revenue. The Company incurred approximately $2,524,000 in operating expenses for the three months
ended June 30, 2016 compared to approximately $5,395,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2015. The decrease of approximately
$2,871,000 was primarily due to the decrease in general and administrative expenses of $2,753,000. 

Sales and Marketing expenses   

Sales and marketing expenses include employee costs, outside
services for sales and marketing consultants, travel and entertainment and sales lead generation. The Company incurred approximately
$41,000 and $159,000 in sales and marketing expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease
was a result of the Company s effort to decrease expenses in these areas. 

General and administrative   

General and administrative expenses include salary costs, including
stock based compensation, professional costs, including the costs associated with being a public company and consultants, rent
and other costs. The expenses incurred during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized and described below: 

Salary costs   

Employee costs and bonuses increased by approximately $55,000
for the three months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2016. During 2016, there was an increase of approximately
$108,000 in salaries, due to the addition of our Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Operations. This salary increase
was offset by bonuses of approximately $53,000 in the three months ended June 30, 2015, while there were no cash bonuses for the
same period in 2016. 

The Company s stock based compensation decreased by approximately
$1,712,000 due to lower cost for director s fees in the second year of their term. The director s retention agreements
specify higher stock grants in their first year of service (two Directors commenced service in the middle of 2014 and received
inducement grants for their first year of service; their related costs were expensed over the year that included the first quarter
of 2015). Additionally, the new grants expensed in 2016, were valued at a significantly lower share price. 

Professional costs   

Professional costs decreased approximately $1,072,000 for three
months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015. A significant portion of the decrease was due to the settlement
expense of approximately $515,000 recognized in the three months ended June 30, 2015, related to the severance payments and related
costs payable to Guy Marsala, former CEO of the Company. There were no similar expenses during the same period of 2016. 

Legal costs decreased by $453,000 during the three months ended
June 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015 mostly due to the recognition during the second quarter of 2015, of a liability
of $430,000 to indemnify its former CEO Dr. Bruce Bedrick for legal expenses, principally in connection with shareholders
law suits. 

The
costs of being public include legal fees for our corporate securities counsel, filing fees, independent directors  fees and
bonuses and investor relations costs.  A portion of the periods decrease was due to the reduction by approximately $221,000
of costs associated with being a public company and accounting and audit fees as the corresponding period reflects the additional
costs of the Company s filing of a registration statement on Form S-1, offset by independent director s bonuses of
approximately $89,000. 

Other costs   

Due to the Company s development of the farm in Colorado,
fund raising activities and exploration and development of international markets travel and related expenses increased by approximately
$117,000 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

As part of the transactions with Whole Hemp (Note 3), the Company
issued a warrant to purchase 4,000,000 shares of Company common stock valued at $76,000. The fair value of the warrants was included
in deferred costs and due to the termination of the Farming and Growers Distribution Agreements this amount has been fully amortized
during the second quarter of 2016. 

Insurance costs decreased by approximately $214,000 for the
three months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015, as the Company reduced their coverage to decrease on
expenses. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Other income (expense) includes the financing costs associated
with our financing activities, including the amortization of the debt discount and the change in fair value of the derivative liability.
As disclosed in Note 7 of the Company s financial statements, the reset provision for the subsequent sale of any dilutive
issuance at a lower sale or exercise price than the then current conversion price results for accounting purposes as a liability
being recognized for the fair value of the derivative. This derivative is re-measured each period end, with the net change in fair
value for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 of gains of approximately $9,940,000 and $814,000, respectively, being
recognized in Other income (expense). This derivative feature results in a debt discount for the initial fair value recognized
for the derivative. The debt discount also includes the fair value of the warrants issued with the convertible debentures, as well
as the discounts offered to the face value of the notes payable. This debt discount is amortized as  other expense 
over the life of the convertible debenture, or until conversion, if earlier, which amounted in approximately $745,000 for the three
months ended June 30, 2016 and $4,230,000 for the same period of 2015. Additionally, the current period closings of the convertible
debentures resulted in the calculated fair value of the discount being greater than the face amount of the debt by approximately
$335,000, with this excess amount being immediately expensed as Financing costs. Financing costs also includes the amortization
of $210,000 relating to a note issued as an incentive to amend the terms of certain convertible debentures (Note 7). As the Company
determined there is not sufficient authorized shares at quarter-end for conversion of all the convertible debentures and exercise
of the warrants, under their sequencing policy (Note 7), the Company has recognized a warrant liability. The warrant liability
is remeasured to its fair value at the end of every period, which resulted in the Company recognizing a net gain from the change
in fair value of the warrant liability of approximately $441,000 for three months ended June 30, 2016. 

Interest expense for the stated interest on our convertible
debentures and notes payable incurred during three months ended June 30, 2016 amounted to approximately $206,000. In addition to
the foregoing, the Company incurred approximately $15,000 in interest offset by $3,000 premium amortization on the promissory note
issued in relation to the purchase of the property in the State of Washington and approximately $54,000 related to notes for the
purchase of the land in Colorado. All of the above resulted in interest expense of approximately $272,000 for the three months
ended June 30, 2016. Interest expense for the stated interest on our July 2014 and September 2014 convertible debentures incurred
in the three months ended June 30, 2015 amounted to approximately $78,000. 

As result of the Company s sale of its interest in the
operating entity and its interest in the underlying real estate in San Diego, the Company recorded a net gain of approximately
$331,000. In addition, on June 30, 2016, the Company entered into an assignment agreement whereby we sold and assigned all of our
rights in the operating agreement, including but not limited to the assets and liabilities we held in relation to the Portland
dispensary, resulting in a net loss of $178,000 on sale of assets. 

Net Income (Loss)  

As a result of the factors set forth above, our net loss changed
to net income, with a fluctuation of approximately $17,994,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016, resulting in net income
of approximately $6,549,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016. 

Comparison of the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015

The Company reported a consolidated net income of approximately
$7,796,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and consolidated net loss of approximately $15,829,000, for the six months ended
June 30, 2015. The fluctuation of approximately $23,625,000 was significantly due to the change in fair value of the derivative
liabilities of approximately $18,820,000, as well as an increase in gross profit by approximately $1,184,000 offset by various
decreases in expenses. These expenses primarily include decreases in the fair value of the warrant liability by approximately $997,000,
decreased amortization of debt discount of approximately $3,436,000 and reduced general and administrative expenses of approximately
$2,888,000. 

Revenue   

Total revenue consisted of revenue from CBD oil sales generated
from our Grower s Distribution agreement, deferred revenue which was recognized in the current period for consulting agreements,
sale of territory rights to a related party, rental income, Company s share of dispensary revenue and in 2015 the revenue
from sales of vaporizers. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company launched its CBD oil sales program under the Grower s
Distribution agreement. As noted under the Overview above, this agreement was terminated in May 2016. 

The increase by approximately $373,000 in total revenue is due
to an increase of approximately $239,000 from CBD oil sales generated from our Grower s Distribution agreement and an increase
of approximately $147,000 from rental income and Company s share of dispensary revenue earned our Oregon and Washington operations
compared to $16,000 in rental income for the same period of 2015. This increase was offset by a decrease by $16,000 in vaporizer
sales and accessories due to the Company exiting the business as of March 31, 2016. 

Costs of revenue   

Costs of revenues decreased by approximately $811,000 for the
six months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. 

New market development costs decreased by approximately $538,000
during six months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. New market development costs consist of costs incurred
in new markets prior to securing a location and obtaining a license for new dispensary or cultivation facilities in the state.
The Company was not active in developing new market areas in 2016, leading to the aforementioned decrease. 

During the three months ended June 30, 3015, the manufacturing
partner of the Company announced that they had filed for restructuring and court protection under Chapter 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code. The Company had Inventory and deposits on dispensing machines connected to this manufacturing partner. As a result,
the Company wrote down both the inventory of the dispensing machines and deposits, for a total charge to Costs of revenues of approximately
$355,000. There were no similar transactions during the same period of 2016. 

During the second quarter of 2015, the Company forfeited $240,000
in earnest money due to unfavorable terms demanded by the sellers of real property to extend the escrow and closing date on the
sale of the property. There were no corresponding charges in the second quarter of 2016. 

The reduction of the above three categories of costs of revenue
are the cause of the increase in our gross profit for the six months ended June 30, 2016. As result of our CBD oil sale program
launched in the first quarter of 2016 the Company incurred cost of revenue related to procurement of CBD oils in the amount of
approximately $195,000 during the second quarter of 2016. There were no corresponding costs for the same period of 2015. The gross
profit on our CBD oil sales is approximately $44,000 or 18.5%. 

In light of the court order to destroy all Whole Hemp plants,
the Company has immediately expensed all Capitalized agricultural costs of $75,000 as of June 30, 2016, as all costs as of that
date related to Whole Hemp plants. 

Rental expenses on the master lease and tenant improvement amortization
related to the Oregon rental income was approximately $46,000 and $23,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
There were no corresponding costs for the same period of 2015. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses consist of all other costs incurred during
the period other than cost of revenue. The Company incurred approximately $6,457,000 in operating expenses for the six months ended
June 30, 2016 compared to approximately $9,460,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2015. The decrease of approximately $3,004,000
was primarily due to the decrease in general and administrative expenses of $2,888,000. 

Sales and Marketing expenses   

Sales and marketing expenses include employee costs, outside
services for sales and marketing consultants, travel and entertainment and sales lead generation. The Company incurred approximately
$223,000 and $338,000 in sales and marketing expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease
was a result of the Company s effort to cutback on expenses. 

General and administrative   

General and administrative expenses include salary costs, including
stock based compensation, professional costs, including the costs associated with being a public company and consultants, rent
and other costs. The expenses incurred during the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized and described below: 

Salary costs   

Employee costs and bonuses increased by approximately $209,000
for the six months ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2016. During 2016, there was an increase of approximately
$263,000 in salaries, primarily due to the addition of our Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Operations. This salary
increase was offset by bonuses of approximately $53,000 in the three months ended June 30, 2015, while there were no cash bonuses
for the same period in 2016. 

The Company s stock based compensation decreased by approximately
$1,712,000 due to lower cost for director s fees in the second year of their term. The director s retention agreements
specify higher stock grants in their first year of service (two Directors commenced service in the middle of 2014 and received
inducement grants for their first year of service; their related costs were expensed over the year that included the first quarter
of 2015). Additionally, the new grants expensed in 2016, were valued at a significantly lower share price. 

Professional costs   

Professional costs decreased approximately $16,000 for the six
months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015. 

Legal costs increased by $189,000 during the six months ended
June 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015 mostly due to costs related to preparation of a Private Placement Memorandum
to be offered by the Company s subsidiary EWSD I and legal expenses related to the sale of our interest in the operating
entity and our interest in the underlying real estate in San Diego offset by the recognition during the second quarter of 2015,
of a liability of $430,000 to indemnify the Company's former CEO Dr. Bruce Bedrick for legal expenses, principally in connection
with shareholders law suits. 

Independent contractors cost increased by approximately $212,000
for the first six months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 due to consulting expenses incurred in connection with costs
related to exploration and development of international markets and the preparation of a Private Placement Memorandum to be offered
by the Company s subsidiary, EWSD I. 

The
costs of being public include legal fees for our corporate securities counsel, filing fees, independent directors  fees and
bonuses and investor relations costs. There was an increase in these cost of approximately $145,000 comprised of a  reduction
by approximately $33,000 of the costs associated with being a public company and accounting and audit fees as the corresponding
period reflects the additional costs of the Company s filing of a registration statement on Form S-1, offset by independent
director s bonuses of approximately $178,000 . 

These increases were offset by a decrease in costs related to
the settlement expense of approximately $515,000 recognized in the six months ended June 30, 2015, related to the severance payments
and related costs payable to Guy Marsala, former CEO of the Company. There were no similar expenses during the same period of 2016. 

Rent  

The increase in rent by approximately $202,000 during the six
months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015 is due to recording the lease liability to the end of lease term, reflecting
a continuing dispute with the landlord, for the Company s previous headquarters in West Hollywood, California. 

Other costs   

Due to the Company s development of the farm in Colorado,
fund raising activities and exploration and development of international markets travel and related expenses increased by approximately
$248,000. 

In addition, as a part of the Company s sale of our interest
in the operating entity and our interest in the underlying real estate in San Diego, the Company wrote off $70,000 of uncollectable
notes receivable from a previously associated partner of San Diego operating entity. 

As part of the transactions with Whole Hemp (Note 3), the Company
issued a warrant to purchase 4,000,000 shares of Company common stock valued at $76,000. The fair value of the warrants was included
in deferred costs and due to the termination of the Farming and Growers Distribution Agreements this amount has been fully amortized
during the six months ended June 30, 2016. 

During the six months ended June 30, 2016 the Company incurred
approximately $130,000 in new G A costs related to the daily operations of the farm. 

These increases were offset by a decrease in insurance costs
by approximately $141,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015, as the Company reduced
their coverage to reduce on expenses. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Other income (expense) includes the financing costs associated
with our financing activities, including the amortization of the debt discount and the change in fair value of the derivative liability.
As disclosed in Note 7 of the Company s financial statements, the reset provision for the subsequent sale of any dilutive
issuance at a lower sale or exercise price than the then current conversion price results for accounting purposes as a liability
being recognized for the fair value of the derivative. This derivative is re-measured each period end, with the net change in fair
value for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 of gains of approximately $18,820,000 and $3,053,000, respectively, being
recognized in Other income (expense). This gain is a result of the decrease in the fair value of the derivative liability created
by the drop in our stock price. This derivative feature results in a debt discount for the initial fair value recognized for the
derivative. The debt discount also includes the fair value of the warrants issued with the convertible debentures, as well as the
discounts offered to the face value of the notes payable. This debt discount is amortized as  other expense  over the
life of the convertible debenture, or until conversion, if earlier, which amounted in approximately $2,613,000 for the six months
ended June 30, 2016 and $6,050,000 for the same period of 2015. Additionally, when the debt discount is greater than the face amount
of the debenture, the effective interest method gives rise to the amortization being immediately amortized in full. The fundings
during both the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were immediately amortized under this guidance. The approximately $3,436,000
reduction in amortization is the result of there being less external financing in 2016, and therefore less discounts being immediately
amortized. Additionally, the current period closings of the convertible debentures resulted in the calculated fair value of the
discount being greater than the face amount of the debt by approximately $2,641,000, with this excess amount being immediately
expensed as Financing costs. Financing costs also includes the amortization of $420,000 relating to a note issued as an incentive
to amend the terms of certain convertible debentures (Note 7). As the Company determined there is not sufficient authorized shares
at quarter-end for conversion of all the convertible debentures and exercise of the warrants, under their sequencing policy (Note
7), the Company has recognized a warrant liability. The warrant liability is remeasured to its fair value at the end of every period,
which resulted in the Company recognizing a gain from the change in fair value of the warrant liability of approximately $997,000
for six months ended June 30, 2016. 

The change in fair value of the derivative liability for the
six months ended June 30, 2015 was approximately $3,053,000 . The debt discount amounted to approximately $6,050,000 for the
six months ended June 30, 2015. Additionally, the period closings to the July 2014 and September 2014 convertible debentures
in the six months ended June 30, 2015 resulted in the calculated fair value of the debt being greater than the face amounts of
the debt by approximately $2,300,000 with this excess amount being immediately expensed as Financing costs. 

Interest expense for the stated interest on our convertible
debentures and notes payable incurred during six months ended June 30, 2016 amounted to approximately $398,000. In addition to
the foregoing, the Company incurred approximately $20,000 in interest offset by $7,000 premium amortization on the promissory note
issued in relation to the purchase of the property in the State of Washington and approximately $111,000 related to notes for the
purchase of the land in Colorado. All of the above resulted in interest expense of approximately $522,000 for the six months ended
June 30, 2016. 

Interest expense for the stated interest on our July 2014 and
September 2014 convertible debentures incurred in the six months ended June 30, 2015 amounted to approximately $166,000. The
Company incurred approximately $21,000 interest on the promissory note issued in relation to the purchase of property in Washington
State. All of the above resulted in interest expense (including immaterial other amounts of interest expense) of approximately
$94,000 for the period ending June 30, 2015. 

As result of the Company s sale of its interest in the
operating entity and its interest in the underlying real estate in San Diego, the Company recorded a net gain of approximately
$631,000. In addition, on June 30, 2016, the Company entered into an assignment agreement whereby we sold and assigned all of our
rights in the operating agreement, including but not limited to the assets and liabilities we held in relation to the Portland
dispensary, resulting in a net loss of $178,000 on sale of assets. 

Net Income (Loss) 

  As a result of the factors set
forth above, our net loss decreased by approximately $23,625,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016,  resulting in net
income of approximately $7,796,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

As of June 30, 2016, the Company had cash on hand of approximately
$22,000 compared to approximately $92,000 at June 30, 2015. 

Cash Flow   

During the six months ended June 30, 2016, cash was primarily
used to fund operations of the Company, as well as operations and development of the Farm. 

Cash Flows   Operating Activities  

During the six months ended June 30, 2016, cash flows used in
operating activities were approximately $2,637,000, consisting primarily of the net income for the six months ended June 30, 2016
of approximately $7,796,000, increased for non-cash financing costs of approximately $3,061,000, amortization of the debt discount
of approximately $2,613,000, stock based compensation of approximately $645,000, and reduced for non-cash adjustments for the change
in fair value of the derivative liability of approximately $18,820,000 and change in fair value of the warrant liability of approximately
$997,000. Additional significant components of cash used in operating activities included the accrued settlement expenses
for rental expense under the lease for the previous office in West Hollywood of approximately $227,000, offset by an increase of
approximately $3,445,000 due to the timing and deferral of the payment of trade payables, and an increase in accrued interest of
approximately $394,000. 

Cash Flows   Investing Activities  

During the six months ended June 30, 2016, cash flows provided
by investing activities was approximately $218,000, consisting primarily of the $529,000 in costs related to construction in progress
for the build out of greenhouses on the Farm, offset by approximately $631,000 in proceeds from the sale of the Company s
interest in San Diego Sunset, as well as the proceeds from the sale of the assets of Varporfection, and approximately $92,000 in
proceeds for the sale of the rights and assets of the Portland dispensary. 

Cash Flows   Financing Activities  

During the six months ended June 30, 2016, cash flows provided
by financing activities were approximately $2,322,000, consisting mainly of approximately $1,816,000 of net proceeds from the issuance
of convertible notes payable, approximately $569,000 from the issuance of notes payable and $105,000 in the issuance of convertible
debentures to two of the Company s Directors. This was offset mainly by approximately $223,000 in payments on the notes payable
related to the Company s land acquisition. 

Future Liquidity and Cash Flows   

Management believes that the Company s cash balances on
hand, cash flows expected to be generated from operations, proceeds from current and future expected debt issuances and proceeds
from future share capital issuances, if any, may not be sufficient to fund the Company s net cash requirements through August
2017. As noted in the footnotes to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company is also in the process
of obtaining final approval on a settlement agreement in their Class action and Derivative lawsuits (Note 11) and recently received
a Wells Notice from the SEC (Note 11) in connection with misstatements by prior management in the Company s financial statements
for 2012, 2013 and the first three quarters of 2014, and recently received a Notice of Default from a creditor following non-payment
of the balance under a certain promissory note at maturity thereof, pursuant to which the Company will incur penalties and an increased
interest rate as well as potential legal expenses associated with the creditor s legal actions.. The Company is unable to
predict the outcome of these matters, nevertheless, a rejection of the settlement agreements or adverse action of the SEC or the
failure to agree to additional waivers or forbearance by the creditor could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and its ability to raise funds in the future. In order to execute the Company s
long-term growth strategy, which may include selected acquisitions of businesses or facilities that may bolster the the Company s
CBD oil extraction business or real estate for the cultivation of hemp , the Company will need to raise additional funds through
public or private equity offerings, debt financings, or other means. 

The Company's financial statements were prepared on a going
concern basis. The going concern basis assumes that the Company will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will
be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. During the six months ended June
30, 2016, the Company had net income of approximately $7.8 million, negative cash flow from operations of $2.6 million and negative
working capital of $19.7 million. The Company will need to raise capital in order to fund its operations. These factors, among
others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a
going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement a business plan. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

On July 24, 2015, the Company entered into an Agreement of Purchase
and Sale of Membership Interest with East West Secured Development, LLC to purchase 100% of the membership interest of EWSD I,
LLC which has entered into an agreement with Southwest Farms, Inc. to purchase certain real property comprised of 320-acres of
agricultural land in Pueblo, Colorado (the  Farm ). The Farm is expected to yield revenue and profits for the Company
in future years, through farming hemp, extracting CBD oil and controlling the full production cycle to ensure consistent quality. 

With an eye focused on the future   and ultimately anticipated
FDA approval of hemp and CBD oil production and sales in the United States   we are honing our focus to controlling our supply
chain initially through our production on the Farm in Pueblo, Colorado. From  Seed to Sale    Notis Global will
influence its own destiny by controlling our ecosystem. We intend to oversee and execute everything from growing and cultivating
the highest quality plants to managing extraction and production of our products. We believe this tight control of our supply chain
will eventually be mandated by the Federal Government as a condition of legalizing hemp and CBD Oil production, manufacturing and
distribution in the United States. We have elected to take action now   and intend to lead our industry by doing so. Our
decision to terminate the Whole Hemp Agreement comports with our long term strategy to maintain tight control of our supply chain. 

Financing Plans:  

During the first half of 2016, we received approximately $1.8 million
in net financing from our lenders. 

Subsequent to June 30, 2016, the Company has received approximately
$1,266,000, net of approximately $40,000 in withholdings, in additional closings under the June 30, 2016 financing with our largest
creditor (Note 7). 

Additionally, on September 30, 2016, the Company entered
into a securities purchase agreement with a new investor pursuant to which two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, EWSD
I and Pueblo agreed to jointly sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, an aggregate of up to $3,350,000 in subscription
amount of discounted promissory notes (that could raise approximately $2,000,000 in cash, of which the Company has already
received approximately $650,000) (Note 12). 

We are actively seeking additional financing over the next few
months to fund operations. 

On May 24, 2016, the Company received a notice from
the OTC that the company s bid price is below $.01 and does not meet the Standards for Continued Eligibility for OTCQB
as per the  OTCQB Standards . If the bid price has not closed at or above $.01 for ten consecutive trading days by
November 20, 2016, the company will be moved to the OTC Pink marketplace. Additionally, on September 9 th , the
Company received notice from the OTC that OTC Markets would move the Company s listing from the OTCQB market to OTC
Pink Sheets market, if the Company had not filed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 by
September 30, 2016. On or about October 1, 2016, the Company moved to the OTC Pink Sheets market. These actions might impact
the Company's ability to obtain funding. 

Special Meeting of the Stockholders to Increase Authorized
Common Stock  

On April 15, 2016, at a special meeting of the shareholders
of the Company, the shareholders of the Company holding a majority of the total shares of outstanding common stock of the Company
voted to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of the
Company from 400,000,000 to 10,000,000,000 (the  Certificate of Amendment ). The Certificate of Amendment was filed
with the Nevada Secretary of State and was declared effective on April 18, 2016. 

Additionally, management is actively seeking additional financing
and expects to complete additional financing arrangements in the next few months. The Company expects that these plans will provide
it the necessary liquidity to continue operations for the next 12 months. 

The Company will continue to execute on its business model by
attempting to raise additional capital through the sales of debt or equity securities or other means. However, there is no guarantee
that such financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate
debt or equity financing, it may be forced to slow or reduce the scope of operations and expansion, and its business would be materially
affected. 

It is uncertain whether the Company can obtain financing to
fund operating deficits until profitability is achieved or until revenues increase. This need may be adversely impacted by: unavailability
of financing, uncertain market conditions, the success of the crop growing season, the demand for CBD oil, the ability of the Company
to obtain financing for the equipment and labor needed to cultivate hemp and extract the CBD oil, and adverse operating results.
The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time. 

Off Balance Sheet Transactions  

We do not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related
to our customers. 

Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

Not Applicable 

ITEM 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Based on our management s evaluation
as of June 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Report, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

This conclusion was reached based on the
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below under the heading  Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  We have undertaken remediation initiatives as discussed below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In connection with the preparation of
our annual consolidated financial statements, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2016. Management based this assessment on the criteria established in  Internal Control over Financial
Reporting     Guidance for Smaller Public Companies  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (which is sometimes referred to as the 1992 COSO Framework). Management believes that it is in the process of taking
steps to remediate the material weakness which lead to the restatements of the Company s financials for the first three quarters
of 2014, however, management, with the help of our CEO, concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting as of June
30, 2016 remain ineffective, because of the departure of the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Douglas C. Mitchell, on May
31, 2016, and because remediation efforts will continue during 2016. 

Changes in Internal Controls; Plan of Remediation  

Based on our management s evaluation
as of December 31, 2014, they determined that there was a deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting that
constituted a material weakness at December 31, 2014. The Company took steps to remediate these issues during the year ending
December 31, 2015. Management believes there have been improvements during the year ending December 31, 2015, but sufficient
time has not lapsed to ensure the remediation and controls set in place are effective as of June 30, 2016. Furthermore, Douglas
C. Mitchell, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, resigned on May 31, 2016.     

Other than as set forth above, there was
no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as noted above. 

The design of any system of controls and
procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.      Legal Proceedings.  

On May 22, 2013, Medbox
(now known as Notis Global, Inc.) initiated litigation in the United States District Court in the District of Arizona against three
shareholders of MedVend Holdings LLC ( Medvend ) in connection with a contemplated transaction that Medbox entered
into for the purchase of an approximate 50% ownership stake in Medvend for $4.1 million. The lawsuit alleges fraud and related
claims arising out of the contemplated transaction during the quarter ended June 30, 2013. The litigation is pending and Medbox
has sought cancellation due to a fraudulent sale of the stock because the selling shareholders lacked the power or authority to
sell their ownership stake in MedVend, and their actions were a breach of representations made by them in the agreement. On November
19, 2013 the litigation was transferred to United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. MedVend recently
joined the suit pursuant to a consolidation order executed by a new judge assigned to the matter. In the litigation, the selling
shareholder defendants and Medvend seek to have the transaction performed, or alternatively be awarded damages for the alleged
breach of the agreement by Medbox. Medvend and the shareholder defendants seek $4.55 million in damages, plus costs and attorneys 
fees. Medbox has denied liability with respect to all such claims. On June 5, 2014, the Company entered into a purchase and sale
agreement (the  Medvend PSA ) with PVM International, Inc. ( PVMI ) concerning this matter. Pursuant to
the Medvend PSA, the Company sold to PVMI the Company s rights and claims attributable to or controlled by the Company against
those three certain stockholders of Medvend, known as Kaplan, Tartaglia and Kovan (the  Medvend Rights and Claims ),
in exchange for the return by PVMI to the Company of 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock. PVMI is owned by Vincent
Mehdizadeh, formerly the Company s largest stockholder. On December 17, 2015, the Company entered into a revocation of the
Medvend PSA, which provided that from that date forward, Medbox would take over the litigation and be responsible for the costs
and attorneys  fees associated with the Medvend Litigation from December 17, 2015 forward. All costs and attorneys 
fees through December 16, 2015 will be borne by PVMI. After the filing of a motion for substitution of Medbox n/k/a Notis Global,
Inc. for PVMI, Defendants  agreed, via a stipulated order, to permit the substitution. The Court entered the order substituting
Notis Global, Inc. for PVMI on February 17, 2016. A new litigation schedule was recently issued which resulted in an adjournment
of the trial. A new trial date will be set by the court following its ruling on a motion for summary judgment filed by Defendants
and Medvend, which is set for hearing on November 16, 2016. At this time, the Company cannot determine whether the likelihood of
an unfavorable outcome of the dispute is probable or remote, nor can they reasonably estimate a range of potential loss, should
the outcome be unfavorable. 

On February 20, 2015, Michael A. Glinter, derivatively and on
behalf of nominal defendants Medbox, Inc. the Board and certain executive officers (Pejman Medizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce
Bedrick, Thomas Iwanskai, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned Siegel, Jennifer Love, and C. Douglas Mitchell) filed a suit in the
Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles. The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties and abuse
of control by the defendants. Relief is sought awarding damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty and to direct the Company
and the defendants to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply
with applicable law. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more
detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlement s. 

On January 21, 2015, Josh Crystal on behalf of himself and of
all others similarly situated filed a class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for Central District of California against
Medbox, Inc., and certain past and present members of the Board (Pejman Medizadeh, Bruce Bedrick, Thomas Iwanskai, Guy Marsala,
and C. Douglas Mitchell). The suit alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading statements regarding its financial
results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and each of the interim financial periods that year. The plaintiff seeks relief
of compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses or all damages sustained as a result of the wrongdoing. On April 23,
2015, the Court issued an Order consolidating the three related cases in this matter: Crystal v. Medbox, Inc., Gutierrez v. Medbox,
Inc., and Donnino v. Medbox, Inc., and appointing a lead plaintiff. On July 27, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint.
The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below
under  Class Settlement . 

On January 18, 2015, Ervin Gutierrez filed a class action lawsuit
in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The suit alleges violations of federal securities laws through
public announcements and filings that were materially false and misleading when made because they misrepresented and failed to
disclose that the Company was recognizing revenue in a manner that violated US GAAP. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory
damages and reasonable costs and expenses or all damages sustained as a result of the wrongdoing. On April 23, 2015, the Court
issued an Order consolidating the three related cases in this matter: Crystal v. Medbox, Inc., Gutierrez v. Medbox, Inc., and Donnino
v. Medbox, Inc., and appointing a lead plaintiff. On July 27, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint. The
Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below
under  Class Settlement . 

On January 29, 2015, Matthew Donnino filed a class action lawsuit
in the U.S. District Court for Central District of California. The suit alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading
statements regarding its financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and each of the interim financial periods
that year. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses or all damages sustained as a
result of the wrongdoing. On April 23, 2015, the Court issued an Order consolidating the three related cases in this matter: Crystal
v. Medbox, Inc., Gutierrez v. Medbox, Inc., and Donnino v. Medbox, Inc., and appointing a lead plaintiff. On July 27, 2015 Plaintiffs
filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See
more detailed discussion below under  Class Settlement . 

On February 12, 2015, Jennifer Scheffer, derivatively on behalf
of Medbox, Guy Marsala, Ned Siegel, Mitchell Lowe and C. Douglas Mitchell filed a lawsuit in the Eighth Judicial District Court
of Nevada seeking damages for breaches of fiduciary duty regarding the issuance and dissemination of false and misleading statements
and regarding allegedly improper and unfair related party transactions, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets. On April
17, 2015, Ned Siegel and Mitchell Lowe filed a Motion to Dismiss. On April 20, 2015, the Company filed a Joinder in the Motion
to Dismiss. On July 27, 2015, the Court held a hearing on and granted the Motion to Dismiss without prejudice. The Company has
entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative
Settlements . 

On March 10, 2015, Robert J. Calabrese, derivatively and on
behalf of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against certain
Company officers and/or directors (Ned L. Siegel, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Bruce Bedrick, and
Jennifer S. Love). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties and gross mismanagement by issuing materially false and misleading
statements regarding the Company s financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and each of the interim
financial periods. Specifically the suit alleges that defendants caused the Company to overstate the Company s revenues by
recognizing revenue on customer contracts before it had been earned. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable
costs and expenses for all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. The Company has entered into a Stipulation
and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlements . 

On March 27, 2015, Tyler Gray, derivatively and on behalf of
nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against the Company s
Board of Directors and certain executive officers (Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, Thomas Iwanski,
Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned Siegel, Jennifer S. Love, and C. Douglas Mitchell). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties
and abuse of control. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses for all damages sustained
as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments that plaintiff may maintain the action
on behalf of the Company, that the plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company, and that the defendants have breached
and/or aided and abetted the breach of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the plaintiff seeks that the Company be directed
to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply with applicable
law. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion
below under  Derivative Settlements . 

On May 20, 2015, Patricia des Groseilliers, derivatively and
on behalf of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against
the Company s Board of Directors and certain executive officers (Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Ned Siegel, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell
Lowe, Bruce Bedrick, Jennifer S. Love, Matthew Feinstein, C. Douglas Mitchell, and Thomas Iwanski). The suit alleges breach of
fiduciary duties and unjust enrichment. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses for
all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments that plaintiff
may maintain the action on behalf of the Company, that the plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company, and that the
defendants have breached and/or aided and abetted the breach of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the plaintiff seeks
that the Company be directed to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures
to comply with applicable law. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See
more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlements . 

On June 3, 2015, Mike Jones, derivatively and on behalf of nominal
defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the U.S. District Court for Central District of California against the Company s
Board of Directors and certain executive officers (Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned Siegel, Jennifer S. Love, C. Douglas Mitchell,
Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, and Thomas Iwanski). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties,
abuse of control, and breach of duty of honest services. The plaintiff seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs
and expenses for all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing. Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments
that plaintiff may maintain the action on behalf of the Company, that the plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company,
and that the defendants have breached and/or aided and abetted the breach of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the
plaintiff seeks that the Company be directed to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal
procedures to comply with applicable law. On July 20, 2015, the Court issued an Order consolidating this litigation with those
previously consolidated in the Central District (Crystal, Gutierrez, and Donnino). On October 7, 2015, the Court issued an
Order modifying the July 20, 2015 Order consolidating the litigation so that the matters remain consolidated for the purposes of
pretrial only. The Company has entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed
discussion below under  Derivative Settlement s. 

On July 20, 2015, Kimberly Freeman, derivatively and on behalf
of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada against the Company s Board
of Directors and certain executive officers (Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Guy Marsala, Ned Siegel, J. Mitchell Lowe, Jennifer S.
Love, C. Douglas Mitchell, and Bruce Bedrick). The suit alleges breach of fiduciary duties and unjust enrichment. The plaintiff
seeks relief for compensatory damages and reasonable costs and expenses for all damages sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing.
Additionally the plaintiff seeks declaratory judgments that plaintiff may maintain the action on behalf of the Company, that the
plaintiff is an adequate representative of the Company, and that the defendants have breached and/or aided and abetted the breach
of their fiduciary duties to the Company. Lastly the plaintiff seeks that the Company be directed to take all necessary actions
to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures to comply with applicable law. The Company has entered into
a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement on October 16, 2015. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlement s. 

On October 16, 2015, solely to avoid the costs, risks, and uncertainties
inherent in litigation, the parties to the class actions and derivative lawsuits named above entered into settlements that collectively
effect a global settlement of all claims asserted in the class actions and the derivative actions. The global settlement provides,
among other things, for the release and dismissal of all asserted claims. The global settlement is contingent on final court approval,
respectively, of the settlements of the class actions and derivative actions. If the global settlement does not receive final court
approval, it could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company
and their ability to raise funds in the future. 

On October 27, 2015, separate from the above lawsuits and settlement,
Richard Merritts, derivatively and on behalf of nominal defendant Medbox, Inc., filed a suit in the Superior Court of the State
of California for the County of Los Angeles against the Board and certain executive officers (Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned
Siegel, Jennifer S. Love, C. Douglas Mitchell, Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, Jeff Goh, and Thomas
Iwanski). The suit titled  Merritts v. Marsala, et al. , Case No. BC599159 (the  Merritts Action ), alleges breach
of fiduciary duties by the defendants. Relief is sought awarding damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty and to direct
the Company and the defendants to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures
to comply with applicable law. On February 16, 2016, the court issued an order staying the litigation pending final court
approval of the settlement of the other pending derivative actions involving Medbox, Inc., as nominal defendant, and former and
current officers and directors. The settlement of the other derivative actions has been preliminarily approved by the court
in  Jones v. Marsala, et al ., Case No. 15-cv-4170 BRO (JEMx), in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.
On March 25, 2016, Merritts filed a Motion to Intervene in the case filed by Mike Jones in the U.S. District Court for the Central
District of California. By his Motion, Merritts seeks limited intervention in the Jones shareholder derivative action in order
to seek confirmatory information and discovery regarding the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement preliminarily approved by
the Court on February 3, 2016. On April 4, 2016, Plaintiff Jones and the Company separately filed oppositions to the
Motion to Intervene. On April 22, 2016, the Court issued an Order granting, without a hearing, shareholder Richard Merritts 
Motion to Intervene in the lawsuit titled  Mike Jones v. Guy Marsala, et al.  , in order to conduct limited discovery. On
September 16, 2016, solely to avoid the costs, risks, and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the parties entered into a settlement
regarding Merritts  claims. See more detailed discussion below under  Derivative Settlements . 

Class Settlement  

On December 1, 2015, Medbox and the class plaintiffs in Josh
Crystal v. Medbox, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:15-CV-00426-BRO (JEMx), pending before the United States District Court for the Central
District of California (the  Court ) notified the Court of the settlement. The Court stayed the action pending the
Court s review of the settlement and directed the parties to file a stipulation of settlement. On December 18, 2015, plaintiffs
filed the Motion for Preliminary Approval of Class Action Settlement that included the stipulation of settlement. On February 3,
2016, the Court issued an Order granting preliminary approval of the settlement. The settlement provides for notice to be given
to the class, a period for opt outs and a final approval hearing. The Court originally scheduled the Final Settlement Approval
Hearing to be held on May 16, 2016 but continued it to August 15, 2016 to be heard at the same time
as the Final Settlement Approval Hearing for the derivative actions, discussed below. The principal terms of the settlement are: 

the net proceeds of the settlement escrow, after deduction of Court-approved administrative costs and any Court-approved attorneys  fees and costs would be distributed to the Class; and  

releases of claims and dismissal of the action.  

By entering into the settlement, the settling parties have resolved
the class claims to their mutual satisfaction. However, the final determination is subject to approval by the Federal Courts. Defendants
have not admitted the validity of any claims or allegations and the settling plaintiffs have not admitted that any claims or allegations
lack merit or foundation. If the global settlement does not receive final court approval, it could have a material adverse effect
on the financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability to raise funds in the future. 

Derivative Settlements  

As previously announced on October 22, 2015, on October 16,
2015, the Company, in its capacity as a nominal defendant, entered into a memorandum of understanding of settlement (the  Settlement )
in the following shareholder derivative actions: (1) Mike Jones v. Guy Marsala, et al., in the U.S. District Court for Central
District of California; (2) Jennifer Scheffer v. P. Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada;
(3) Kimberly Y. Freeman v. Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada; (4) Tyler Gray v.
Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada; (5) Robert J. Calabrese v. Ned L. Siegel,
et al., in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada; (6) Patricia des Groseilliers v. Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al.,
in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada; (7) Michael A. Glinter v. Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, et al., in the Superior
Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (the  Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits ). In addition
to the Company, Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh, Matthew Feinstein, Bruce Bedrick, Thomas Iwanski, Guy Marsala, J. Mitchell Lowe, Ned
Siegel, and C. Douglas Mitchell were named as defendants in all of the lawsuits, and Jennifer S. Love was named in all of the lawsuits
but the Scheffer action (the  Individual Defendants ). 

On December 3, 2015, the parties in the Jones v. Marsala action
advised the Court of the settlements in the Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits and that the parties would be submitting the settlement
to the Court in the Jones action for approval. The Court thereafter issued an order vacating all pending dates in the action and
ordered Plaintiff to file the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement for the Court s approval. On December 18, 2015, plaintiffs
filed the Motion for Preliminary Approval of Derivative Settlement that included the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement. On
February 3, 2016, the Court issued an Order granting preliminary approval of the settlement.    

The Court originally scheduled a final Settlement Hearing to
be held on May 16, 2016 but subsequently continued that hearing to October 17, 2016. By the terms of
the settlement, a final Court approval would provide for a release of the claims in the Shareholder Derivative Actions and a bar
against continued prosecution of all claims covered by the release. By entering into the Settlement, the settling parties have
resolved the derivative claims to their mutual satisfaction. The Individual Defendants have not admitted the validity of any claims
or allegations and the settling plaintiffs have not admitted that any claims or allegations lack merit or foundation. 

The final Settlement Hearing was held on October 17, 2016,
and the Court has taken the settlement under review. 

Under the terms of the Settlement, the Company agrees to adopt
and adhere to certain corporate governance processes in the future. In addition to these corporate governance measures, the Company s
insurers, on behalf of the Individual Defendants, will make a payment of $300,000 into the settlement escrow account and Messrs.
Mehdizadeh and Bedrick will deliver 2,000,000 and 300,000 shares, respectively, of their Medbox, Inc. common stock into the settlement
escrow account. Subject to Court approval, the funds and common stock in the settlement escrow account will be paid as attorneys 
fees and expenses, or as service awards to plaintiffs. 

On September 16, 2016, solely to avoid the costs, risks,
and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the parties entered into a settlement regarding the Merritts Action. The settlement
provides, among other things, for the release and dismissal of all asserted claims. Under the terms of the settlement, the
Company agrees to adopt and to adhere to certain corporate governance processes in the future. In addition to these corporate
governance measures, the Company will make a payment of $135,000 in cash to be used to pay Merritts  counsel for any
attorneys  fees and expenses, or as service awards to plaintiff Merritts, that are approved and awarded by the Court.
The settlement is contingent on final court approval. The final Settlement Hearing was held October 17, 2016 at the same
date and time as the final Settlement Hearing for the Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits. The Court has taken the settlement
under review. 

The Settlements remain subject to approval by the Court. The
Court must determine whether (1) the terms and conditions of the Settlements are fair, reasonable, and adequate in the best interest
of the Company and its stockholders, (2) if the judgment, as provided for in the Settlements, should be entered, and (3) if the
request of plaintiff s counsel for an award of attorneys  fees and reimbursement of expenses should be granted. 

The Company s responsibilities as to the proposed settlements
of the Class Action and the Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits have been accrued and included in Accrued settlement and severance
expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. If the settlements of the Class Action, the Shareholder
Derivative Lawsuits, or the Merritts Action do not receive final court approval, it could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability to raise funds in the future. 

SEC Investigation   

In October 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed
a special board committee (the  Special Committee ) to investigate issues arising from a federal grand jury subpoena
pertaining to the Company s financial reporting which was served upon the Company s predecessor independent registered
public accounting firm as well as certain alleged wrongdoing raised by a former employee of the Company. The Company was subsequently
served with two SEC subpoenas in early November 2014. The Company is fully cooperating with the grand jury and SEC investigations.
In connection with its investigation of these matters, the Special Committee in conjunction with the Audit Committee initiated
an internal review by management and by an outside professional advisor of certain prior period financial reporting of the Company.
The outside professional advisor reviewed the Company s revenue recognition methodology for certain contracts for the third
and fourth quarters of 2013. As a result of certain errors discovered in connection with the review by management and its professional
advisor, the Audit Committee, upon management s recommendation, concluded on December 24, 2014 that the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2013 and for the third and fourth quarters therein, as well as for the quarters ended
March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, should no longer be relied upon and would be restated to correct the
errors. On March 6, 2015 the audit committee determined that the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2012, together with all three, six and nine month financial information contained therein, and the quarterly information for
the first two quarters of the 2013 fiscal year should also be restated. On March 11, 2015, the Company filed its restated Form
10 Registration Statement with the SEC with restated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31,
2013, and on March 16, 2015, the Company filed amended and restated quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, with restated financial information
for the periods ended March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2014, respectively. 

In March 2016, the staff of the Los Angeles Regional Office
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission advised counsel for the Company in a telephone conversation, followed by a written
 Wells  notice, that it is has made a preliminary determination to recommend that the Commission file an enforcement
action against the Company in connection with misstatements by prior management in the Company s financial statements for
2012, 2013 and the first three quarters of 2014. A Wells Notice is neither a formal allegation of wrongdoing nor a finding that
any violations of law have occurred. Rather, it provides the Company with an opportunity to respond to issues raised by the Staff
and offer its perspective prior to any SEC decision to institute proceedings. These proceedings could result in the Company being
subject to an injunction and cease and desist order from further violations of the securities laws as well as monetary penalties
of disgorgement, pre-judgment interest and a civil penalty. The Company has responded in writing to the  Wells  notice.
Under current management, the Company restated the relevant financial statements and took other remedial action, and has been cooperating
with the SEC s investigation since November 2014, including the appointment of a Special Committee of the Board to investigate
the conduct of prior management and disclose this conduct to the SEC. The Company has also produced documents to the SEC and has
made witnesses available, both voluntarily and for sworn testimony pursuant to subpoena. The Company is unable to predict the outcome
of the investigation, any potential enforcement actions or any other impact on the Company that may arise as a result of such investigation.
The Company has not established a liability for this matter, because it believes that the probability of loss related to this matter
and an estimate of the amount of loss, if any, are not determinable at this time. An adverse judgment or action of the SEC could
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company and their ability
to raise funds in the future. 

Other litigation  

Whole Hemp complaint  

A complaint was filed by Whole Hemp Company, LLC d/b/a Folium
Biosciences ( Whole Hemp ) on June 1, 2016, naming Notis Global, Inc. and EWSD I, LLC (collectively,  Notis ),
as defendants in Pueblo County, CO district court.  The complaint alleges five causes of action against Notis:  misappropriation
of trade secrets, civil theft, intentional interference with prospective business advantage, civil conspiracy, and breach of contract. 
All claims concern contracts between Whole Hemp and Notis for the Farming Agreement and the Distributor Agreement.  

The court entered an  ex parte  temporary restraining order
on June 2, 2016, and a modified temporary restraining order on July 14, 2016, enjoining Notis from disclosing, using, copying,
conveying, transferring, or transmitting Whole Hemp s trade secrets, including Whole Hemp s plants.  On June 13,
2016, the court ordered that all claims be submitted to arbitration, except for the disposition of the temporary restraining order.  

On August 12, 2016, the court ordered that all of Whole Hemp s
plants in Notis  possession be destroyed, which occurred by August 24, 2016,, at which time the temporary restraining order
was dissolved and the parties will soon file a motion to dismiss the district court action.     

Notis commenced arbitration in Denver, CO on August 2, 2016,
seeking injunctive relief and alleging breaches of the contracts between the parties.  Whole Hemp filed is Answer and counterclaims
on September 6, 2016, asserting similar allegations that were asserted to the court.  

On September 30, 2016, the arbitrator held an initial status
conference and agreed to allow EWSD and Notis to file a motion to dismiss some or all of Whole Hemp s claims by no later
than October 28, 2016. The parties were also ordered to make initial disclosures of relevant documents and persons with knowledge
of relevant information by October 21, 2016. 

West Hollywood Lease   

The lease for the former office at 8439 West Sunset Blvd. in
West Hollywood, CA has been partially subleased. The Company plans to sublease the remainder of the office in West Hollywood, CA
and continues to incur rent expense while the space is being marketed. The landlord for the prior lease filed a suit in Los Angeles
Superior Court in April 2015 against the Company for damages they allege have been incurred from unpaid rent and otherwise. In
January 2016, the landlord filed a first amended complaint adding the independent guarantors under the lease as co-defendants and
specifying damages claim of approximately $300,000. On September 8, 2016, the court approved Mani Brothers  application for
writ of attachment in the State of California in the amount of $374,402 against Prescription Vending Machines, Inc. ( PVM ).
A trial date has been set in May 2017. The Company is presently unable to determine whether the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome
of the dispute is probable or remote, nor can it reasonably estimate a range of potential loss, should the outcome be unfavorable. 

Los Angeles Lease   

The Company s former landlord, Bank Leumi, filed an action
against the Company in Los Angeles Superior Court for breach of lease on August 31, 2016, seeking $29,977 plus fees and interest,
in addition to rent payment for September 2016. The Company filed a response to the complaint on September 21, 2016, and a case
management conference is scheduled for December 9, 2016. The Company is presently trying settle the dispute with the landlord. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.  

One of the Company s significant creditors has issued
a Notice of Default to the Company, triggering penalties and the potential acceleration of amounts due under the defaulted Note.

On September 22, 2016, the Company received notice of an Event
of Default and Acceleration (the  Notice Letter ) in connection with that certain Promissory Note (the  Note )
dated March 14, 2016 issued by the Company, in favor of Chicago Venture Partners, L.P., in the original principal amount of $140,000.
The Note was issued pursuant to that certain Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and Chicago Ventures Partners of the same
date. 

Pursuant to the Notice Letter, (1) beginning on September 14,
2016, the maturity date of the Note, the Note began to accrue interest at a default rate of 22% per annum (the  Default Rate
Adjustment ), (2) Chicago Venture Partners declared all unpaid principal, accrued interest and other amounts due and payable
at 125% of the outstanding balance of the Note (the  Mandatory Default Amount ), and (3) Chicago Venture Partners declared
the outstanding balance of the Note immediately due and payable (the  Acceleration Payment ). 

On September 23, 2016, Chicago Venture Partners agreed to forebear
the Acceleration Payment for a period of 30 days, and the Company and Chicago Venture Partners are in the process of negotiating
a forbearance agreement reflecting the 30-day forbearance. Regardless of such forbearance, the Default Rate Adjustment and the
application of the Mandatory Default Amount formula shall remain in effect. As a result of the application of the Mandatory Default
Amount formula, the outstanding balance of the Note increased to $184,022.27 from $147,217.81. 

As a result of the effect of the Notice Letter, other of the
Company s lenders could issue similar notices of events of default or acceleration or penalties due to the Company s
Event of Default set forth in the Notice Letter. Furthermore, the Company may incur additional penalties and fees after the conclusion
of the period of forbearance if the Company cannot agree to additional waivers or forbearance by Chicago Venture Partners or Chicago
Venture Partners takes legal action to enforce its rights under the Note and the Note Purchase Agreement. These penalties and fees,
the acceleration of the note, and the incurrence of costs associated with defending itself in a legal action, could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows of the Company, and the
Company s ability to conduct its business, execute its operational strategies and continue as a going concern. 

The Company was delayed in filing this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and such delays may have triggered other events of default under the Company s credit agreements and existing debt
instruments  

The Company s creditors may issue other notices of default
and the Company may incur other penalties due to breach of covenants in the Company s debt instruments with each of its lenders
that the Company will maintain current public information filed with the SEC and comply with deadlines required to filed such information
under the Securities Act of 1934. As a result of the Company s delayed filing of this Quarterly Report, on September 9, 2016,
the Company received notice from the OTC Markets that OTC Markets would move the Company s listing from the OTCQB market
to OTC Pink Sheets market, if the Company had not filed this Quarterly Report by September 30, 2016. The Company did not meet this
deadline, and moving to the OTC Pink Sheets market could have an adverse effect on shareholders  ability to trade the common
stock of the Company in the marketplace, lower the volume of trading of the Company s common stock during the time that the
stock is quoted in the OTC Pink Sheets market, have an adverse effect on the price of the Company s common stock, and result
in fewer brokers covering information made public by the Company or executing trades on the stock for their clients. Each of the
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and/or cash
flows, and the Company s ability to conduct its business, execute its operational strategies and continue as a going concern. 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report,
you should carefully consider the factors discussed under  Risk Factors  as filed in the Company s Form 10-K
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 13, 2016, as amended on Form 10-K/A on April 29, 2016. 

Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.      Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6.      Exhibits.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Notis Global, Inc.  

Date: October 21, 2016 
     By: 
       
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Jeffrey Goh  

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial 
 Officer)  

<EX-10.01>
 2
 s104312_ex10-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.01

Exhibit 10.01  

Securities Purchase Agreement 

This
Securities Purchase Agreement  (this   Agreement  ), dated as of May 20, 2016, is entered into by and between
 Notis Global, Inc. , a Nevada corporation (  Company  ), and  Chicago
Venture Partners, L.P. , a Utah limited partnership, its successors and/or assigns (  Investor  ). 

A.           Company
and Investor are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by
the rules and regulations promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ) under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   1933 Act  ). 

B.           Investor
desires to purchase and Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a Convertible
Promissory Note, in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A , in the original principal amount of $1,242,500.00 (the   Note  ),
convertible into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Company (the   Common Stock  ), upon the
terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note. 

C.           This
Agreement, the Note, the Pledge Agreement (as defined below), the Secured Investor Notes (as defined below), and all other certificates,
documents, agreements, resolutions and instruments delivered to any party under or in connection with this Agreement, as the same
may be amended from time to time, are collectively referred to herein as the   Transaction Documents  . 

D.           For
purposes of this Agreement:   Conversion Shares   means all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
all or any portion of the Note; and   Securities   means the Note and the Conversion Shares. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the above recitals and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, Company and Investor hereby   agree as follows: 

1.            Purchase
and Sale of Securities . 

1.1.           Purchase
of Securities . Company shall issue and sell to Investor and Investor agrees to purchase from Company the Note. In consideration
thereof, Investor shall pay (i) the amount designated as the initial cash purchase price on Investor s signature page to
this Agreement (the   Initial   Cash   Purchase Price  ), and (ii) issue to Company the Secured Investor
Notes (the sum of the initial principal amounts of the Secured Investor Notes, together with the Initial Cash Purchase Price, the
  Purchase Price  ). Subject to Section 1.5, the Secured Investor Notes shall be secured by the Membership Interest
Pledge Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B , as the same may be amended from time to time (the
  Pledge Agreement  ). The Purchase Price, the OID (as defined below), and the Transaction Expense Amount (as
defined below) are allocated to the Tranches (as defined in the Note) of the Note as set forth in the table attached hereto as
 Exhibit C . 

1.2.           Form
of Payment . On the Closing Date, (i) Investor shall pay the Purchase Price to Company by delivering the following at the Closing:
(A) the Initial Cash Purchase Price, which shall be delivered by wire transfer of immediately available funds to Company, in accordance
with Company s written wiring instructions; (B) Secured Investor Note #1 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly executed
and substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D  (  Secured Investor Note #1  ); (C) Secured
Investor Note #2 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly executed and substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit
D  (  Secured Investor Note #2 ); (D) Secured Investor Note #3 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly executed
and substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D  (  Secured Investor Note #3  ); (E) Secured
Investor Note #4 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly executed and substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit
D  (  Secured Investor Note #4  ); (F) Secured Investor Note #5 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly
executed and substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D  (  Secured Investor Note #5  ); (G)
Secured Investor Note #6 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly executed and substantially in the form attached hereto as
 Exhibit D  (  Secured Investor Note #6  ); (H) Secured Investor Note #7 in the principal amount of $125,000.00,
duly executed and substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D  (  Secured Investor Note #7  );
(I) Secured Investor Note #8 in the principal amount of $125,000.00, duly executed and substantially in the form attached hereto
as  Exhibit D  (  Secured Investor Note #8  , and together with Secured Investor Note #1, Secured Investor
Note #2, Secured Investor Note #3, Secured Investor Note #4, Secured Investor Note #5, Secured Investor Note #6, and Secured Investor
Note #7, the   Secured Investor Notes  ); and (ii) Company shall deliver the duly executed Note on behalf of Company,
to Investor, against delivery of such Purchase Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Transaction Documents,
during a period of sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, either the Company or any other third party shall have the right
to pay to the Investor 130% of the Initial Cash Purchase Price (the  Redemption Payment ), and upon delivery of the
Redemption Payment to the Investor, the Note shall be fully redeemed, each and every Secured Investor Note shall be deemed to be
cancelled, and the Pledge Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be deemed to be terminated without any further action
on the part of any party to this Agreement. 

1.3.           Closing
Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions set forth in Section 5 and Section 6 below, the date
of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the   Closing Date  ) shall be May 20,
2016, or such other mutually agreed upon date. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the   Closing  )
shall occur on the Closing Date by means of the exchange by email of .pdf documents, but shall be deemed to have occurred at the
offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah. 

1.4.           Collateral
for the Note . The Note shall not be secured. 

1.5.           Collateral
for Secured Investor Notes . At the Closing, Investor shall execute the Pledge Agreement, thereby granting to Company a security
interest in the collateral described therein (the   Collateral  ). Investor also agrees to file a UCC Financing
Statement (Form UCC1) with the Utah Department of Commerce in the manner set forth in the Pledge Agreement in order to perfect
Company s security interest in the Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction
Document, Investor may, in Investor s sole discretion, add additional collateral to the Collateral covered by the Pledge
Agreement, and may substitute Collateral as Investor deems fit, provided that the net fair market value of the substituted Collateral
may not be less than the aggregate principal balance of the Secured Investor Notes as of the date of any such substitution. In
the event of a substitution of Collateral, Investor shall timely execute any and all amendments and documents necessary or advisable
in order to properly release the original collateral and grant a security interest upon the substitute collateral in favor of Company,
including without limitation the filing of an applicable UCC Financing Statement Amendment (Form UCC3) with the Utah Department
of Commerce. Company agrees to sign the documents and take such other measures requested by Investor in order to accomplish the
intent of the Transaction Documents, including without limitation, execution of a Form UCC3 (or equivalent) termination statement
against the Collateral within five (5) Trading Days (as defined in the Note) after written request from Investor. Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Collateral may be encumbered by other monetary liens in priority and/or subordinate positions. The intent of
the parties is that the net fair market value of the Collateral (less any other prior liens or encumbrances) will be equal to or
greater than the aggregate outstanding balance of the Secured Investor Notes. To the extent the fair market value of the Collateral
(less any other liens or encumbrances) is less than the total outstanding balance of all the Secured Investor Notes, then the Collateral
will be deemed to only secure those Secured Investor Notes with an aggregate outstanding balance that is less than or equal to
such net fair market value of the Collateral, applied in numerical order of the Secured Investor Notes. By way of example only,
if the fair market value of the Collateral is determined by appraisal to be $350,000.00 and the Collateral is encumbered by $100,000.00
of prior liens, then the net fair market value for purposes of this section is $250,000.00 ($350,000.00 - $100,000.00). Accordingly,
the Collateral will be deemed to secure only Secured Investor Note #1 and Secured Investor Note #2, while the remaining Secured
Investor Notes shall be deemed unsecured. If the Collateral is subsequently appraised for $2,000,000.00 with all prior liens removed,
then the Collateral will automatically be deemed to secure all of the Secured Investor Notes. 

1.6.           Original
Issue Discount; Transaction Expense Amount . The Note carries an original issue discount of $112,500.00 (the   OID  ).
In addition, Company agrees to pay $5,000.00 to Investor to cover Investor s legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence,
monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Securities (the   Transaction
Expense Amount  ), all of which amount is included in the initial principal balance of the Note. The Purchase Price, therefore,
shall be $1,125,000.00, computed as follows: $1,242,500.00 initial principal balance, less the OID, less the Transaction Expense
Amount. The Initial Cash Purchase Price shall be the Purchase Price less the sum of the initial principal amounts of the Secured
Investor Notes. The portions of the OID and the Transaction Expense Amount allocated to the Initial Cash Purchase Price are set
forth on  Exhibit C . 

2.            Investor s
Representations and Warranties . Investor represents and warrants to Company that: 

2.1.         
 Organization and Authorization . Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Utah and has all requisite power and authority to purchase and hold the Note. The decision to invest and the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and the Secured Investor Notes by such Investor, the performance by such
Investor of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by such Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly authorized and require no other proceedings on the part of Investor. The undersigned has the right,
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and the Secured Investor Notes and all other instruments
on behalf of Investor. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Investor and, assuming the execution and delivery
hereof and acceptance thereof by Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Investor, enforceable against
Investor in accordance with its terms. 

2.2.           Evaluation
of Risks . Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in Company and of protecting its interests in
connection with this transaction. It recognizes that its investment in Company involves a high degree of risk. 

2.3.           Investment
Purpose . The Note is being purchased by Investor for its own account, and for investment purposes. Investor agrees not to assign
or in any way transfer Investor s rights to the Note or any interest therein except in accordance with applicable Federal
and state securities laws and acknowledges that Company will not recognize any purported assignment or transfer of Note except
in accordance with applicable Federal and state securities laws. No other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in
the Note as of the Closing Date. Investor agrees not to sell, hypothecate or otherwise transfer the Note unless the Note is registered
under Federal and applicable state securities laws or unless, in the opinion of counsel, an exemption from such laws is available. 

2.4.           Accredited
Investor . Investor is an  Accredited Investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D of the
Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ). 

2.5.           Information .
Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances
and operations of Company and information it deemed material to making an informed investment decision. Investor and its advisors,
if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of Company and its management. Investor understands that its investment
involves a high degree of risk. Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make
an informed investment decision with respect to this transaction. 

2.6.           Not
an Affiliate . Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with Company or any  Affiliate  of Company (as that term is
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act). 

3.            Company s
Representations and Warranties . Company represents and warrants to Investor that: (i) Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation and has the requisite corporate power to own
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted; (ii) Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to
do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes
such qualification necessary; (iii) Company has registered its Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the   1934 Act  ), and is obligated to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the 1934 Act; (iv) each of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and
validly authorized by Company; (v) this Agreement, the Note, and the other Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered
by Company and constitute the valid and binding obligations of Company enforceable in accordance with their terms; (vi) the execution
and delivery of the Transaction Documents by Company, the issuance of Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, and the consummation
by Company of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents do not and will not conflict with or result in a
breach by Company of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (a) Company s formation documents or
bylaws, each as currently in effect, (b) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which
Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets are bound, including any listing agreement for the Common
Stock, or (c) any existing applicable law, rule, or regulation or any applicable decree, judgment, or order of any court, United
States federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency, or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Company or
any of Company s properties or assets; (vii) no further authorization, approval or consent of any court, governmental body,
regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization, or stock exchange or market or the stockholders or any lender of Company is required
to be obtained by Company for the issuance of the Securities to Investor; (viii) none of Company s filings with the SEC contained,
at the time they were filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
(ix) Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Company with the SEC
under the 1934 Act on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such report, schedule,
form, statement or other document prior to the expiration of any such extension (the   Company SEC Filings  )
during the past twelve months; (x) other than as set forth in the Company SEC Filings, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry
or investigation before or by any court, public board or body pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or affecting
Company before or by any governmental authority or non-governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality
or any other person, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have a material adverse effect on Company or which
would adversely affect the validity or enforceability of, or the authority or ability of Company to perform its obligations under,
any of the Transaction Documents; (xi) during the past twelve months, Company has not consummated any financing transaction in
excess of $100,000 that has not been disclosed in a periodic filing, registration statement or current report with the SEC under
the 1933 Act or 1934 Act; (xii) Company is not, nor has it been at any time in the previous twelve (12) months, a  Shell
Company,  as such type of  issuer  is described in Rule 144(i)(1) under the 1933 Act; (xiii) with respect to
any commissions, placement agent or finder s fees or similar payments that will or would become due and owing by Company
to any person or entity as a result of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (  Broker Fees  ),
any such Broker Fees will be made in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and only to a person or entity that
is a registered investment adviser or registered broker-dealer; (xiv) Investor shall have no obligation with respect to any Broker
Fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons for fees of a type contemplated in this subsection that
may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each of Investor,
Investor s employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, managers, agents, and partners, and their respective affiliates,
from and against all claims, losses, damages, costs (including the costs of preparation and attorneys  fees) and expenses
suffered in respect of any such claimed or existing Broker Fees; (xv) when issued, the Conversion Shares will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid for and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges and encumbrances; (xvi) neither
Investor nor any of its officers, directors, stockholders, members, managers, employees, agents or representatives has made any
representations or warranties to Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives except as expressly
set forth in the Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, Company is not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of Investor or its officers, directors,
members, managers, employees, agents or representatives other than as set forth in the Transaction Documents; (xvii) Company acknowledges
that the State of Utah has a reasonable relationship and sufficient contacts to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and any dispute that may arise related thereto such that the laws and venue of the State of Utah, as set forth more specifically
in Section 9.3 below, shall be applicable to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated therein; and (xviii) Company
has performed due diligence and background research on Investor and its affiliates including, without limitation, John M. Fife,
and, to its satisfaction, has made inquiries with respect to all matters Company may consider relevant to the undertakings and
relationships contemplated by the Transaction Documents including, among other things, the following:  http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=7505107 ticker=UAHC; SEC
Civil Case No. 07-C-0347 (N.D. Ill.); SEC Civil Action No. 07-CV-347 (N.D. Ill.); and FINRA Case #2011029203701. Company, being
aware of the matters described in subsection (xviii) above, acknowledges and agrees that such matters, or any similar matters,
have no bearing on the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and covenants and agrees it will not use any such
information as a defense to performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or in any attempt to avoid, modify or
reduce such obligations. 

4.            Company
Covenants . Until all of Company s obligations under all of the Transaction Documents are paid and performed in full,
or within the timeframes otherwise specifically set forth below, Company shall comply with the following covenants: (i) so long
as Investor beneficially owns any of the Securities and for at least twenty (20) Trading Days thereafter, Company shall timely
file on the applicable deadline all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934
Act (or have received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such report prior to the expiration of any such
extension), and shall take all reasonable action under its control to ensure that adequate current public information with respect
to Company, as required in accordance with Rule 144 of the 1933 Act, is publicly available, and shall not terminate its status
as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even if the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would permit
such termination; (ii) the Common Stock shall be listed or quoted for trading on any of (a) NYSE, (b) NASDAQ, (c) OTCQX, (d) OTCQB
or (e) OTC Pink Current Information; (iii) when issued, the Conversion Shares shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
for and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges and encumbrances; (iv) trading in Company s Common Stock
shall not be suspended, halted, chilled, frozen, reach zero bid or otherwise cease on Company s principal trading market;
and (v) Company shall not transfer, assign, sell, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise alienate or encumber the Secured Investor Notes
in any way without the prior written consent of Investor, which consent may be given or withheld in Investor s sole and absolute
discretion. 

5.            Conditions
to Company s Obligation to Sell . The obligation of Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to Investor at the Closing
is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions: 

5.1.          Investor
shall have executed this Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and the Secured Investor Notes, and delivered the same to Company. 

5.2.          Investor
shall have delivered the Initial Cash Purchase Price to Company in accordance with Section 1.2 above. 

5.3.          Investor
shall have delivered to Company fully executed copies of all other Transaction Documents required to be executed by Investor herein
or therein. 

6.            Conditions
to Investor s Obligation to Purchase . The obligation of Investor hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is subject
to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for
Investor s sole benefit and may be waived by Investor at any time in its sole discretion: 

6.1.          Company
shall have executed this Agreement and the Note and delivered the same to Investor. 

6.2.          Company
shall have executed and delivered to Investor the Pledge Agreement. 

6.3.          Company
shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Irrevocable Letter of Instructions to Transfer Agent (the   TA Letter  )
substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit E  acknowledged and agreed to in writing by Company s transfer
agent (the   Transfer Agent  ). 

6.4.          Company
shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Secretary s Certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit
F  evidencing Company s approval of the Transaction Documents. 

6.5.          Company
shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Share Issuance Resolution substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit
G  to be delivered to the Transfer Agent. 

6.6.          Company
shall have delivered to Investor fully executed copies of all other Transaction Documents required to be executed by Company herein
or therein. 

7.            Reservation
of Shares . At all times during which the Note is convertible, Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common
Stock to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of the Note at least three (3) times the number of shares
of Common Stock obtained by dividing the Outstanding Balance (as defined in the Note) by the Conversion Price (as defined in the
Note) (the   Share Reserve  ), but in any event not less than 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock shall be reserved
at all times for such purpose (the   Transfer Agent Reserve  ). Company further agrees that it will cause the
Transfer Agent to immediately add shares of Common Stock to the Transfer Agent Reserve in increments of 25,000,000 shares as and
when requested by Investor in writing from time to time, provided that such incremental increases do not cause the Transfer Agent
Reserve to exceed the Share Reserve. In furtherance thereof, from and after the date hereof and until such time that the Note has
been paid in full, Company shall require the Transfer Agent to reserve for the purpose of issuance of Conversion Shares under the
Note, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Transfer Agent Reserve. Company shall further require the Transfer Agent
to hold such shares of Common Stock exclusively for the benefit of Investor and to issue such shares to Investor promptly upon
Investor s delivery of a conversion notice under the Note. Finally, Company shall require the Transfer Agent to issue shares
of Common Stock pursuant to the Note to Investor out of its authorized and unissued shares, and not the Transfer Agent Reserve,
to the extent shares of Common Stock have been authorized, but not issued, and are not included in the Transfer Agent Reserve.
The Transfer Agent shall only issue shares out of the Transfer Agent Reserve to the extent there are no other authorized shares
available for issuance and then only with Investor s written consent. In the event of a Notice of Borrower Offset is delivered
to the Investor pursuant to the terms of the Note, a proportionate amount of shares underlying the portion of the Note that is
Offset may be released from the Share Reserve and Transfer Agent Reserve by the Transfer Agent at the direction of the Company. 

8.            Terms
of Future Financings . So long as the Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by Company following the date hereof of any security
with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not
similarly provided to Investor in the Transaction Documents, then Company shall notify Investor of such additional or more favorable
term and such term, at Investor s option, shall become a part of the Transaction Documents, provided, however, that any less
favorable term that is a part of the same issuance will also become a part of the Transaction Documents, but only to the extent
Investor elects in writing to have both the more favorable and less favorable term(s) become part of the Transaction Documents.
By way of example, if the Company issues a security with a higher conversion price and a longer look-back period, if the Investor
wishes to adopt the longer look-back period, it must also adopt the higher conversion price. Additionally, if Company fails to
notify Investor of any such additional or more favorable term, but Investor becomes aware that Company has granted such a term
to any third party, Investor may notify Company of such additional or more favorable term and such term shall become a part of
the Transaction Documents on the same terms as set forth herein, retroactive to the date on which such term was granted to the
applicable third party. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security
include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original issue
discounts, stock sale price, conversion price per share, warrant coverage, warrant exercise price, and anti-dilution/conversion
and exercise price resets. 

9.            Miscellaneous .
The provisions set forth in this Section 9 shall apply to this Agreement, as well as all other Transaction Documents as if these
terms were fully set forth therein; provided, however, that in the event there is a conflict between any provision set forth in
this Section 9 and any provision in any other Transaction Document, the provision in such other Transaction Document shall govern. 

9.1.           Certain
Capitalized Terms . To the extent any capitalized term used in any Transaction Document is defined in any other Transaction
Document (as noted therein), such capitalized term shall remain applicable in the Transaction Document in which it is so used even
if the other Transaction Document (wherein such term is defined) has been released, satisfied, or is otherwise cancelled. 

9.2.           Arbitration
of Claims . The parties shall submit all Claims (as defined in  Exhibit H ) arising under this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions
set forth in  Exhibit H  attached hereto (the   Arbitration Provisions  ). The parties hereby acknowledge
and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the parties hereto and are severable from all other provisions
of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration
Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration
Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and
limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations.
Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the
Arbitration Provisions. 

9.3.           Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. Each party consents to and expressly
agrees that exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out of or relating to any Transaction Document or the relationship
of the parties or their affiliates shall be in Salt Lake County or Utah County, Utah. Without modifying the parties obligations
to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the
Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer
agent services agreement or other agreement between the Transfer Agent and Company, such litigation specifically includes, without
limitation any action between or involving Company and the Transfer Agent under the TA Letter or otherwise related to Investor
in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining
order, or otherwise prohibit the Transfer Agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto
hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Salt
Lake County, Utah, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not
bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary
restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Transfer Agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason) outside
of any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection
that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction
or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Finally, Company covenants and agrees to name Investor
as a party in interest in, and provide written notice to Investor in accordance with Section 9.13 below prior to bringing or filing,
any action (including without limitation any filing or action against any person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement,
including without limitation the Transfer Agent) that is related in any way to the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated
herein or therein, including without limitation any action brought by Company to enjoin or prevent the issuance of any shares of
Common Stock to Investor by the Transfer Agent, and further agrees to name Investor as a party to any such action. Company acknowledges
that the governing law and venue provisions set forth in this Section 9.3 are material terms to induce Investor to enter into the
Transaction Documents and that but for Company s agreements set forth in this Section 9.3 Investor would not have entered
into the Transaction Documents. 

9.4.           Specific
Performance . Company acknowledges and agrees that irreparable damage would occur to Investor in the event that Company fails
to perform any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with its specific terms. It
is accordingly agreed that Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions
of this Agreement or such other Transaction Document and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which any Investor may be entitled under the Transaction Documents, at law or in equity.
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event Investor seeks to obtain an injunction against Company or specific performance of any
provision of any Transaction Document, such action shall not be a waiver of any right of Investor under any Transaction Document,
at law, or in equity, including without limitation its rights to arbitrate any Claim pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

9.5.           Calculation
Disputes . Notwithstanding the Arbitration Provisions, in the case of a dispute as to any determination or arithmetic calculation
under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation, calculating the Outstanding Balance, Conversion Price (as defined
in the Note), Conversion Shares, Conversion Factor (as defined in the Note), or VWAP (as defined in the Note) (each, a   Calculation  ),
Company or Investor (as the case may be) shall submit any disputed Calculation via email or facsimile with confirmation of receipt
(i) within two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to Company or Investor (as the
case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after Investor learned of the circumstances giving rise
to such dispute. If Investor and Company are unable to agree upon such Calculation within two (2) Trading Days of such disputed
Calculation being submitted to Company or Investor (as the case may be), then Investor shall, within two (2) Trading Days, submit
via email or facsimile the disputed Calculation to Unkar Systems Inc. (  Unkar Systems  ). Company shall cause
Unkar Systems to perform the Calculation and notify Company and Investor of the results no later than ten (10) Trading Days from
the time it receives such disputed Calculation. Unkar Systems  determination of the disputed Calculation shall be binding
upon all parties absent demonstrable error. Unkar Systems  fee for performing such Calculation shall be paid by the incorrect
party, or if both parties are incorrect, by the party whose Calculation is furthest from the correct Calculation as determined
by Unkar Systems. In the event Company is the losing party, no extension of the Delivery Date (as defined in the Note) shall be
granted and Company shall incur all effects for failing to deliver the applicable shares in a timely manner as set forth in the
Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investor may, in its sole discretion, designate an independent, reputable
investment bank or accounting firm other than Unkar Systems to resolve any such dispute and in such event, all references to  Unkar
Systems  herein will be replaced with references to such independent, reputable investment bank or accounting firm so designated
by Investor. 

9.6.           Counterparts .
Each Transaction Document may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one instrument. The parties hereto confirm that any electronic copy of another party s executed
counterpart of a Transaction Document (or such party s signature page thereof) will be deemed to be an executed original
thereof. 

9.7.           Document
Imaging . Investor shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to image or make copies of all or any selection of the agreements,
instruments, documents, and items and records governing, arising from or relating to any of Company s loans, including, without
limitation, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and Investor may destroy or archive the paper originals.  
The parties hereto (i) waive any right to insist or require that Investor produce paper originals, (ii) agree that such images
shall be accorded the same force and effect as the paper originals, (iii) agree that Investor is entitled to use such images in
lieu of destroyed or archived originals for any purpose, including as admissible evidence in any demand, presentment or other proceedings,
and (iv) further agree that any executed facsimile (faxed), scanned, emailed, or other imaged copy of this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document shall be deemed to be of the same force and effect as the original manually executed document. 

9.8.           Headings .
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of,
this Agreement. 

9.9.           Severability .
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
to such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 

9.10.          Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Company
nor Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For the avoidance of doubt,
all prior term sheets or other documents between Company and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, related to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (collectively,   Prior Agreements  ), that may have been entered into between Company
and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, are hereby null and void and deemed to be replaced in their entirety by the Transaction
Documents. To the extent there is a conflict between any term set forth in any Prior Agreement and the term(s) of the Transaction
Documents, the Transaction Documents shall govern. 

9.11.          No
Reliance . Company acknowledges and agrees that neither Investor nor any of its officers, directors, members, managers, representatives
or agents has made any representations or warranties to Company or any of its officers, directors, representatives, agents or employees
except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, Company is not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of Investor or its officers,
directors, members, managers, agents or representatives other than as set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

9.12.          Amendments .
The prior written consent of both parties hereto shall be required for any change or amendment to this Agreement. 

9.13.          Notices .
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively
given on the earliest of: (i) the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor or by email
to an executive officer, or by facsimile (with successful transmission confirmation), (ii) the earlier of the date delivered or
the third Trading Day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by certified mail, or (iii) the earlier
of the date delivered or the third Trading Day after mailing by express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each
case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such
party may designate by five (5) calendar days  advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto): 

If to Company: 

Notis Global, Inc. 

 Attn: Jeffrey Goh 

 600 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 

 Los Angeles, California 90017 

If to Investor: 

With a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 

9.14.          Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by
Investor hereunder may be assigned by Investor to a third party, including its financing sources, in whole or in part, without
the need to obtain Company s consent thereto. Company may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or delegate
its duties hereunder without the prior written consent of Investor. 

9.15.          Survival .
The representations and warranties of Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of Investor. Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless Investor and all its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents for loss or damage arising as a result
of or related to any breach or alleged breach by Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

9.16.          Further
Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

9.17.          Investor s
Rights and Remedies Cumulative; Liquidated Damages . All rights, remedies, and powers conferred in this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies, and shall be in addition to every other right, power,
and remedy that Investor may have, whether specifically granted in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or existing
at law, in equity, or by statute, and any and all such rights and remedies may be exercised from time to time and as often and
in such order as Investor may deem expedient. The parties acknowledge and agree that upon Company s failure to comply with
the provisions of the Transaction Documents, Investor s damages would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately
estimate because of the parties  inability to predict future interest rates and future share prices, Investor s increased
risk, and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for Investor, among other reasons.
Accordingly, any fees, charges, and default interest due under the Note and the other Transaction Documents are intended by the
parties to be, and shall be deemed, liquidated damages (under Company s and Investor s expectations that, subject to
applicable law, including Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff, any such liquidated damages will tack back to the Purchase Price Date for purposes of determining the holding period under
Rule 144 under the 1933 Act). The parties agree that such liquidated damages are a reasonable estimate of Investor s actual
damages and not a penalty, and shall not be deemed in any way to limit any other right or remedy Investor may have hereunder, at
law or in equity. The parties acknowledge and agree that under the circumstances existing at the time this Agreement is entered
into, such liquidated damages are fair and reasonable and are not penalties. All fees, charges, and default interest provided for
in the Transaction Documents are agreed to by the parties to be based upon the obligations and the risks assumed by the parties
as of the Closing Date and are consistent with investments of this type. The liquidated damages provisions of the Transaction Documents
shall not limit or preclude a party from pursuing any other remedy available at law or in equity;  provided, however , that
the liquidated damages provided for in the Transaction Documents are intended to be in lieu of actual damages. 

9.18.          Ownership
Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, if at
any time Investor shall or would be issued shares of Common Stock under any of the Transaction Documents, but such issuance would
cause Investor (together with its affiliates) to beneficially own a number of shares exceeding the Maximum Percentage (as defined
in the Note), then Company must not issue to Investor the shares that would cause Investor to exceed the Maximum Percentage. For
purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership of Common Stock will be determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. 

9.19.          Attorneys 
Fees and Cost of Collection . In the event of any arbitration or action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms
of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, the parties agree that the party who is awarded the most money (which,
for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded
to any party) shall be deemed the prevailing party for all purposes and shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the
full amount of the attorneys  fees, deposition costs, and expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with arbitration
or litigation without reduction or apportionment based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses.
Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrator s or a court s power to award fees and expenses for frivolous
or bad faith pleading. If (i) the Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement prior to commencing
arbitration or legal proceedings, or is collected or enforced through any arbitration or legal proceeding, or Investor otherwise
takes action to collect amounts due under the Note or to enforce the provisions of the Note; or (ii) there occurs any bankruptcy,
reorganization, receivership of Company or other proceedings affecting Company s creditors  rights and involving a
claim under the Note; then Company shall pay the costs incurred by Investor for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection
with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys  fees, expenses,
deposition costs, and disbursements. 

9.20.          Waiver .
No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting
the waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or
consent to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent
or commit a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing. 

9.21.           Waiver
of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR THE RELATIONSHIPS
OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON
LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND
VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTY S RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY . 

9.22.          Time
is of the Essence . Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents. 

9.23.          Voluntary
Agreement . Company has carefully read this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and has asked any questions
needed for Company to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction
Documents and fully understand them. Company has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Company s choosing,
or has waived the right to do so, and is executing this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents voluntarily and without
any duress or undue influence by Investor or anyone else. 

[ Remainder of page intentionally left
blank; signature page follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned Investor and Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT : 

INVESTOR:  

Chicago Venture Partners, L.P.    

By: 
     Chicago Venture Management, L.L.C.,  

its General Partner  

By: 
     CVM, Inc., its Manager  

By: 
     /s/ John M. Fife  

John M. Fife, President  

COMPANY:  

Notis Global, Inc.    

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Printed Name: 
     Jeffrey Goh  

Title:  
     President and Chief Executive Officer  

[ Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement ] 

Exhibit
H    

ARBITRATION PROVISIONS  

1.           Dispute
Resolution . For purposes of this  Exhibit H , the term   Claims   means any disputes, claims, demands,
causes of action, requests for injunctive relief, requests for specific performance, liabilities, damages, losses, or controversies
whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents and any communications
between the parties related thereto, including without limitation any claims of mutual mistake, mistake, fraud, misrepresentation,
failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability, failure of condition precedent, rescission,
and any statutory claims, tort claims, contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or terminate the Agreement (or these Arbitration
Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents. The term  Claims  specifically excludes a dispute
over Calculations. The parties to the Agreement (the   parties  ) hereby agree that the arbitration provisions
set forth in this  Exhibit H  (  Arbitration Provisions  ) are binding on each of them. As a result, any
attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or declare the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or
any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable for any reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions. These Arbitration
Provisions shall also survive any termination or expiration of the Agreement. Any capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration
Provisions shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. 

2.           Arbitration .
Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration (  Arbitration  ) to be conducted
exclusively in Salt Lake County or Utah County, Utah and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions. Subject
to the arbitration appeal right provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the   Appeal Right  ), the parties agree that
the award of the arbitrator rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the   Arbitration Award  ) shall be (a) final
and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings
presented or pleaded to the arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset
(with respect to monetary awards). Subject to the Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys 
fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law,
be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. The Arbitration Award shall include default interest (as defined or otherwise
provided for in the Note (  Default Interest  )) (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the
Note for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and
enforced by any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah. 

3.           The
Arbitration Act . The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in the Utah Uniform Arbitration
Act, U.C.A.   78B-11-101  et seq.  (as amended or superseded from time to time, the   Arbitration Act  ).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted by, Section 105 of the Arbitration Act, in the
event of conflict or variation between the terms of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the
terms of these Arbitration Provisions shall control and the parties hereby waive or otherwise agree to vary the effect of all requirements
of the Arbitration Act that may conflict with or vary from these Arbitration Provisions. 

4.           Arbitration
Proceedings . Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following: 

4.1            Initiation
of Arbitration . Pursuant to Section 110 of the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration by
giving written notice to the other party (  Arbitration Notice  ) in the same manner that notice is permitted
under Section 9.13 of the Agreement;  provided, however , that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration
will be deemed initiated as of the date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed delivered to such other party under Section 9.13
of the Agreement (the   Service Date  ). After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may
be given, by email or fax pursuant to Section 9.13 of the Agreement or any other method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice
must describe the nature of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election to commence Arbitration proceedings. All Claims
in the Arbitration Notice must be pleaded consistent with the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure. 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   1       

4.2          Selection
and Payment of Arbitrator . 

(a) Within ten (10)
calendar days after the Service Date, Investor shall select and submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated
as  neutrals  or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Services (http://www.utahadrservices.com) (such three (3) designated
persons hereunder are referred to herein as the   Proposed Arbitrators  ). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed
Arbitrator must be qualified as a  neutral  with Utah ADR Services. Within five (5) calendar days after Investor has
submitted to Company the names of the Proposed Arbitrators, Company must select, by written notice to Investor, one (1) of the
Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Company fails to select one
of the Proposed Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then Investor may select the arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators
by providing written notice of such selection to Company. 

(b) If Investor fails
to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to subparagraph (a)
above, then Company may at any time prior to Investor so designating the Proposed Arbitrators, identify the names of three (3)
arbitrators that are designated as  neutrals  or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Service by written notice to Investor.
Investor may then, within five (5) calendar days after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed Arbitrators to Investor, select,
by written notice to Company, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration
Provisions. If Investor fails to select in writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed Arbitrators selected
by Company, then Company may select the arbitrator from its three (3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by providing written
notice of such selection to Investor. 

(c) If a Proposed
Arbitrator chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected such
Proposed Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date the
chosen Proposed Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed
Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process shall begin again in
accordance with this Paragraph 4.2. 

(d) The date that
the Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2 agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both parties
to serve as the arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the   Arbitration Commencement Date  . If an arbitrator
resigns or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph
4.2 to continue the Arbitration. If Utah ADR Services ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then the arbitrator shall
be selected under the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. 

(e) Subject to
Paragraph 4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if one
party refuses or fails to pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid amount (subject to
the accrual of Default Interest thereupon), with such amount being added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration
Award. 

4.3            Applicability
of Certain Utah Rules . The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance with the Utah Rules
of Civil Procedure and the Utah Rules of Evidence. More specifically, the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply, without limitation,
to the filing of any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and the taking of any depositions. The Utah
Rules of Evidence shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic or in person, held by the arbitrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
it is the parties  intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event supersede these Arbitration Provisions. In
the event of any conflict between the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure or the Utah Rules of Evidence and these Arbitration Provisions,
these Arbitration Provisions shall control. 

4.4            Answer
and Default . An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be delivered to the party initiating
the Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered by the
required deadline, the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating that the arbitrator will enter a
default award against such party if such party does not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice.
If an answer is not filed within the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must render a default award, consistent with
the relief requested in the Arbitration Notice, against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period. 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   2       

4.5            Related
Litigation . The party that delivers the Arbitration Notice to the other party shall have the option to also commence concurrent
legal proceedings with any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah (  Litigation Proceedings  ),
subject to the following: (a) the complaint in the Litigation Proceedings is to be substantially similar to the claims set forth
in the Arbitration Notice, provided that an additional cause of action to compel arbitration will also be included therein, (b)
so long as the other party files an answer to the complaint in the Litigation Proceedings and an answer to the Arbitration Notice,
the Litigation Proceedings will be stayed pending an Arbitration Award (or Appeal Panel Award (defined below), as applicable) hereunder,
(c) if the other party fails to file an answer in the Litigation Proceedings or an answer in the Arbitration proceedings, then
the party initiating Arbitration shall be entitled to a default judgment consistent with the relief requested, to be entered in
the Litigation Proceedings, and (d) any legal or procedural issue arising under the Arbitration Act that requires a decision of
a court of competent jurisdiction may be determined in the Litigation Proceedings. Any award of the arbitrator (or of the Appeal
Panel (defined below)) may be entered in such Litigation Proceedings pursuant to the Arbitration Act. 

4.6            Discovery .
Pursuant to Section 118(8) of the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that discovery shall be conducted as follows: 

(a) Written discovery
will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh the burden or expense thereof, and the written
discovery sought is likely to reveal information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded in
the Arbitration. The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden of showing that all of the standards and limitations
set forth in these Arbitration Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall also be limited
as follows: 

(i)          To
facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. 

(ii)         To
facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another manner that is more convenient, less burdensome
or less expensive than in the manner requested. 

(b) No party shall
be allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests for admission
(including discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete subparts), or (iv) more than three
(3) depositions (excluding expert depositions) for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions
will be borne by the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition will submit a notice to the party taking the
deposition of the estimated attorneys  fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition.
If the party defending the deposition fails to submit an estimate of attorneys  fees within five (5) calendar days of its
receipt of a deposition notice, then such party shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated attorneys  fees.
The party taking the deposition must pay the party defending the deposition the estimated attorneys  fees prior to taking
the deposition, unless such obligation is deemed to be waived as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party
taking the deposition believes that the estimated attorneys  fees are unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the
arbitrator for a decision. All depositions will be taken in Utah. 

(c) All discovery
requests (including document production requests included in deposition notices) must be submitted in writing to the arbitrator
and the other party. The party submitting the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a detailed explanation
of how the proposed discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these Arbitration Provisions and the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure.
The receiving party will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the proposed discovery requests, to submit
to the arbitrator an estimate of the attorneys  fees and costs associated with responding to such written discovery requests
and a written challenge to each applicable discovery request. After receipt of an estimate of attorneys  fees and costs and/or
challenge(s) to one or more discovery requests, consistent with subparagraph (c) above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar
days make a finding as to the likely attorneys  fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests and issue
an order that (i) requires the requesting party to prepay the attorneys  fees and costs associated with responding to the
discovery requests, and (ii) requires the responding party to respond to the discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator within
twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrator s finding with respect to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to
submit an estimate of attorneys  fees and costs and/or a challenge to discovery requests fails to do so within such 5-day
period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no attorneys  fees or costs associated with responding to such
discovery requests, and (B) the responding party must respond to such discovery requests (as may be limited by the arbitrator)
within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrator s finding with respect to such discovery requests. Any party submitting
any written discovery requests, including without limitation interrogatories, requests for production subpoenas to a party or a
third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the estimated attorneys  fees and costs, before the responding party
has any obligation to produce or respond to the same, unless such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above. 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   3       

(d) In order to
allow a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request satisfies the standards set forth in these
Arbitration Provisions and the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards. If a discovery
request does not satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions or the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure, the
arbitrator may modify such discovery request to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request in whole or
in part. 

(e) Each party
may submit expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of the Arbitration
Commencement Date. Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain the following: (i) a complete
statement of all opinions the expert will offer at trial and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the expert s name and qualifications,
including a list of all the expert s publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other cases in which
the expert has testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii) the compensation
to be paid for the expert s report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other party s expert witness
one (1) time for no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify in a party s case-in-chief concerning any matter
not fairly disclosed in the expert report. 

4.6            Dispositive
Motions . Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant Rule 12 or Rule 56 of the Utah Rules of Civil
Procedure (a   Dispositive Motion  ). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to,
deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in support (the   Memorandum in Support  ) of the
Dispositive Motion. Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Support, the other party shall deliver to the
arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in opposition to the Memorandum in Support (the   Memorandum in Opposition  ).
Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum
in Support shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition (  Reply
Memorandum  ). If the applicable party shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the
other party fails to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the applicable party shall lose its right to so deliver
the same, and the Dispositive Motion shall proceed regardless. 

4.7            Confidentiality .
All information disclosed by either party (or such party s agents) during the Arbitration process (including without limitation
information disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered confidential in nature. Each
party agrees not to disclose any confidential information received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration
process (including without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to or after the time of disclosure
such information becomes public knowledge or part of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving
party or its agents, (b) such information is required by a court order, subpoena or similar legal duress to be disclosed if such
receiving party has notified the other party thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order
from a court of competent jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information is disclosed to the receiving party s
agents, representatives and legal counsel on a need to know basis who each agree in writing not to disclose such information to
any third party. Pursuant to Section 118(5) of the Arbitration Act, the arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to issue a
protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged information and confidential information upon the written request of either
party. 

4.8            Authorization;
Timing; Scheduling Order . Subject to all other portions of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize and direct
the arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry out the parties  intent for the Arbitration
proceedings to be efficient and expeditious. Pursuant to Section 120 of the Arbitration Act, the parties hereby agree that an Arbitration
Award must be made within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. The arbitrator is hereby
authorized and directed to hold a scheduling conference within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in
order to establish a scheduling order with various binding deadlines for discovery, expert testimony, and the submission of documents
by the parties to enable the arbitrator to render a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period. 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   4       

4.9            Relief .
The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award (or in a preliminary ruling) any relief which
the arbitrator deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief,
provided that the arbitrator may not award exemplary or punitive damages. 

4.10          Fees
and Costs . As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being
awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any
statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees
of the Arbitration, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys  fees, arbitrator costs and fees,
deposition costs, other discovery costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in
connection with the Arbitration. 

5.           Arbitration
Appeal . 

5.1            Initiation
of Appeal.  Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the   Appellant  ) shall have a period
of thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party (the   Appellee  ), in writing, that the Appellant
elects to appeal (the   Appeal  ) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an   Appeal Notice  ) to
a panel of arbitrators as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is
referred to herein as the   Appeal Date  . The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with
the provisions of Paragraph 4.1 above with respect to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of
the Appeal Notice to the Appellee, the Appellant must also pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together
with delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond in the amount of 110% of the sum the Appellant owes to the Appellee as a result of the
Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with
proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of this Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter
of right and, except as specifically set forth herein, will not be further conditioned. In the event a party does not deliver an
Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline prescribed in this Paragraph
5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award. If no party delivers an Appeal Notice (along with proof of
payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline described in this Paragraph 5.1, the Arbitration Award shall
be final. The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of the parties  agreement to arbitrate for
purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act. 

5.2            Selection
and Payment of Appeal Panel.  In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment
of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3) person
arbitration panel (the   Appeal Panel  ). 

(a) Within
ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and submit to the Appellant the names of five (5) arbitrators
that are designated as  neutrals  or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Services (http://www.utahadrservices.com) (such
five (5) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the   Proposed Appeal Arbitrators  ). For the
avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified as a  neutral  with Utah ADR Services, and shall
not be the arbitrator who rendered the Arbitration Award being appealed (the   Original Arbitrator  ). Within
five (5) calendar days after the Appellee has submitted to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, the Appellant
must select, by written notice to the Appellee, three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the members of the Appeal
Panel. If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then
the Appellee may select such three (3) arbitrators from the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection
to the Appellant. 

(b) If the
Appellee fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the
Appeal Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating the Proposed
Appeal Arbitrators, identify the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as  neutrals  or qualified arbitrators
by Utah ADR Service (none of whom may be the Original Arbitrator) by written notice to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within
five (5) calendar days after the Appellant has submitted notice of its selected arbitrators to the Appellee, select, by written
notice to the Appellant, three (3) of such selected arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If the Appellee fails to select in
writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the members of the Appeal Panel,
then the Appellant may select the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel from the Appellant s list of five (5) arbitrators
by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellee. 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   5       

(c) If a selected
Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve, then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal Arbitrator
may select one (1) of the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date a chosen
Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three (3)
of the five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator
selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 5.2;  provided, however , that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators
who have already agreed to serve shall remain on the Appeal Panel. 

(d) The
date that all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email)
delivered to both the Appellant and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to herein as the
  Appeal Commencement Date  . No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee
shall designate in writing (including via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel the name of one (1) of the three (3) members
of the Appeal Panel to serve as the lead arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed
an arbitrator for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal, the
Appeal Panel may only act or make determinations upon the approval or vote of no less than the majority vote of its members, as
announced or communicated by the lead arbitrator on the Appeal Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable
to act during the Appeal proceedings, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph 5.2 above to continue
the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel. If Utah ADR Services ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then the arbitrators
for the Appeal Panel shall be selected under the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. 

(d) Subject
to Paragraph 5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely by the Appellant. 

5.3            Appeal
Procedure.  The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel
shall conduct a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the foregoing
and all other provisions of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel considers
appropriate for a fair and expeditious disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings and permit oral argument, and may
review all previous evidence and discovery, together with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator
(as well as any documents filed with the Appeal Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection
with the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall not permit the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise any new Claims to be
arbitrated, shall not permit new witnesses or affidavits, and shall not base any of its findings or determinations on the Original
Arbitrator s findings or the Arbitration Award. 

5.4            Timing.

(a) Within
seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Appeal
Panel copies of the Appeal Notice, all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings and other
documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall have the right to review and supplement if necessary),
and (ii) may, but is not required to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the Appellant s
arguments concerning or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the
Arbitration. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellant s delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as applicable, the
Appellee shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum in Support. Within
seven (7) calendar days of the Appellee s delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the Appellant shall deliver
to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply Memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant shall fail to substantially
comply with the requirements of clause (i) of this subparagraph (a), the Appellant shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration
Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final. If the Appellee shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required
above, or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the Appellee or the Appellant, as
the case may be, shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Appeal shall proceed regardless. 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   6       

(b) Subject to subparagraph
(a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty (30) calendar days of the Appeal
Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal is heard
(and in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date). 

5.5            Appeal
Panel Award.  The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the   Appeal Panel Award  ) through the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall (a) supersede in its entirety
and make of no further force or effect the Arbitration Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original Arbitrator
shall remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with no further rights of appeal, (c) be the
sole and exclusive remedy between the parties regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded
in the Arbitration, and (d) be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to
monetary awards). Any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys  fees, incurred in connection with or incident
to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such
enforcement. The Appeal Panel Award shall include Default Interest (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the
Note for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Appeal Panel Award will be entered and
enforced by a state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah. 

5.6            Relief.
 The Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which the Appeal Panel deems
proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal
Panel may not award exemplary or punitive damages. 

5.7            Fees
and Costs.  As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being
awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any
statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees
of the Arbitration and the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party being awarded the most amount of money
by the Appeal Panel, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees,
or other charges awarded to any part) the reasonable attorneys  fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition
costs, other discovery costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection
with the Arbitration (including without limitation in connection with the Appeal). 

6.            Miscellaneous . 

6.1            Severability.
 If any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under applicable law, then such provision shall
be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the Arbitration
Provisions shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect. 

6.2            Governing
Law . These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Utah without regard to the conflict of laws
principles therein. 

6.3            Interpretation .
The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, these Arbitration Provisions. 

6.4            Waiver .
No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the
party granting the waiver. 

6.5            Time
is of the Essence . Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration Provisions. 

[ Remainder of page intentionally left
blank ] 

Arbitration Provisions  , Page   7       

</EX-10.01>

<EX-10.02>
 3
 s104312_ex10-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.02

Exhibit 10.02  

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
 Notis Global, Inc. , a Nevada corporation (  Borrower  ), promises
to pay to  Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. , a Utah limited partnership, or its successors
or assigns (  Lender  ), $1,242,500.00 and any interest, fees, charges, and late fees on the date that is fifteen
(15) months after the Purchase Price Date (the   Maturity Date  ) in accordance with the terms set forth herein
and to pay interest on the Outstanding Balance (including all Tranches (as defined below), both Conversion Eligible Tranches (as
defined below) and Subsequent Tranches (as defined below) that have not yet become Conversion Eligible Tranches) at the rate of
ten percent (10%) per annum from the Purchase Price Date until the same is paid in full. This Convertible Promissory Note (this
  Note  ) is issued and made effective as of May 20, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ). This Note
is issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 20, 2016, as the same may be amended from time to time,
by and between Borrower and Lender (the   Purchase Agreement  ). All interest calculations hereunder shall be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve (12) thirty (30) day months, shall compound daily and shall
be payable in accordance with the terms of this Note. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in  Attachment 1 
attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference. 

This Note carries
an OID of $112,500.00. In addition, Borrower agrees to pay $5,000.00 to Lender to cover Lender s legal fees, accounting
costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of this Note (the
  Transaction Expense Amount  ), all of which amount is included in the initial principal balance of this Note.
The purchase price for this Note shall be $1,125,000.00 (the   Purchase Price  ), computed as follows: $1,242,500.00
original principal balance, less the OID, less the Transaction Expense Amount. The Purchase Price shall be payable by delivery
to Borrower at Closing of the Secured Investor Notes (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and a wire transfer of immediately
available funds in the amount of the Initial Cash Purchase Price (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). This Note shall be comprised
of nine (9) tranches (each, a   Tranche  ), consisting of (i) an initial Tranche in an amount equal to $142,500.00
and any interest, costs, fees or charges accrued thereon or added thereto under the terms of this Note and the other Transaction
Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the   Initial   Tranche  ), and (ii) eight (8) additional
Tranches, each in the amount of $137,500.00, plus any interest, costs, fees or charges accrued thereon or added thereto under
the terms of this Note and the other Transaction Documents (each, a   Subsequent Tranche  ). The Initial Tranche
shall correspond to the Initial Cash Purchase Price, $12,500.00 of the OID and the Transaction Expense Amount, and may be converted
any time subsequent to the Purchase Price Date. The first Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #1 and
$12,500.00 of the OID, the second Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #2 and $12,500.00 of the OID, the
third Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #3 and $12,500.00 of the OID, the fourth Subsequent Tranche
shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #4 and $12,500.00 of the OID, the fifth Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured
Investor Note #5 and $12,500.00 of the OID, the sixth Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #6 and $12,500.00
of the OID, the seventh Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #7 and $12,500.00 of the OID, and the eighth
Subsequent Tranche shall correspond to Secured Investor Note #8 and $12,500.00 of the OID. Lender s right to convert any
portion of any of the Subsequent Tranches is conditioned upon Lender s payment in full of the Secured Investor Note corresponding
to such Subsequent Tranche (upon the satisfaction of such condition, such Subsequent Tranche becomes a   Conversion Eligible
Tranche  ). In the event Lender exercises its Lender Offset Right (as defined below) with respect to a portion of an
Investor Note and pays in full the remaining outstanding balance of such Investor Note, the Subsequent Tranche that corresponds
to such Investor Note shall be deemed to be a Conversion Eligible Tranche only for the portion of such Tranche that was paid for
in cash by Lender and the portion of such Investor Note that was offset pursuant to Lender s exercise of the Lender Offset
Right shall not be included in the applicable Conversion Eligible Tranche. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the other terms
and conditions hereof, the Initial Tranche shall be deemed a Conversion Eligible Tranche as of the Purchase Price Date for all
purposes hereunder and, subject to Section 3.2 below, may be converted in whole or in part at any time subsequent to the Purchase
Price Date, and each Subsequent Tranche that becomes a Conversion Eligible Tranche may be converted in whole or in part at any
time subsequent to the first date on which such Subsequent Tranche becomes a Conversion Eligible Tranche. For all purposes hereunder,
Conversion Eligible Tranches shall be converted (or, in the Event of Default, redeemed, as applicable) in order of the lowest-numbered
Conversion Eligible Tranche and Conversion Eligible Tranches may be converted (or, in the Event of Default, redeemed, as applicable)
in one or more separate Conversions (as defined below), as determined in Lender s sole discretion. At all times hereunder,
the aggregate amount of any costs, fees or charges incurred by or assessable against Borrower hereunder, including, without limitation,
any fees, charges or premiums incurred in connection with an Event of Default (as defined below), shall be added to the lowest-numbered
then-current Conversion Eligible Tranche.  

1.        Payment;
Prepayment . Provided there is an Outstanding Balance, on each Installment Date (as defined below), Borrower shall pay to Lender
an amount equal to the Installment Amount (as defined below) due on such Installment Date in accordance with Section 8. All
payments owing hereunder shall be in lawful money of the United States of America, as provided for herein, and delivered to Lender
at the address furnished to Borrower for that purpose. All payments shall be applied first to (a) costs of collection, if any,
then to (b) fees and charges, if any, then to (c) accrued and unpaid interest, and thereafter, to (d) principal. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, so long as Borrower has not received a Conversion Notice (as defined below) from Lender where the applicable Conversion
Shares (as defined below) have not yet been delivered and so long as no Event of Default has occurred since the Effective Date
then Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on not less than five (5) Trading Days prior written notice to Lender to prepay
the Outstanding Balance of this Note, in full, in accordance with this Section 1. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an   Optional
Prepayment Notice  ) shall be delivered to Lender at its registered address and shall state: (i) that Borrower is exercising
its right to prepay this Note, and (ii) the date of prepayment, which shall be not less than five (5) Trading Days from the date
of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the   Optional Prepayment Date  ), Borrower
shall make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to or upon the order of Lender as may be specified by
Lender in writing to Borrower. If Borrower exercises its right to prepay this Note, Borrower shall make payment to Lender of an
amount in cash equal to 125% (the   Prepayment Premium  ) multiplied by the then Outstanding Balance of this
Note (the   Optional Prepayment Amount  ). In the event Borrower delivers the Optional Prepayment Amount to Lender
prior to the Optional Prepayment Date or without delivering an Optional Prepayment Notice to Lender as set forth herein without
Lender s prior written consent, the Optional Prepayment Amount shall not be deemed to have been paid to Lender until the
Optional Prepayment Date. In the event Borrower delivers the Optional Prepayment Amount without an Optional Prepayment Notice,
then the Optional Prepayment Date will be deemed to be the date that is five (5) Trading Days from the date that the Optional
Prepayment Amount was delivered to Lender. In addition, if Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the
Optional Prepayment Amount due to Lender within two (2) Trading Days following the Optional Prepayment Date, Borrower shall forfeit
its right to prepay this Note for a period of thirty (30) Trading Days. 

2.        Security .
This Note is unsecured. 

3.        Lender Optional
Conversion . 

3.1.        Conversion
Price . The conversion price for each Conversion (the   Conversion Price  ) shall be 50% (the   Conversion
Factor  ) of the lowest Closing Bid Price in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the applicable Conversion. 

3.2.        Conversions .
Lender has the right at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder until the Outstanding Balance has been
paid in full, including without limitation until any Optional Prepayment Date (even if Lender has received an Optional Prepayment
Notice) or at any time thereafter with respect to any amount that is not prepaid at its election, to convert (each instance of
conversion is referred to herein as a   Conversion  ) all or any part of the Outstanding Balance (other than
any amounts due for Subsequent Tranches or for any Conversion Shares that have already been converted) into shares (  Conversion
Shares  ) of fully paid and non-assessable common stock, $0.001 par value per share (  Common Stock  ),
of Borrower as per the following conversion formula: the number of Conversion Shares equals the amount being converted (the   Conversion
Amount  ) divided by the Conversion Price. Conversion notices in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A  (each,
a   Conversion Notice  ) may be effectively delivered to Borrower by any method of Lender s choice (including
but not limited to facsimile, email, mail, overnight courier, or personal delivery), and all Conversions shall be cashless and
not require further payment from Lender. Borrower shall deliver the Conversion Shares from any Conversion to Lender in accordance
with Section 9 below. 

3.3.        Application
to Outstanding Balance . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and for the avoidance of doubt, any Conversion Amount
from any Conversion for which Lender receives Conversion Shares shall be applied towards and shall reduce the Outstanding Balance,
without the need for Lender to provide any separate notice regarding such application of the Conversion Amount. 

4.        Defaults
and Remedies . 

4.1.        Defaults .
The following are events of default under this Note (each, an   Event of Default  ): (a) Borrower shall fail
to pay any principal, interest, fees, charges, or any other amount when due and payable hereunder; (b) Borrower shall fail to
deliver any Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms hereof; (c) a receiver, trustee or other similar official shall be
appointed over Borrower or a material part of its assets and such appointment shall remain uncontested for twenty (20) days or
shall not be dismissed or discharged within sixty (60) days; (d) Borrower shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;
(e) Borrower shall file a petition for relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law (domestic or foreign); (f) an involuntary
proceeding shall be commenced or filed against Borrower; (g) Borrower shall default or otherwise fail to observe or perform any
covenant, obligation, condition or agreement of Borrower contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, other than those
specifically set forth in this Section 4.1 and Section 4 of the Purchase Agreement; (h) any representation, warranty or other
statement made or furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender herein, in any Transaction Document, or otherwise in connection
with the issuance of this Note shall be false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made or furnished;
(i) Borrower shall fail to maintain the Share Reserve as required under the Purchase Agreement; (j) Borrower effectuates a reverse
split of its Common Stock without twenty (20) Trading Days prior written notice to Lender; (k) any money judgment, writ or similar
process shall be entered or filed against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more
than $200,000.00, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) calendar days unless otherwise
consented to by Lender; (l) Borrower shall fail to be DWAC Eligible; or (m) Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant
set forth in Section 4 of the Purchase Agreement. 

4.2.        Remedies .
At any time and from time to time after Lender becoming aware of the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may accelerate
this Note by written notice to Borrower, with the Outstanding Balance becoming immediately due and payable in cash at 125% of
the Outstanding Balance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may,
at its option, elect to increase the Outstanding Balance by applying the Default Effect (subject to the limitation set forth below)
via written notice to Borrower without accelerating the Outstanding Balance, in which event the Outstanding Balance shall be increased
as of the date of the occurrence of the applicable Event of Default pursuant to the Default Effect, but the Outstanding Balance
shall not be immediately due and payable unless so declared by Lender (for the avoidance of doubt, if Lender elects to apply the
Default Effect pursuant to this sentence, it shall reserve the right to declare the Outstanding Balance immediately due and payable
at any time and no such election by Lender shall be deemed to be a waiver of its right to declare the Outstanding Balance immediately
due and payable as set forth herein unless otherwise agreed to by Lender in writing); provided, that Lender may not apply the
Default Effect with respect to more than two (2) separate Events of Default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence
of any Event of Default described in clauses (c), (d), (e), or (f), of Section 4.1, the Outstanding Balance as of the date of
acceleration shall become immediately and automatically due and payable in cash at 125% of the Outstanding Balance, without any
written notice required by Lender. At any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default, upon written notice given by
Lender to Borrower, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Balance beginning on the date the applicable Event of Default occurred
at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 22% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law (  Default
Interest  ). For the avoidance of doubt, Lender may continue making Conversions at any time following an Event of Default
until such time as the Outstanding Balance is paid in full. Additionally, following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Borrower
may, at its option, pay any Conversion in cash instead of Conversion Shares by paying to Lender on or before the applicable Delivery
Date (as defined below) a cash amount equal to the number of Conversion Shares set forth in the applicable Conversion Notice multiplied
by the highest intra-day trading price of the Common Stock that occurs during the period beginning on the date the applicable
Event of Default occurred and ending on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice. In connection with acceleration described
herein, Lender need not provide, and Borrower hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and
Lender may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and
all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Lender at any time
prior to payment hereunder and Lender shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as Lender receives
full payment pursuant to this Section 4.2. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair
any right consequent thereon. Nothing herein shall limit Lender s right to pursue any other remedies available to it at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to Borrower s
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon Conversion of the Notes as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4.3.        Cross Default .
A breach or default by Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any Other Agreements shall, at the option
of Lender, be considered an Event of Default under this Note, in which event Lender shall be entitled (but in no event required)
to apply all rights and remedies of Lender under the terms of this Note. 

5.        Unconditional
Obligation; No Offset . Borrower acknowledges that this Note is an unconditional, valid, binding and enforceable obligation
of Borrower not subject to offset (except as set forth in Section 19 below), deduction or counterclaim of any kind. Borrower hereby
waives any rights of offset (except as set forth in Section 19 below) it now has or may have hereafter against Lender, its successors
and assigns, and agrees to make the payments or Conversions called for herein in accordance with the terms of this Note. 

6.        Waiver .
No waiver of any provision of this Note shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting
the waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or
consent to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent
or commit a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing. 

7.        Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . Without limiting any provision hereof, if Borrower at
any time on or after the Effective Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. Without limiting any provision hereof, if Borrower at any time on or
after the Effective Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be
proportionately increased. Any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7 shall become effective immediately after the effective date
of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this Section 7 occurs during the period that a
Conversion Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect
such event. 

8.        Borrower
Installments . On the date that is six (6) months from the date hereof and on the same day of each month thereafter until the
Maturity Date (each, an   Installment Date  ), Borrower shall pay to Lender the applicable Installment Amount
due on such date;  provided, however,  that, for the avoidance of doubt, Borrower shall only be obligated to pay the Installment
Amount with respect to Conversion Eligible Tranches and if the Conversion Eligible Outstanding Balance is less than the Installment
Amount on any given Installment Date, then in such event Borrower shall only be obligated to pay the Conversion Eligible Outstanding
Balance (and if there is no Conversion Eligible Outstanding Balance on an Installment Date, Borrower shall not be obligated to
pay any Installment Amount to Lender on such Installment Date). Payment of each Installment Amount shall be made in cash. 

9.        Method of
Conversion Share Delivery . On or before the close of business on the third (3 rd ) Trading Day following the date
of delivery of a Conversion Notice (the   Delivery Date  ), Borrower shall, provided it is DWAC Eligible at such
time, deliver or cause its transfer agent to deliver the applicable Conversion Shares electronically via DWAC to the account designated
by Lender in the applicable Conversion Notice.   If Borrower is not DWAC Eligible, it shall deliver to Lender or its broker
(as designated in the Conversion Notice), via reputable overnight courier, a certificate representing the number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the number of Conversion Shares to which Lender shall be entitled, registered in the name of Lender or its
designee. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower has not met its obligation to deliver Conversion Shares by the Delivery Date unless
Lender or its broker, as applicable, has actually received the certificate representing the applicable Conversion Shares no later
than the close of business on the relevant Delivery Date pursuant to the terms set forth above. Moreover, and notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, in the event Borrower or its transfer agent refuses to deliver
any Conversion Shares to Lender without a restricted securities legend on grounds that the sale of such Conversion Shares on the
date of their conversion would not comply with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (  Rule 144  ),
Borrower shall deliver or cause its transfer agent to deliver the applicable Conversion Shares to Lender with a restricted securities
legend, but otherwise in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9. In conjunction therewith, Borrower will also deliver
to Lender a letter from its counsel or its transfer agent s counsel explaining as to why the resale of such Conversion Shares
on the date of their conversion would not comply with Rule 144. 

10.       Conversion
Delays . If Borrower fails to deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the timeframes stated in Section 9, Lender, at any
time prior to selling all of those Conversion Shares, as applicable, may rescind in whole or in part that particular Conversion
attributable to the unsold Conversion Shares, with a corresponding increase to the Outstanding Balance (it is the Lender s
and Borrower s expectations, subject to applicable law, including Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 as interpreted
by the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff, that any returned amount will tack back to the Purchase Price Date for
purposes of determining the holding period under Rule 144). In addition, for each Conversion, in the event that Conversion Shares
are not delivered by the fourth Trading Day (inclusive of the day of the Conversion), a late fee equal to the greater of (a) $500.00
and (b) 2% of the applicable Conversion Share Value rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.00 (but in any event the cumulative
amount of such late fees for each Conversion shall not exceed 200% of the applicable Conversion Share Value) will be assessed
for each day after the third Trading Day (inclusive of the day of the Conversion) until Conversion Share delivery is made; and
such late fee will be added to the Outstanding Balance (such fees, the   Conversion Delay Late Fees  ). For illustration
purposes only, if Lender delivers a Conversion Notice to Borrower pursuant to which Borrower is required to deliver 100,000 Conversion
Shares to Lender and on the Delivery Date such Conversion Shares have a Conversion Share Value of $20,000.00 (assuming a Closing
Trade Price on the Delivery Date of $0.20 per share of Common Stock), then in such event a Conversion Delay Late Fee in the amount
of $500.00 per day (the greater of $500.00 per day and $20,000.00 multiplied by 2%, which is $400.00) would be added to the Outstanding
Balance of this Note until such Conversion Shares are delivered to Lender. For purposes of this example, if the Conversion Shares
are delivered to Lender twenty (20) days after the applicable Delivery Date, the total Conversion Delay Late Fees that would be
added to the Outstanding Balance would be $10,000.00 (20 days multiplied by $500.00 per day). If the Conversion Shares are delivered
to Lender one hundred (100) days after the applicable Delivery Date, the total Conversion Delay Late Fees that would be added
to the Outstanding Balance would be $40,000.00 (100 days multiplied by $500.00 per day, but capped at 200% of the Conversion Share
Value). 

11.       Ownership
Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other Transaction Documents, if at any
time Lender shall or would be issued shares of Common Stock under any of the Transaction Documents, but such issuance would cause
Lender (together with its affiliates) to beneficially own a number of shares exceeding 4.99% of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding on such date (including for such purpose the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such issuance) (the   Maximum
Percentage  ), then Borrower must not issue to Lender shares of Common Stock which would exceed the Maximum Percentage.
For purposes of this section, beneficial ownership of Common Stock will be determined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act.
By written notice to Borrower, Lender may increase the Maximum Percentage to 9.99%, decrease the Maximum Percentage as to itself
but any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61st day after delivery thereof. The foregoing 61-day notice
requirement is enforceable, unconditional and non-waivable and shall apply to all affiliates and assigns of Lender. 

12.       Payment
of Collection Costs . If this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement prior to commencing
arbitration or legal proceedings, or is collected or enforced through any arbitration or legal proceeding, or Lender otherwise
takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note, then Borrower shall pay the costs
incurred by Lender for such collection, enforcement or action including, without limitation, attorneys  fees and disbursements.
Borrower also agrees to pay for any costs, fees or charges of its transfer agent that are charged to Lender pursuant to any Conversion
or issuance of shares pursuant to this Note. 

13.       Opinion
of Counsel . In the event that an opinion of counsel is needed for any matter related to this Note, Lender has the right to
have any such opinion provided by its counsel. 

14.        Governing
Law; Venue . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement
to determine the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. 

15.       Resolution
of Disputes . 

15.1.       Arbitration
of Disputes . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement) set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement. 

15.2.       Calculation
Disputes . Notwithstanding the Arbitration Provisions, in the case of a dispute as to any Calculation (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), such dispute will be resolved in the manner set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

16.       Cancellation .
After repayment or conversion of the entire Outstanding Balance, this Note shall be deemed paid in full, shall automatically be
deemed canceled, and shall not be reissued. 

17.       Amendments .
The prior written consent of both parties hereto shall be required for any change or amendment to this Note. 

18.       Assignments .
Borrower may not assign this Note without the prior written consent of Lender. This Note and any shares of Common Stock issued
upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by Lender without the consent of Borrower. 

19.       Offset Rights .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any of the other Transaction Documents, (a) the parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that Lender maintains a right of offset pursuant to the terms of the Secured Investor Notes that, under certain circumstances,
permits Lender to deduct amounts owed by Borrower under this Note from amounts otherwise owed by Lender under the Secured Investor
Notes (the   Lender Offset Right  ), and (b) at any time Borrower shall be entitled to deduct and offset any
amount owing by the initial Lender under the Secured Investor Notes from any amount owed by Borrower under this Note (the   Borrower
Offset Right  ). In order to exercise the Borrower Offset Right, Borrower must deliver to Lender (a) a completed and
signed Borrower Offset Right Notice in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B , (b) the original Investor Note being offset
marked  cancelled  or, in the event the applicable Investor Note has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost note affidavit
in a form reasonably acceptable to Lender, and (c) a check payable to Lender in the amount of $250.00. In the event that Borrower s
exercise of the Borrower Offset Right results in the full satisfaction of Borrower s obligations under this Note, Lender
shall return the original Note to Borrower marked  cancelled  or, in the event this Note has been lost, stolen or
destroyed, a lost note affidavit in a form reasonably acceptable to Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower shall not incur
any Prepayment Premium set forth in Section 1 hereof with respect to any portions of this Note that are satisfied by way of a
Borrower Offset Right or Lender Offset Right, nor shall any Event of Default exist with respect to any portions of this Note that
are satisfied by way of a Borrower Offset Right or Lender Offset Right. Furthermore, no OID shall accrue or be applicable to any
portions of this Note that are satisfied by way of a Borrower Offset Right or Lender Offset Right. 

20.       Time is
of the Essence . Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Note and the documents
and instruments entered into in connection herewith. 

21.       Notices .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the subsection of the Purchase Agreement titled  Notices.  

22.       Liquidated
Damages . Lender and Borrower agree that in the event Borrower fails to comply with any of the terms or provisions of this
Note, Lender s damages would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately estimate because of the parties 
inability to predict future interest rates, future share prices, future trading volumes and other relevant factors. Accordingly,
Lender and Borrower agree that any fees, balance adjustments, Default Interest or other charges assessed under this Note are not
penalties but instead are intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, liquidated damages (under Lender s and Borrower s
expectations that, subject to applicable law, including Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 as interpreted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff, any such liquidated damages will tack back to the Purchase Price Date for purposes of determining
the holding period under Rule 144). 

23.       Waiver of
Jury Trial . EACH OF LENDER AND BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED
BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE,
LAW, RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTY S
RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY. 

24.       Voluntary
Agreement . Borrower has carefully read this Note and has asked any questions needed for Borrower to understand the terms,
consequences and binding effect of this Note and fully understand them. Borrower has had the opportunity to seek the advice of
an attorney of Borrower s choosing, or has waived the right to do so, and is executing this Note voluntarily and without
any duress or undue influence by Lender or anyone else. 

25.       Severability .
If any part of this Note is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of Borrower
and Lender to the fullest extent permitted by law and the balance of this Note shall remain in full force and effect. 

[ Remainder of page intentionally left
blank; signature page follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused
this Note to be duly executed as of the Effective Date. 

BORROWER:  

Notis Global, Inc.    

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Name: 
     Jeffrey Goh  

Title: 
     President and CEO  

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED AND AGREED:  

LENDER: 

Chicago Venture Partners, L.P.   

By: 
      Chicago Venture Management, L.L.C., 

its General Partner 

By:  
     CVM, Inc., its Manager 

By: 
     /s/ John M. Fife 

John M. Fife, President 

[ Signature Page to Convertible Promissory Note ] 

ATTACHMENT 1  

  DEFINITIONS  

For purposes
of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

A1.         Bloomberg  
means Bloomberg L.P. (or if that service is not then reporting the relevant information regarding the Common Stock, a comparable
reporting service of national reputation selected by Lender and reasonably satisfactory to Borrower). 

A2.        Closing
Bid Price   and   Closing Trade Price   means the last closing bid price and last closing trade price,
respectively, for the Common Stock on its principal market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if its principal market begins to operate
on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may be) then the
last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of the Common Stock prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if its principal market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for the Common Stock, the last
closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of the Common Stock on the principal securities exchange or trading market
where the Common Stock is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price
or last trade price, respectively, of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for the
Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for the Common
Stock by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for the Common Stock
as reported by OTC Markets Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Trade Price cannot
be calculated for the Common Stock on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Trade
Price (as the case may be) of the Common Stock on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by Lender and
Borrower. If Lender and Borrower are unable to agree upon the fair market value of the Common Stock, then such dispute shall be
resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 15.2. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during such period. 

A3.        Conversion
Eligible Outstanding Balance   means the Outstanding Balance of this Note less the sum of each Subsequent Tranche (or
any tranche that Borrower or Lender has elected to offset) that has not yet become a Conversion Eligible Tranche (i.e., Lender
has not yet paid the outstanding balance of the Secured Investor Note that corresponds to such Subsequent Tranche). 

A4.        Conversion
Share Value   means the product of the number of Conversion Shares deliverable pursuant to any Conversion multiplied
by the Closing Trade Price of the Common Stock on the Delivery Date for such Conversion. 

A5.        Default
Effect   means multiplying the Conversion Eligible Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Event of Default
occurred by 125%. 

A6.        DTC  
means the Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto. 

A7.        DTC
Eligible   means, with respect to the Common Stock, that such Common Stock is eligible to be deposited in certificate
form at the DTC, cleared and converted into electronic shares by the DTC and held in the name of the clearing firm servicing Lender s
brokerage firm for the benefit of Lender. 

A8.        DTC/FAST
Program   means the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer program. 

A9.        DWAC  
means the DTC s Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system. 

A10.      DWAC
Eligible   means that (a) Borrower s Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTC s
operational arrangements, including without limitation transfer through DTC s DWAC system, (b) Borrower has been approved
(without revocation) by DTC s underwriting department, (c) Borrower s transfer agent is approved as an agent in the
DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Conversion Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC; (e) Borrower has previously delivered
all Conversion Shares to Lender via DWAC; and (f) Borrower s transfer agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting
delivery of the Conversion Shares via DWAC. 

Attachment 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, Page 1   

A11.      Installment
Amount   means $124,250.00 ($1,242,500.00   10), plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest on all Conversion
Eligible Tranches as of the applicable Installment Date, and accrued and unpaid late charges, if any, under this Note as of the
applicable Installment Date, and any other amounts accruing or owing to Lender under this Note as of such Installment Date;  provided,
however,  that, if the remaining amount owing under all then-existing Conversion Eligible Tranches or otherwise with respect
to this Note as of the applicable Installment Date is less than the Installment Amount set forth above, then the Installment Amount
for such Installment Date (and only such Installment Amount) shall be reduced (and only reduced) by the amount necessary to cause
such Installment Amount to equal such outstanding amount. 

A12.      OID  
means an original issue discount. 

A13.      Other
Agreements   means, collectively, (a) all existing and future agreements and instruments between, among or by Borrower
(or an affiliate), on the one hand, and Lender (or an affiliate), on the other hand, and (b) any financing agreement or a material
agreement that affects Borrower s ongoing business operations. 

A14.      Outstanding
Balance   means as of any date of determination, the Purchase Price, as reduced or increased, as the case may be, pursuant
to the terms hereof for payment, Conversion, offset, or otherwise, plus the OID, the Transaction Expense Amount, accrued but unpaid
interest, collection and enforcements costs (including attorneys  fees) incurred by Lender, transfer, stamp, issuance and
similar taxes and fees related to Conversions, and any other fees or charges (including without limitation Conversion Delay Late
Fees) incurred under this Note. 

A15.      Purchase
Price Date   means the date the Initial Cash Purchase Price is delivered by Lender to Borrower. 

A16.      Trading
Day   means any day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. 

A17.      VWAP  
means the volume weighted average price of the Common stock on the principal market for a particular Trading Day or set of Trading
Days, as the case may be, as reported by Bloomberg. 

Attachment 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, Page 2   

</EX-10.02>

<EX-10.03>
 4
 s104312_ex10-03.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.03

Exhibit 10.03  

THIS NOTE (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAY NOT BE
SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE ALIENATED OR ENCUMBERED WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF INVESTOR
(AS DEFINED BELOW). THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO A RIGHT OF OFFSET IN FAVOR OF INVESTOR UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF CERTAIN EVENTS AS SET
FORTH IN MORE DETAIL IN SECTION 6 BELOW.  

SECURED INVESTOR NOTE #1 

F OR
VALUE RECEIVED,  Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. , a Utah limited partnership (  Investor  ),
hereby promises to pay to  Notis Global, Inc. , a Nevada corporation (  Company  ,
and together with Investor, the   Parties  ), the principal sum of $125,000.00 together with all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon, fees incurred or other amounts owing hereunder, all as set forth below in this Secured Investor Note #1 (this
  Note  ). This Note is issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement of even date herewith, entered
into by and between Investor and Company (as the same may be amended from time to time, the   Purchase Agreement  ),
pursuant to which Company issued to Investor that certain Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $1,242,500.00
(as the same may be amended from time to time, the   Company Note  ), convertible into shares of Company s
Common Stock. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Purchase
Agreement. 

1.           Principal
and Interest . Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance and any unpaid late fees or other fees under this Note
at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum from the Purchase Price Date (as defined in the Company Note) until the full amount of
the principal and fees has been paid. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve (12) thirty
(30) day months, shall compound daily and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of this Note.. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary herein, in no event shall the applicable interest rate at any time exceed the maximum interest rate allowed under
applicable law, as provided in Section 12 below. The entire unpaid principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
under this Note, shall be due and payable on the date that is fifteen (15) months from the date hereof (the   Investor
Note   Maturity Date  );  provided, however , that Investor may elect, in its sole discretion, to extend the
Investor Note Maturity Date for up to thirty (30) days by delivering written notice of such election to Company at any time prior
to the Investor Note Maturity Date. 

2.           Payment . 
 Unless prepaid, all principal and accrued interest under this Note is payable in one lump sum on the Investor Note Maturity
Date. All payments of interest and principal shall be (i) in lawful money of the United States of America, and (ii) in the form
of immediately available funds. All payments shall be applied first to costs of collection, if any, then to accrued and unpaid
interest, and thereafter to principal. Payment of principal and interest hereunder shall be delivered to Company at the address
furnished to Investor for that purpose. 

3.           Prepayment
by Investor . Investor may, with Company s consent, pay, without penalty, all or any portion of the outstanding balance
along with any accrued but unpaid interest on this Note at any time prior to the Investor Note Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, on the date that is three (3) months from the date hereof (the   Conditional Prepayment Date  ), Investor
shall be obligated to prepay the outstanding balance of this Note if each of the following conditions is met: (a) no Event of Default
(as defined in the Company Note) shall have occurred under the Company Note during the period beginning on the date hereof and
ending on the Conditional Prepayment Date; (b) the average daily dollar volume of the Common Stock on its principal market for
the twenty (20) Trading Days (as defined in the Company Note) immediately preceding the Conditional Prepayment Date is greater
than $55,000.00; (c) the Market Capitalization (as defined in the Company Note) of the Common Stock on the Conditional Prepayment
Date is greater than $3,000,000.00; and (d) the Share Reserve on the Conditional Prepayment Date is equal to or greater than three
(3) times the number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing the outstanding balance of the Company Note on the Conditional
Prepayment Date by the Conversion Price (as defined in the Company Note) as of the Conditional Prepayment Date. 

4.           Security .
The payment of this Note (and all the other Secured Investor Notes) shall be secured by that certain Membership Interest Pledge
Agreement of even date herewith (as the same may be amended from time to time, the   Pledge Agreement  ) executed
by Investor, as Pledgor, in favor of Company, as Secured Party, whereby Investor has pledged as collateral its 60% membership interest
in Typenex Medical, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company, as more specifically set forth in the Pledge Agreement. All the
terms and conditions of the Pledge Agreement are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Note. 

5.            Termination
of Security Interest .  As set forth in the Pledge
Agreement,  Company  covenants and agrees that upon
the earlier of (i) the date on which all of the Secured Investor Notes are repaid in full and (ii) at  Investor  s
election, the date that is six (6) months and three (3) days following the execution of the Pledge Agreement, or such later date
as specified by  Investor  in its sole discretion
(the   Termination Date  ), the Pledge Agreement and all security interests granted thereunder with respect to
the Collateral (as defined in the Pledge Agreement) shall terminate, and  Investor ,
as  Company  s attorney-in-fact, shall be
authorized to terminate all UCC Financing Statements (Form UCC1) (each, a   Financing Statement  ) filed under
the Pledge Agreement by way of filing a UCC Financing Statement Amendment (Form UCC3) with respect to each such Financing Statement,
 and  to take all other actions (including making
all filings) necessary to reflect that the Pledge Agreement and the security interests granted thereunder have terminated. For
avoidance of doubt, after the Termination Date, there shall be no collateral securing this Note.  

6.           Right
of Offset . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any of the other Transaction Documents, in the event (i) of
the occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in the Company Note) under the Company Note or any other note issued by Company
in connection with the Purchase Agreement, (ii) of a breach of any material term, condition, representation, warranty, covenant
or obligation of Company under any Transaction Document, or (iii) Company sells, transfers, assigns, pledges or hypothecates this
Note, or attempts to do any of the foregoing, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, Investor shall be entitled to deduct and offset
any amount owing by Company under the Company Note from any amount owed by Investor under this Note (the   Investor Offset
Right  ), provided that if any of the foregoing events occur and Investor has not yet exercised the Investor Offset Right,
the Investor Offset Right shall be automatically exercised on the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the Investor Note Maturity
Date (an   Automatic Offset  ). Other than with respect to an Automatic Offset, Investor may only elect to exercise
the Investor Offset Right by delivering to Company an offset notice in a form substantially similar to  Exhibit   C 
to the Company Note or another form of Investor s choosing. In the event that Investor s exercise of the Investor Offset
Right under this Section 6 results in the full satisfaction of Investor s obligations under this Note, then Company shall
return this Note to Investor for cancellation or, in the event this Note has been lost, stolen or destroyed, Company shall provide
Investor with a lost note affidavit in a form reasonably acceptable to Investor. 

7.           Default .
If any of the events specified below shall occur (each, an   Investor Note Default  ) Company may declare the
unpaid principal balance under this Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, fees incurred or other amounts
owing hereunder immediately due and payable, by notice in writing to Investor. If any default, other than a Payment Default (as
defined below), is curable, then the default may be cured (and no Investor Note Default will have occurred) if Investor, after
receiving written notice from Company demanding cure of such default, either (i) cures the default within fifteen (15) days of
the receipt of such notice, or (ii) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, immediately initiates steps that Company
deems in Company s reasonable discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter diligently continues and completes
all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. Each of the following events
shall constitute an Investor Note Default: 

7.1.           Failure
to Pay . Investor s failure to make any payment when due and payable under this Note (a   Payment Default  ); 

7.2.           Breaches
of Covenants . Investor s failure to observe or perform any other covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained
in this Note; 

7.3.           Representations
and Warranties . If any representation, warranty, certificate, or other statement (financial or otherwise) made or furnished
by or on behalf of Investor to Company in writing in connection with this Note or any of the other Transaction Documents, or as
an inducement to Company to enter into the Purchase Agreement, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made or
furnished; and 

7.4.           Involuntary
Bankruptcy . If any involuntary petition is filed under any bankruptcy or similar law or rule against Investor, and such petition
is not dismissed within sixty (60) days, or a receiver, trustee, liquidator, assignee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar
official is appointed to take possession of any of the assets or properties of Investor. 

8.           Binding
Effect; Assignment . This Note shall be binding on the Parties and their respective heirs, successors, and assigns;  provided ,
 however , that neither Party shall assign any of its rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party,
except that Investor may assign this Note to any of its Affiliates without the prior written consent of Company and, furthermore,
Company agrees that it shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its consent to any other assignment of this Note by
Investor. 

9.           Governing
Law; Venue . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement
to determine the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. 

10.          Purchase
Agreement; Arbitration of Disputes . By acceptance of this Note, each Party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms, conditions
and general provisions of the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including without limitation the Arbitration
Provisions attached as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement. 

11.          Customer
Identification USA Patriot Act Notice . Company hereby notifies Investor that pursuant to the requirements of the USA
Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001) (the   Act  ), and Company s
policies and practices, Company is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and documentation that identifies
Investor, which information includes the name and address of Investor and such other information that will allow Company to identify
Investor in accordance with the Act. 

12.          Lawful
Interest . It being the intention of Company and Investor to comply with all applicable laws with regard to the interest charged
hereunder, it is agreed that, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Note or any of the other Transaction Documents,
no such provision, including without limitation any provision of this Note providing for the payment of interest or other charges,
shall require the payment or permit the collection of any amount in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted by law to
be charged for the use or detention, or the forbearance in the collection, of all or any portion of the indebtedness evidenced
by this Note or by any extension or renewal hereof (  Excess Interest  ). If any Excess Interest is provided for,
or is adjudicated to be provided for, in this Note, then in such event: 

12.1.          the
provisions of this Section 12 shall govern and control; 

12.2.          Investor
shall not be obligated to pay any Excess Interest; 

12.3.          any
Excess Interest that Company may have received hereunder shall, at the option of Company, be (i) applied as a credit against the
principal balance due under this Note or the accrued and unpaid interest thereon not to exceed the maximum amount permitted by
law, or both, (ii) refunded to Investor, or (iii) any combination of the foregoing; 

12.4.          the
applicable interest rate or rates shall be automatically subject to reduction to the maximum lawful rate allowed to be contracted
for in writing under the applicable governing usury laws, and this Note and the Transaction Documents shall be deemed to have been,
and shall be, reformed and modified to reflect such reduction in such interest rate or rates; and 

12.5.          Investor
shall not have any action or remedy against Company for any damages whatsoever or any defense to enforcement of this Note or arising
out of the payment or collection of any Excess Interest. 

13.          Pronouns .
Regardless of their form, all words used in this Note shall be deemed singular or plural and shall have the gender as required
by the text. 

14.          Headings .
The various headings used in this Note as headings for sections or otherwise are for convenience and reference only and shall not
be used in interpreting the text of the section in which they appear and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meanings thereof. 

15.          Time
is of the Essence . Time is of the essence with this Note. 

16.          Severability .
If any part of this Note is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of the
Parties to the fullest extent permitted by law and the balance of this Note shall remain in full force and effect. 

17.          Attorneys 
Fees . If any arbitration or action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce this Note or to collect payment under this Note,
Company shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys  fees directly related to such enforcement or collection actions. 

18.          Amendments
and Waivers; Remedies . No failure or delay on the part of either Party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies provided for herein are cumulative
and are not exclusive of any remedies that may be available to either Party hereto at law, in equity or otherwise. Any amendment,
supplement or modification of or to any provision of this Note, any waiver of any provision of this Note, and any consent to any
departure by either Party from the terms of any provision of this Note, shall be effective (i) only if it is made or given in writing
and signed by Investor and Company and (ii) only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given. 

19.          Notices .
Unless otherwise provided for herein, all notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be given
in accordance with the subsection of the Purchase Agreement titled  Notices.  Either Party may change the address to
which notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by providing notice thereof in
the manner set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

20.          Final
Note . This Note, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains the complete understanding and agreement of Investor
and Company and supersedes all prior representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements, understandings, and negotiations of
Investor and Company with respect to the subject matter of the Transaction Documents. THIS NOTE, TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS, REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF ANY ALLEGED PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS,
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

21.          Waiver
of Jury Trial . EACH OF INVESTOR AND COMPANY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED
BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE,
LAW, RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTY S
RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY. 

[ Remainder of page intentionally left blank;
signature page follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Parties have executed this Note as of the date set forth above. 

INVESTOR:  

Chicago Venture Partners, L.P.    

By: 
     Chicago Venture Management, L.L.C.,  

its General Partner  

By:  
     CVM, Inc., its Manager  

By: 
     /s/ John M. Fife  

John M. Fife, President  

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

COMPANY:  

Notis
Global, Inc.   

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name:   
     Jeffrey Goh 

Title:   
     President and Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature Page to Secured Investor Note
#1 ] 

</EX-10.03>

<EX-10.04>
 5
 s104312_ex10-04.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.04

Exhibit 10.04  

Membership Interest Pledge Agreement 

This MEMBERSHIP INTEREST
PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ) is entered into as of May 20, 2016 (the   Effective Date  )
by and between  Notis Global, Inc. , a Nevada corporation (  Company  ),
and  Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. , a Utah limited partnership (the   Pledgor  ). 

A.          Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement of even date herewith by and between the Pledgor and
Company (the   Purchase Agreement  ), the Pledgor has issued to Company a series of eight (8) Secured Investor
Notes, each in the principal amount of $125,000.00 (collectively, the   Notes  ). All capitalized terms used but
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Purchase Agreement. 

B.          The
Pledgor has agreed to pledge a 60% membership interest in Typenex Medical, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company (  Typenex
Medical  ), to secure the Pledgor s performance of its obligations under all of the Notes. 

C.          Company
is willing to accept the Notes only upon receiving the Pledgor s pledge of such membership interest as set forth in this
Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises, the mutual covenants and conditions contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1.           Grant
of Security Interest . The Pledgor hereby pledges to Company as collateral and security for the Secured Obligations (as defined
in Section 2) a 60% membership interest in Typenex Medical (the   Pledged   Interest  ). Company shall have
the right to exercise the rights and remedies set forth herein and in the Notes if a Payment Default (as defined in the Notes)
shall occur. Such Pledged Interest, together with any additions, replacements, accessions or substitutes therefor or proceeds thereof,
are hereinafter referred to collectively as the   Collateral  . 

2.           Secured
Obligations . During the term hereof, the Collateral shall secure the performance by the Pledgor of all of its payment obligations
under each and every one of the Notes (the   Secured Obligations  ). 

3.           Perfection
of Security Interests . The Pledgor hereby authorizes Company to file and record, as the Pledgor s attorney-in-fact, any
financing statements, any carbon, photographic or other reproduction of a financing statement, or other paper that may be necessary
in order to create, preserve, perfect or validate any security interest or to enable Company to exercise and enforce its rights
hereunder with respect to any of the Collateral. 

4.           Representations
and Warranties of the Pledgor . The Pledgor represents and warrants hereby to Company as follows with respect to the Pledged
Interest. 

4.1.          The
Pledgor has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to pledge the Collateral for the purposes described
herein and to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

4.2.           Title . The Pledgor is the sole owner of the Pledged Interest, having good and marketable title thereto;  provided, however ,
that the Pledged Interest may be subject to other liens and encumbrances. The Pledged Interest is subject to the applicable transfer
restrictions which may be imposed under the operating agreement of Typenex Medical or other governing documents of Typenex Medical
or applicable federal and state securities laws. 

4.3.           Binding
Effect . The execution, delivery and performance by such Pledgor of this Agreement and the pledge of the Collateral hereunder
have been duly and properly authorized and do not and will not result in any material violation of any agreement, indenture, instrument,
license, judgment, decree, order, law, statute, ordinance or other governmental rule or regulation applicable to such Pledgor. 

4.4.          This
Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Pledgor enforceable against such Pledgor in accordance with
its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors  rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 

4.5.          The
Pledgor is the direct and beneficial owner of all Pledged Interest. 

4.6.          All
of the Pledged Interests have been duly authorized, validly issued and, to the extent such concept is applicable, are fully paid
and nonassessable. 

4.7.          This
Agreement creates and grants a valid lien on and perfected security interest in the Collateral. 

4.8.          None
of the Pledged Interests has been issued or transferred in violation of the securities registration, securities disclosure or similar
laws of any jurisdiction to which such issuance or transfer may be subject. 

4.9.          There
are no pending or, to the best of each Pledgor s knowledge, threatened actions or proceedings before any court, judicial
body, administrative agency or arbitrator which may materially adversely affect the Collateral. 

4.10.         No
consent, approval, authorization or other order of any Person and no consent, authorization, approval or other action by, and no
notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required by any Pledgor for the pledge of the Collateral
pursuant to this Agreement or for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, except as may be required in connection
with such disposition by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally. 

4.11.         No
notification of the pledge evidenced hereby to any Person is required. 

4.12.         The
Pledged Interests constitute the indicated percentage of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of Typenex
Medical set forth in the recitals above. 

4.13.         As
of the date hereof, there are no existing options, warrants, calls or commitments of any such character whatsoever relating to
any Pledged Interests and no indebtedness or other security convertible into any Pledged Interests. 

5.           Preservation
of the Value of the Collateral . The Pledgor shall pay all taxes, charges, and assessments against the Collateral and do all
acts necessary to preserve and maintain the value thereof. 

6.           Collection
of Distributions and Interest . During the term of this Agreement and so long as no Payment Default has occurred and is continuing
under any of the Notes, the Pledgor is authorized to collect all distributions, interest payments, and other amounts that may be,
or may become, due on any of the Collateral. 

7.           Voting
Rights . Unless and until Company has rightfully exercised its rights under this Agreement to foreclose its security interest
in the Collateral, the Pledgor shall have the right to exercise any voting rights evidenced by, or relating to, the Collateral. 

8.           Company
Not a Member or Partner . The pledge of the Pledged Interest hereunder does not, in and of itself, constitute an assignment
of any rights  or  obligations of the Pledgor as a member in or of Typenex Medical. Company is not, in any manner or respect,
a member, partner or joint venturer in or with Typenex Medical. 

9.           Remedies
upon Default . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Payment Default under any of the Notes (  Event of
Default  ), Company may exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein
or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party on default under applicable law (irrespective of whether
such applies to the affected items of Collateral). The Pledgor agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law,
at least fifteen (15) calendar days  notice to the Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which
a private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. 

10.          Termination
of Agreement and Security Interests . Company covenants and agrees that on the earlier of (i) the date on which all of the Notes
are repaid in full and (ii) at Pledgor s option, the date that is six (6) months and three (3) days following the Effective
Date, or such later date as specified by the Pledgor in its sole discretion (the   Termination Date  ), this Agreement
and all security interests granted hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall terminate (and all such security interests shall
be deemed released). At the Termination Date, Pledgor, as Company s attorney-in-fact, shall be authorized to terminate all
UCC Financing Statements (Form UCC1) (each a   Financing Statement  ) filed hereunder by way of filing a UCC Financing
Statement Amendment (Form UCC3) with respect to each such Financing Statement, and to take all other action (including making all
filings) necessary to reflect that this Agreement and the security interests granted hereunder have terminated. Any portion of
the Collateral held by or on behalf of Company shall be returned to the Pledgor within five (5) business days of the Termination
Date and Company shall timely execute and deliver to the Pledgor, and file and/or record, as necessary, all such documents as the
Pledgor shall reasonably request to evidence the termination of this Agreement and all security interests granted hereunder and
the return of the Collateral to the Pledgor. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all provisions of this Agreement
that by their nature are intended to survive the termination of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

11.          Substitution
of Collateral . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Pledgor may, in the Pledgor s sole discretion, add
additional collateral to the Collateral and/or may substitute Collateral as the Pledgor deems fit, provided that the fair market
value of the substituted Collateral may not be less than the aggregate principal balance of the Notes as of the date of any such
substitution. Subject to the terms of this Section 11, Pledgor, as Company s attorney-in-fact, shall be authorized to file
a UCC Financing Statement Amendment (Form UCC3) with respect to each applicable Financing Statement to reflect such substitution
of Collateral. Any portion of the Collateral replaced by the substituted Collateral that is held by or on behalf of Company shall
be returned to the Pledgor within five (5) business days of Pledgor s written notice of substitution, and Company shall timely
execute and deliver to the Pledgor, and file and/or record, as necessary, all such documents as the Pledgor shall reasonably request
to evidence such substitution of Collateral. 

12.          Application
of Collateral Proceeds . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, any cash held by Company as
Collateral and all cash proceeds received by Company in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon all
or any part of the Collateral pursuant to the exercise by Company of its remedies as a secured creditor as provided in Section
9 shall be paid to and applied as follows: 

12.1.            First  ,
to the payment of reasonable costs and expenses, including all amounts expended to preserve the value of the Collateral, of foreclosure
or suit, if any, and of such sale and the exercise of any other rights or remedies, and of all proper fees, expenses, liability
and advances, including reasonable legal expenses and attorneys  fees, incurred or made hereunder by Company; 

12.2.            Second  ,
to the payment to Company of the amount then owing or unpaid on the Notes (to be applied first to accrued interest and second to
outstanding principal); and 

12.3.            Third  ,
to the payment of the surplus, if any, to the Pledgor, its assigns, or to whosoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same. 

13.          Expenses .
The Pledgor agrees to pay and reimburse Company upon demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) that Company may incur in connection with (a) the custody, use or preservation of,
or the sale of, collection from or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, (b) the exercise or enforcement of any rights
or remedies granted hereunder, under any of the Notes or otherwise available to it (whether at law, in equity or otherwise), or
(c) the failure by the Pledgor to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof. 

14.          Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the
Purchase Agreement to determine the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. 

15.          Waiver
of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING
OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY.
THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE
OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING ITS RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY
JURY. 

16.          Purchase
Agreement; Arbitration of Disputes . By executing this Agreement, each party agrees to be bound by the terms, conditions and
general provisions of the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), including
without limitation the Arbitration Provisions set forth as an Exhibit to the Purchase Agreement. 

17.          Waivers
and Amendments .   

17.1.           Non-waiver .
No failure or delay on either party s part in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any
other right nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other further exercise thereof or of any other
right. 

17.2.           Amendments
and Waivers . This Agreement may not be amended or modified, nor may any of its terms be waived, except by written instruments
signed by the Pledgor and Company. Each waiver or consent under any provision hereof shall be effective only in the specific instances
for the purpose for which given. 

18.          Notices .
Unless otherwise provided for herein, all notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be given
in accordance with the subsection of the Purchase Agreement titled  Notices.  Either party may change the address to
which notices, requests, demands, claims or other communications hereunder are to be delivered by providing notice thereof in the
manner set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

19.          Headings .
Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute
a part of this Agreement or be given any substantive effect. 

20.          Attorneys 
Fees . Without limiting any other provision contained herein, in the event of any action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret
the terms of this Agreement, the parties agree that the party who is awarded the most money (which, for the avoidance of doubt,
shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) shall be deemed
the prevailing party for all purposes and shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys 
fees and expenses paid by such prevailing party in connection with the litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment
based upon the individual claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair a court s
power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. 

21.          Construction
and Interpretation . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and each
party has been represented by its or its own legal counsel. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises,
this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring
or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

22.          Successor
and Assigns; Assignment . The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and, subject to the provisions of
this Section, the benefits thereof shall insure to, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns;  provided,
however,  that the rights, interests or obligations of Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise,
in whole or in part, by Company without the prior written consent of the Pledgor, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion
of the Pledgor;  provided, however , that in the case of a merger, sale of substantially all of Company s assets or
other corporate reorganization, the Pledgor shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay such consent, and if for any reason
such consent is withheld or delayed, the Company shall have a right to terminate this Agreement and release the Pledged Interests. 

23.          Severability .
If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the
objective of the parties to the fullest extent permitted by law and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect. 

24.          Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Purchase Agreement and Notes and all other Transaction Documents, constitute and
contain the entire agreement between Company and the Pledgor and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

25.          Counterparts;
Facsimile Execution . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by
facsimile or email shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

[ Remainder of page intentionally left
blank; signature page follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgor and
Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their officers thereunto, as applicable, duly
authorized as of the date first written above. 

PLEDGOR:  

Chicago Venture Partners, L.P.    

By: 
     Chicago Venture Management, L.L.C.,  

its General Partner  

By: CVM, Inc., its Manager  

By: 
     /s/ John M. Fife  

John M. Fife, President  

COMPANY: 

Notis Global, Inc.   

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Printed Name:  
     Jeffrey Goh  

Title: 
     President and Chief Executive Officer  

[Signature
Page to Membership Interest Pledge Agreement]  

</EX-10.04>

<EX-10.05>
 6
 s104312_ex10-05.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.05

Exhibit 10.05  

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this  Agreement )
is dated as of June 22, 2016, between Notis Global, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), and each purchaser
identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a  Purchaser  and collectively,
the  Purchasers ).   

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser,
and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully
described in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual
covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:   

ARTICLE I.  

  DEFINITIONS  

1.1   Definitions.  In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set
forth in this Section 1.1: 

Acquiring Person  shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7. 

Action  shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j). 

Affiliate  means any
Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.   

Board of Directors  means
the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day  means any
day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing
Date(s)  means the Trading Day(s) on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the
applicable parties thereto in connection with a Closing, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchaser s
obligations to pay the Subscription Amount as to such Closing and (ii) the Company s obligations to deliver the
Securities as to such Closing, in each case, have been satisfied or waived. 

Closing(s)  means the one or more
closings of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.2. 

Closing Statement  means
the Closing Statement in the form on  Annex A  attached hereto. 

Commission  means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock  means the common
stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be
reclassified or changed.   

Common Stock Equivalents  means
any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.   

Company Counsel  means
Manatt, Phelps   Phillips, LLP. 

Conversion Price  shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures. 

Conversion Shares  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures. 

Debenture  means the
10% Convertible Debenture due, subject to the terms therein, twelve (12) months from their date of issuance, issued by the Company
to the Purchaser hereunder, in the form of  Exhibit A  attached hereto. 

Disclosure Schedules  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1. 

Equity Incentive Plan  means the Company s existing equity
incentive plan, as amended. 

Evaluation Date  shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(r). 

Exchange Act  means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   

Exempt Issuance  means the issuance
of (i) shares of Common Stock or options or restricted stock units to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company
approved by the Board of Directors, (ii) securities issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents or upon the exercise or exchange
of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, (iii) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or
strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the
equity  holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset
in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to
the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose
of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (iv) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant
to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial
institution approved by the Board of Directors, and (v) shares of Common Stock with respect to which the holders of a majority
of the outstanding Debentures waive their anti-dilution rights.   

FCPA  means the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

GAAP  shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Indebtedness  means
(x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $150,000 (other than trade accounts payable or for
services provided incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company s
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in
excess of $150,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. 

Intellectual Property Rights 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o). 

Legend Removal Date  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c). 

Liens  means a lien, charge, pledge,
security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Material Adverse Effect  shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b). 

Material Permits  shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m). 

Maximum Rate  shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 5.17. 

Person  means an individual or
corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock
company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.   

Pre-Notice  shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).   

Principal Amount  means, as to
each Purchaser, the amounts set forth below such Purchaser s signature block on the signature pages hereto next to the heading
 Principal Amount,  in United States Dollars, which shall equal such Purchaser s Subscription Amount as to the
applicable Closing.   

Pro Rata Portion  shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(e). 

Proceeding  means an action, claim,
suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition),
whether commenced or threatened.   

Public Information Failure  shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b). 

Public Information Failure Payments 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).   

Purchaser Party  shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10. 

Required Approvals  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 

Required Minimum  means, as of
any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant to
the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon conversion in full of all Debentures (including Underlying
Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Debentures), ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set forth therein, and assuming
that the Conversion Price is at all times on and after the date of determination 100% of the then Conversion Price on the Trading
Day immediately prior to the date of determination.    

Rule 144  means Rule 144 promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation
hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC Reports  shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Security Agreement 
means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, between the Company and the Purchaser, in the form of  Exhibit C  attached
hereto. 

Securities  means the Debentures
and the Underlying Shares.   

Securities Act  means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   

Short Sales  means all  short
sales  as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act   

Subscription Amount 
means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Debentures purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchaser s
name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading  Subscription Amount,  in United States dollars
and in immediately available funds.   

Subsidiary  means
any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.   

Trading Day  means a
day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.   

Trading Market  means
any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE MKT; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; OTC
Markets or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing).   

Tranche(s)  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.   

Transaction Documents 
means this Agreement, the Debentures, the Security Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.   

Transfer Agent  means
Action Stock Transfer, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd, Suite 214,
Salt Lake City, UT 84121 and a phone number of (801) 274-1088, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.   

Transfer Agent Instruction
Letter  means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent which instructs the Transfer Agent to issue Underlying Shares
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the form of  Exhibit D  attached hereto.   

Underlying Shares  means
the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Debentures and issued and issuable in lieu
of the cash payment of interest on the Debentures in accordance with the terms of the Debentures. 

ARTICLE II.  

  PURCHASE AND SALE  

2.1   Purchase.  The
Purchaser will purchase an aggregate of $240,000 in Subscription Amount of Debentures in two tranches (each, a  Closing ),
with the first tranche of $120,000 being closed on upon execution of this Agreement and the second tranche of $120,000 being closed
upon on July 8, 2016.    

2.2   Closing.  On
each Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser, severally and not
jointly, agrees to purchase, such Purchaser s Closing Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto
executed by such Purchaser.  At the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a
certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser s Subscription Amount as set forth on the
signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, less a fee payable to the Purchaser in the amount equal to 5% of such
Subscription Amount, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Debenture, as determined pursuant to
Section 2.3(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.3 deliverable at the
Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 for the Closing, the
Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 

2.3   Deliveries. 

(a)        On or prior to
each Closing Date (except as noted), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following: 

(i)  this Agreement duly
executed by the Company; 

(ii)  the Security
Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(iii) the Transfer Agent Instruction
Letter duly executed by the Company and the Transfer Agent; and 

(iv) a Debenture with a principal
amount equal to such Purchaser s Principal Amount as to the applicable Closing, registered in the name of such Purchaser. 

(b)        On or prior to
each Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following: 

(i) 
 this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;   

(ii) 
 the Security Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(iii) such Purchaser s Subscription
Amount as to the applicable Closing by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company. 

2.4   Closing Conditions. 

(a)   The obligations
of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i)   the accuracy
in all material respects on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 

(ii)   all obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been
performed; and 

(iii)  the delivery by
each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 

(b)         The respective obligations
of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i)   the accuracy
in all material respects when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein); 

(ii) all obligations, covenants
and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed; 

(iii) the delivery by the Company
of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement; 

(iv)   there is no
existing Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of
notice, would constitute an Event of Default; 

(v)   there shall
have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and 

(vi)   from the date
hereof to the applicable Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission  or
the Company s principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing Date, trading in securities generally
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities
whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by
the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities
or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial
market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, and without regard to any factors unique to such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the applicable Closing. 

ARTICLE III.  

  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  

3.1   Representations and Warranties
of the Company.  Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof
and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser as of the
date hereof: 

(a)   Subsidiaries.  All
of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a).  The Company owns,
directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens,
and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  If the Company
has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be
disregarded. 

(b)   Organization
and Qualification.  The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the
requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its
respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents.  Each of
the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or
other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have
or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any
Transaction Document; (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (iii) a material adverse effect on the
Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document
(any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a  Material Adverse Effect ) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or
qualification. 

(c)   Authorization;
Enforcement.  The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations hereunder and thereunder.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the
Board of Directors or the Company s stockholders in connection herewith  or therewith other than in
connection with the Required Approvals.  This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights generally;
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies;
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d)   No
Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s or any
Subsidiary s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; (ii)
conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
result in the creation of any Lien (except Liens in favor of the Purchaser) upon any of the properties or assets of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any
property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected; or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any
court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws
and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case
of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(e)   Filings,
Consents and Approvals.  The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give
any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction
Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the
Conversion Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iii) the filing of Form D and 8-K with the
Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the
 Required Approvals ). 

(f)   Issuance of the Securities.  The
Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  The Company shall have reserved
from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal
to 200% of the Required Minimum on the date hereof. 

(g)   Capitalization.  The
capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of
shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The Company has
not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the
exercise of employee stock options under the Equity Incentive Plan, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Company s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock
Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act.  Other
than with regard to Exempt Issuances, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or
any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Except as a result
of the purchase and sale of the Securities and securities issued to employees, officers or directors, or former employees,
officers or directors and other service providers or former service providers of the Company pursuant to the Equity Incentive
Plan or otherwise, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or
arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents.  The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of
Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of
Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in
violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  No further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the
Securities.  Other than as set forth on  Schedule 3.1(g),  there are no stockholders agreements, voting
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or,
to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company s stockholders. 

(h)   SEC
Reports; Financial Statements.  The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or
regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by
reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the  SEC Reports ).  As of their respective
dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as
applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule
144(i) under the Securities Act.  The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved ( GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and
except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material
respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal,
immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.    

(i)   Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments.  Since the filing of the Company s Form 10-Q
for the period ended March 31, 2016: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements pursuant to GAAP
or disclosed in filings made with the Commission; (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting; (iv) the
Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased,
redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock; and (v) the Company has not issued any
equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan or as set forth in the
SEC Reports.  Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, or the Exempt Issuances
no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur
or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets
or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time
this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to
the date that this representation is made.   

(j)   Litigation.  Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective
properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an  Action ) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality,
validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary,
nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability
under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  Other than as set forth in the SEC
Reports, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by
the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company that is likely to lead to
action that can reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Other than as set forth in the SEC
Reports, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by
the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.  The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company
or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(k)   Labor Relations.  No
labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the Company s or its Subsidiaries 
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good.  To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the
Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality,
disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive
covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters.  The Company and its Subsidiaries
are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l)   Compliance.  Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not
been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under),
nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or  that it is in
violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which
it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any
judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of
any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal,
state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety
and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(m)   Regulatory Permits.  The
Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where
the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect ( Material Permits ),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
any Material Permit. 

(n)   Title to Assets.  The
Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable
title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case
free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the
payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the
payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties.  Any real property and facilities held under lease by
the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the
Subsidiaries are in compliance. 

(o)   Intellectual Property.  The
Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar
rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as presently
conducted and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the  Intellectual Property
Rights ).  None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that
any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be
abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received,
since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise
has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not
have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing  infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property
Rights.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p)   Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees.  Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and for the Exempt Issuances, none of the
officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the
Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services
as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of
services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from providing for the borrowing of money from or
lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer,
director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered; (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company; and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option or stock award agreements under the Equity Incentive Plan.   

(q)   Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls.  The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and
regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the applicable
Closing Date.  Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with management s general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.  The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and
procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms.  The Company s certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the  Evaluation Date ).  The Company presented in
its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about
the  effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation
Date.  Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(r)   Certain Fees.  Other
than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), no brokerage or finder s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
or any Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person
with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The Purchaser shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(s)   Private Placement.  Assuming
the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities
Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated hereby. The issuance and
sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. 

(t)   Investment Company. The
Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate
of, an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an  investment company  subject to registration under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(u)   Registration Rights.  Other
than with regard to the Exempt Issuances, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities
Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiaries. 

(v)   Listing and
Maintenance Requirements.  The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the
registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is
contemplating terminating such registration.  The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date
hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that
the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has
no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and
maintenance requirements. 

(w)   Application of Takeover
Protections.  The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other
similar anti-takeover provision under the Company s certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchaser and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result
of the Company s issuance of the Securities and the Purchaser s ownership of the Securities. 

(x)   Disclosure.  Except
with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchaser or their agents or counsel with any
information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information.  The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.  All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct
and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.     The
Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 

(y)   No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act
which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder
approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated. 

(z)   No General Solicitation.
Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general
solicitation or general advertising.  The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser and certain
other  accredited investors  within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

(aa)   Foreign
Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly,
used any funds for  unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or
domestic political activity; (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to
any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds; (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which
is  in violation of law; or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 

(bb)   Accountants.  The
Company s accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(bb) of the Disclosure Schedules.  To the knowledge and
belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act. 

(cc)   No Disagreements with
Accountants and Lawyers.  There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the
Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company. 

(dd)   Acknowledgment Regarding
Purchaser s Purchase of Securities.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchaser is acting solely
in the capacity of an arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby.  The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice
given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchaser s purchase of the Securities.  The Company
further represents to each Purchaser that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 

(ee)   Regulation
M Compliance.  The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any
compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any
compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii), compensation paid to the Company s placement agent in connection with the placement of the Securities. 

(ff)   Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Equity Incentive Plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan, and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted
under the Equity Incentive Plan has been backdated.  The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has
been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant
of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or
its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects. 

(gg)   Office of Foreign Assets
Control.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company s knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ( OFAC ). 

(hh)   U.S. Real Property Holding
Corporation.  The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser s request. 

(ii)   Bank Holding Company
Act.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the  BHCA ) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal
Reserve ).  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.  Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

(jj) Tax Status. Except for
matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, the Company (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes
and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.  There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the
Company know of no basis for any such claim. 

(kk) Seniority.  As of each Closing
Date, no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the Debentures in right of payment, whether with respect
to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests
(which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property
covered thereby). 

(ll)   Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchaser s Trading Activity.  Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.12 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the Purchaser has not
been asked by the Company to agree, nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities
of the Company, or  derivative  securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for
any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation,
Short Sales or  derivative  transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions,
may negatively impact the market price of the Company s publicly-traded securities; (iii) the Purchaser, and counter-parties
in  derivative  transactions to which the Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a  short 
position in the Common Stock; and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm s
length counter-party in any  derivative  transaction.  The Company further understands and acknowledges that
(y) one or more Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding,
including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities
are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders  equity
interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted.  The Company acknowledges
that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.   

(mm) Money Laundering.  The
operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the  Money Laundering Laws ),
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
threatened. 

3.2   Representations and Warranties
of the Purchaser.  The Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein): 

(a)   Organization;
Authority.  Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser.  Each
Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(b)   Own Account.  Such
Purchaser understands that the Securities are  restricted securities  and have not been registered under the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view
to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding
the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchaser s right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws).  Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c)   Purchaser Status.  At
the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts
any Debentures it will be an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under
the Securities Act. 

(d)   Experience of
Such Purchaser.  Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.  Such Purchaser is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(e)   General Solicitation.  Such
Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

(f)   Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality.  Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly
or indirectly, nor has any Person  acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed
any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that
such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting
forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage
separate portions of such Purchaser s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser s assets, the representation set forth above shall
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, such Purchaser has maintained
the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this
transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares
to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
representations contained in Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser s right to rely on the Company s
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction
Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of
the transaction contemplated hereby.   

ARTICLE IV.  

  OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES  

4.1   Transfer Restrictions. 

(a)   The Securities
may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws.  In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in
connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company
an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred
Securities under the Securities Act.  As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound
by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement. 

(b)   The Purchasers
agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form: 

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [CONVERTIBLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES
ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.  THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON [CONVERSION] OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER
OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN  ACCREDITED INVESTOR  AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.   

The Company acknowledges and agrees that a
Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security
interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an  accredited investor  as defined in
Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under the
terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties.  Such
a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured
party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith.  Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge.  At
the appropriate Purchaser s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured
party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.   

(c)   Certificates evidencing
the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act; (ii) following any sale of such Underlying
Shares pursuant to Rule 144; (iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without the need for current
public information; or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission).  The Company shall upon request of a Purchaser
and at such Purchaser s expense cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after any of the
events described in (i)-(iv) in the preceding sentence if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder
(with a copy to the applicable Purchaser and its broker).  If all or any portion of a Debenture is converted at a time
when there is an  effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying
Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information or if such legend is not otherwise required under
applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the
Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all legends.  The Company agrees that at such time as
such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than two Trading Days following the delivery by
a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a
restrictive legend (such third Trading Day, the  Legend Removal Date ), instruct the Transfer Agent to deliver or cause
to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends.  The
Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section 4.  Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchaser s prime broker with the Depository Trust
Company System as directed by such Purchaser. 

(d)  In addition to such
Purchaser s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without
a legend.  Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser s right to pursue actual damages for the Company s failure
to deliver certificates representing any Securities as required by the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser shall have the
right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief.   

4.2   Acknowledgment of Dilution.  The
Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which
dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions.  The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless
of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect
that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company. 

4.3   Furnishing of Information;
Public Information. 

(a) Until the earliest time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g)
of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all
reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(b)    At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all
of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise
without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current
public information requirement under Rule 144(c) (a  Public Information Failure ) then, in addition to such
Purchaser s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and
not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal
to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Purchaser s Securities on the day of a Public
Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30 th ) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days)
thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public
information is no longer required  for the Purchasers to transfer the Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule
144.  The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as
 Public Information Failure Payments.   Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the
earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii)
the third (3 rd ) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is
cured.  In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public
Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in
full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser s right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure,
and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.   

4.4   Integration.  The
Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require
the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the
Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.   

4.5   Conversion and Exercise
Procedures.  The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Debentures sets forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchaser in order to convert the Debentures.  Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice
of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Conversion form be required in order to convert the Debenture.  No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchaser to convert the Debenture.  The Company shall honor conversions of the Debenture and
shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

4.6   Shareholder Rights Plan.  No
claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an  Acquiring
Person  under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could
be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 

4.7   Non-Public Information.  Except
with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company covenants
and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with
any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall
have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information.  The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. 

4.8   Use of Proceeds.  The
Company shall use the net proceeds hereunder for dispensary and cultivation license costs, dispensary and cultivation facility
build-out costs, Vaporfection marketing and product costs and for sales, engineering and general and administrative expenses of
the Company. 

4.9   Indemnification of Purchasers.  Subject
to the provisions of this Section 4.9, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a  Purchaser Party ) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys  fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer
or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by
the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties
in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such
Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based
upon a breach of such Purchaser Party s representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements
or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such  Purchaser Party
of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct
or malfeasance).  If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought
pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify  the Company in writing, and the Company shall
have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party.  Any
Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time
to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel.  The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the
Company s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the
extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.  The
indemnification required by this Section 4.9 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred.  The indemnity agreements contained herein
shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities
the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.10   Reservation and Listing
of Securities. 

(a)   The Company shall
maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount
as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents. 

(b)   Subject to clause
4.10(a), if, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved for parties other than the Purchaser)
shares of Common Stock is less than 200% of the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to either cause a reverse split of the Common Stock or amend the Company s certificate or articles of
incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least 200% of the Required Minimum
at such time, as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75 th  day after such date. 

(c)   The Company shall,
if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an
additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the
date of such application; (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation
on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter; (iii) provide to the Purchaser evidence of such listing or quotation; and
(iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on
such Trading Market or another Trading Market. 

4.11   Equal Treatment of Purchasers.  No
consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent
to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties
to this Agreement. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest on the Debentures in amounts which
are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Debentures at any applicable time.  For clarification
purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each
Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers
acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 

4.12   Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any Short Sales, of any of the Company s securities
during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending on  the date that the Debentures are no
longer outstanding (provided that this provision shall not prohibit any sales made where a corresponding Notice of Conversion is
tendered to the Company and the shares received upon such conversion or exercise are used to close out such sale) (a  Prohibited
Short Sale ).   

4.13 Right of First Refusal.   

(a)   From the date
hereof until the date that is the 12-month anniversary of the last Closing, upon any issuance by the Company of Common Stock, Common
Stock Equivalents or debt for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units hereof (a  Subsequent Financing ),
the Purchaser shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100% of the Subsequent
Financing (the  Participation Maximum ) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.    

(b) At least three (3) Trading Days
prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a written notice of its intention
to effect a Subsequent Financing ( Pre-Notice ), which Pre-Notice shall ask the Purchaser if it wants to review the
details of such financing (such additional notice, a  Subsequent Financing Notice ).  Upon the request of
the Purchaser, and only upon a request by the Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no
later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to the Purchaser.  The Subsequent
Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended
to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and
shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.    

(c)  If the Purchaser desires
to participate in such Subsequent Financing, the Purchaser must provide written notice to the Company that the Purchaser is willing
to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of the Purchaser s participation, and representing and warranting
that the Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing
Notice.    

(d)   If notifications
by the Purchaser of its willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate) is,
in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of
such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.    

(e)   The Company must
provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation set
forth above in this Section 4.13, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not consummated
for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within thirty (30) Trading Days after the date of the
initial Subsequent Financing Notice. 

(f)   The Company and
the Purchaser agree that if the Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related
to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision whereby the Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions
on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or
grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser. 

(g)   Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 4.13 and unless otherwise agreed to by the Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm
in writing to the Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly
disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that such Purchaser
will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10 th ) Trading Day following delivery
of the Subsequent Financing Notice.  If by such tenth (10 th ) Trading Day, no public disclosure regarding a
transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction
has been received by the Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and the Purchaser shall not be deemed
to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.       

(h)   Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.13 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. 

4.14 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.  The
Company shall (a) by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the 2nd Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, issue a press
release  disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) by the 4 th  Trading
Day immediately following the date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto
(if required pursuant to the Exchange Act), with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.  From and
after the issuance of such 8-K, the Company represents to the Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public
information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and the
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor the Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without
the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the  Purchaser,
with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure
is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public
statement or communication.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser,
or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the
prior written consent of the Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with any registration statement
contemplated by this Agreement and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which
case the Company shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).    

4.15 Form D; Blue Sky Filings.  The
Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof,
promptly upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary
in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at the applicable Closing under applicable
securities or  Blue Sky  laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of the Purchaser. 

4.16 Variable Rate Transactions.  From
the date hereof until such time that the Purchaser and its Affiliates no longer hold at least $2,000,000 of debentures of the
Company in the aggregate; provided that at such time the Company has reserved from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock
for issuance to the Purchaser and its Affiliates a number of shares of Common Stock equal to at least 300% of the Required Minimum,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, other than with a pre-existing investor in the Company, effect or enter
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
(or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction without the prior written consent of the Purchaser.
  Variable Rate Transaction   means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity
securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common
Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with,
the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related
to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited
to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price.  In the event the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not follow the provisions of this Section 4.16, then the Purchaser shall be entitled to
obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to
collect damages. 

ARTICLE V.  

  MISCELLANEOUS  

5.1   Termination.  This
Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the First Closing has
not been consummated on or before June 22, 2016; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party
to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

5.2   Fees and Expenses.  The
Company shall deliver to each Purchaser, prior to each Closing, a completed and executed copy of the Closing Statement, attached
hereto as  Annex A .  Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by
such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction
letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and
duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser. 

5.3   Entire Agreement.  The
Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to
such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

5.4   Notices.  Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on a Trading Day; (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 12:00
p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day; (iii) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service; or (iv) upon actual  receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given.  The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto. 

5.5   Amendments; Waivers.  No
provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case
of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers holding at least 67% in interest of the Securities then outstanding or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.  No waiver of any default
with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future
or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay
or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 

5.6   Headings.  The
headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof. 

5.7   Successors and Assigns.  This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.  The
Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger).  Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to
the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the  Purchasers.  

5.8   No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.10. 

5.9   Governing Law.  All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party
hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with
respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit,
action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such  suit, action or proceeding by mailing a
copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in
effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other
manner permitted by law.   If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such
action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

5.10   Survival.  The
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closings and the delivery of the Securities. 

5.11   Execution.  This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a  .pdf  format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or  .pdf 
signature page were an original thereof. 

5.12   Severability. If any
term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that
they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.13   Rescission and Withdrawal
Right.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of
a conversion of a Debenture, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such
rescinded conversion notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company
for such shares. 

5.14   Replacement of Securities.  If
any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause
to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution
therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss,
theft or destruction.  The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any
reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 

5.15   Remedies.  In
addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents.  The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense
that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

5.16   Payment Set Aside. To
the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof
are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any
such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

5.17   Usury.  To
the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and
will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any
time hereafter in force, in connection with any claim, action or proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce
any right or remedy under any Transaction Document.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction
Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments
in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the  Maximum Rate ),
and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated
with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such
Maximum Rate.  It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction
Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date
thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law.  If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest
in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company  to any Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the
Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness
or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchaser s election. 

5.18   Independent Nature of
Purchasers  Obligations and Rights.  The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document.  Nothing contained herein
or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute
the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.  Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including,
without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.  Each Purchaser has been
represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. 

5.19   Liquidated Damages.  The
Company s obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid
notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are
due and payable shall have been canceled. 

5.21   Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc.  If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

5.22   Construction. The parties
agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every
reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and
forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement. 

5.23   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  IN
ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND
INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as
of the date first indicated above. 

Notis Global, Inc.  
       
      Address for Notice:   

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 
       
      Fax:   
 
      Name:  
     Jeffrey Goh 

Title:  
     CEO 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]   

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above. 

Name of Purchaser: Redwood Management,
    LLC  

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:  
     /s/ John DeNobile  

Name of Authorized Signatory:   
     John DeNobile  

Title of Authorized   
 
       Signatory:  
     Manager 

Email Address of Authorized   
 
      Signatory:  

Facsimile Number of Authorized   
 
      Signatory:  
     NA 

Address for Notice to Purchaser:   

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):   

Closing Principal Amount:   

Closing Subscription Amount:   

EIN Number:  

</EX-10.05>

<EX-10.06>
 7
 s104312_ex10-06.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.06

Exhibit 10.06  

EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT  

This Equity Purchase Agreement is entered
into as of the 22 nd  day of June, 2016 (this   Agreement  ), by and between Notis Global, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the   Company  ), and Redwood Management, LLC (the   Investor  ). 

WHEREAS , the
parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor,
from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase up to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) of the Company s
Common Stock (as defined below); 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I  

  CERTAIN DEFINITIONS  

Section 1.1  DEFINED
TERMS . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings
to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 

Agreement  
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. 

Bankruptcy
Law   means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 

Claim Notice  
shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). 

Clearing Costs  
shall mean all of the Investor s broker and Transfer Agent fees, excluding commissions. 

Clearing Date  
shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Put Shares as DWAC Shares in its brokerage account. 

Closing  
shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3. 

Closing Certificate  
shall mean the closing certificate of the Company substantially in the form of  Exhibit B  hereto. 

Closing Date  
shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder. 

Commitment
Debenture   shall mean the 10% Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of $100,000, substantially in the form of
 Exhibit C  hereto, issued by the Company to the Investor on June 22, 2016. 

Commitment
Period   shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the
Investor shall have purchased Put Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount or (ii) December 22,
2017. 

Common Stock  
shall mean the Company s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock
Equivalents   means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common
Stock. 

Company  
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Custodian  
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. 

Damages  
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees
and disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation). 

Dispute Period  
shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). 

DTC  
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company. 

DTC/FAST Program  
shall mean the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program. 

DWAC  
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC. 

DWAC Eligible  
shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTC s Operational Arrangements, including,
without limitation, transfer through DTC s DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTC s
underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Underlying Shares or Put
Shares, as applicable, are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting
or limiting delivery of the Underlying Shares or Put Shares, as applicable, via DWAC. 

DWAC Shares  
means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction
on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investor s or its designee s specified DWAC account with
DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function. 

Exchange Act  
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange Cap  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c). 

Execution
Date   shall mean the date of this Agreement. 

FINRA  
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

Indemnified
Party   shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2. 

Indemnifying
Party   shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2. 

Indemnity
Notice   shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(b). 

Investment
Amount   shall mean the Put Shares referenced in the Put Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price minus the Clearing Costs. 

Investor  
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Lien  
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Market Price  
shall mean the lowest VWAP on the Principal Market for any Trading Day during the Valuation Period. 

Material Adverse
Effect   shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and the
Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and/or any condition, circumstance,
or situation that would prohibit or otherwise interfere with, in any material respect, the ability of the Company to enter into
and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document. 

Maximum Commitment
Amount   shall mean Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000). 

Person  
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Principal
Market   shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e. NYSE, NYSE MKT, Nasdaq), or principal quotation systems (i.e.
OTCQX, OTCQB, the OTC Bulletin Board), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal
trading platform or market for the Common Stock. 

Purchase Price  
shall mean 80% of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the Valuation Period. 

Put  
shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. 

Put Date  
shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Put Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(b). 

Put Notice  
shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of  Exhibit A  hereto, to Investor setting forth the Put Shares which
the Company intends to require Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Put Shares  
shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put Notice in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Registration
Statement   shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4. 

Regulation
D   shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Required Minimum  
shall mean, as of any date, the number of shares of Common Stock potentially issuable pursuant to this Agreement calculated by
dividing $5,000,000 by the applicable Purchase Price. 

Rule 144  
shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act. 

SEC  
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Documents  
shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5. 

Securities  
means, collectively, the Put Shares, the Commitment Debenture and the Underlying Shares. 

Securities
Act   shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Short Sales  
shall mean all  short sales  as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act. 

Subsidiary  
means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting
stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act. 

Third Party
Claim   shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). 

Trading Day  
shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business. 

Transaction
Documents   shall mean this Agreement and the Commitment Debenture and all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto. 

Transfer Agent  
shall mean the transfer agent for the Common Stock (and to any substitute or replacement transfer agent for the Common Stock upon
the Company s appointment of any such substitute or replacement transfer agent). 

Transfer Agent
Instruction Letter   means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent which instructs the Transfer Agent to issue
the Put Shares and the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, substantially in the form of  Exhibit D  hereto. 

Underlying
Shares   means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Commitment Debenture
and issued and issuable in lieu of the cash payment of interest on the Commitment Debenture in accordance with the terms of the
Commitment Debenture. 

Valuation
Period   shall mean the period of ten (10) Trading Days immediately following the Clearing Date associated with the applicable
Put Notice during which the Purchase Price of the Common Stock is valued. The Investor shall notify the Company in writing of the
occurrence of the Clearing Date associated with a Put Notice. The Valuation Period shall begin the first Trading Day following
the Clearing Date. 

VWAP  
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Principal Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b)  if the OTC Bulletin Board is a Principal
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin
Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common
Stock are then reported in the  Pink Sheets  published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in
all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

ARTICLE II  

  PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK  

Section 2.1         PUTS .
Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII), the Company shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Put Notice from time to time,
to purchase Put Shares (i) in a minimum amount not less than $50,000 (unless agreed to in writing by the Investor) and (ii) in
a maximum amount up to the greater of (a) $50,000 or (b) 300% of the average daily trading volume of the Company s Common
Stock in the ten (10) Trading Days immediately preceding the Put Date .   

Section 2.2         MECHANICS . 

(a)                           PUT NOTICE .
At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, the Company may deliver a Put Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Put Shares as DWAC Shares
to the Investor within two (2) Trading Days following the Put Date. 

(b)                           DATE OF DELIVERY
OF PUT NOTICE . A Put Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the Trading Day it is received by email by the Investor if such
notice is received on or prior to 9:00 a.m. New York time or (ii) the immediately succeeding Trading Day if it is received by email
after 9:00 a.m. New York time on a Trading Day or at any time on a day which is not a Trading Day. The Valuation Period will commence
one (1) Trading Day following the Clearing Date. The Company may not deliver another Put Notice to the Investor during the Valuation
Period with respect to any Put. 

Section 2.3         CLOSINGS .
At the end of the Valuation Period the Purchase Price shall be established. If the value of the Put Shares delivered to the Investor
causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount, then immediately after the Valuation Period the Investor shall return
to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated with such Put and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall
be reduced by any Clearing Costs related to the return of such Put Shares. The Closing of a Put shall occur within two (2) Trading
Days following the end of the Valuation Period, whereby the Investor shall deliver the Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by the Company. In addition, on or prior to such Closing, each of the Company and the
Investor shall deliver to each other all documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered or reasonably requested by
either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein. The Company shall
be prohibited from delivering a subsequent Put Notice during the Valuation Period. 

ARTICLE III  

  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR  

The Investor represents
and warrants to the Company that: 

Section 3.1         INTENT .
The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally
binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities laws;  provided ,  however , that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition. 

Section 3.2        NO LEGAL
ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY . The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such
counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal,
tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws
of any jurisdiction. 

Section 3.3         ACCREDITED
INVESTOR . The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor has such experience
in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. The
Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. 

Section 3.4         AUTHORITY .
The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms
hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject
to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors 
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 

Section 3.5         NOT
AN AFFILIATE . The Investor is not an officer, director or  affiliate  (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act) of the Company. 

Section
3.6         ORGANIZATION AND STANDING .   The Investor is an entity
duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation
with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.  

Section 3.7         ABSENCE
OF CONFLICTS . The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of
any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets
is bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant
to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor
to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract,
instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations
or management may be subject. 

Section 3.8         DISCLOSURE;
ACCESS TO INFORMATION . The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the Company
and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company. 

Section 3.9         MANNER OF SALE . At no
time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any advertisement, article, notice, or other communication regarding
the Securities, published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

ARTICLE IV  

  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY  

The Company represents
and warrants to the Investor that, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or except as set forth in the disclosure schedules
hereto: 

Section 4.1         ORGANIZATION
OF THE COMPANY . Except as set forth in  Schedule 4.1 , the Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated
or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization,
with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified
or in good standing, as the case may be, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power
and authority or qualification. 

Section 4.2        AUTHORITY .
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. Each of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors 
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 

Section
4.3         CAPITALIZATION . As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (a) 10 billion shares
of Common Stock, of which approximately 1.5 billion shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding and (b) 10,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share ,  of which no shares
of preferred stock are issued and outstanding. Except as set forth on  Schedule 4.3  and as disclosed in Current Reports on
Form 8-K filed by the Company since the Company s most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, the Company
has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the
exercise of stock options under the Company s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant
to the Company s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act or Common Stock Equivalents disclosed
in Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company since the Company s most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act. Other than holders of the Common Stock Equivalents, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on  Schedule
4.3  and except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and securities issued to employees and other service
providers of the Company pursuant to the Company s stock option plans, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock,
or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company
to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any
holder of Company securities (other than the Investor) to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of
such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company s
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company s
stockholders.  

Section 4.4         LISTING
AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS . The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating
such registration. Other than as set forth in the Company s 8-K filings, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding
the date hereof, received notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect
that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. The Company is, and
has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. 

Section 4.5         SEC
DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE . Except as set forth on  Schedule 4.5 , the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law
or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the   SEC Documents  ) on a timely basis or has received a valid
extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents
when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations
with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements
or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be
condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates
thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided
the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public
information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. 

Section 4.6         VALID
ISSUANCES . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than
restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. 

Section 4.7         NO CONFLICTS .
Except as set forth in  Schedule 4.7 , the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without
limitation, the issuance of the Put Shares and the Underlying Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Company s
or any Subsidiary s certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict
with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default)
under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any  lock-up 
or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result
in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict
with or in default under any of the foregoing. Except as set forth in  Schedule 4.7 , the business of the Company is not being
conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either
singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state
or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any
court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company
subsequent to any Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the
representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and
agreements of Investor herein. 

Section 4.8         NO MATERIAL
ADVERSE CHANGE . Since December 31, 2015, no event has occurred that has had a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has
not been disclosed in subsequent SEC filings. 

Section 4.9         LITIGATION
AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS . Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or as set forth on  Schedule 4.9 , there are no actions,
suits, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting
the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any
such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ,
injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental
agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending
or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any current or former director or officer
of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Section 4.10       REGISTRATION
RIGHTS . Except as set forth on  Schedule 4.10 , no Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause the Company
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

ARTICLE V  

  COVENANTS OF INVESTOR  

Section 5.1        COMPLIANCE
WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES . The Investor s trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock will be in
compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and the
Principal Market. 

Section 5.2        SHORT
SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY . Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any
understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales from the date hereof until the end of the Commitment Period, either directly
or indirectly. For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of a Put Notice of such
number of shares of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under a Put Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The Investor
shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE VI  

  COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY  

Section 6.1        RESERVATION
OF COMMON STOCK . The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock equal to 200% of the
Required Minimum to satisfy its obligation to issue the Put Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Section 6.2         LISTING
OF COMMON STOCK . The Company shall promptly secure the listing of all of the Put Shares and Underlying Shares to be issued
to the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall use commercially reasonable
best efforts to maintain, so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing of all such Put Shares and Underlying
Shares from time to time issuable hereunder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing
and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets)
and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of FINRA
and the Principal Market. 

Section 6.3         OTHER
EQUITY LINES . So long as this Agreement remains in effect, the Company covenants and agrees that it will not, without the prior
written consent of the Investor, enter into any other equity line of credit agreement with any other party. For the avoidance of
doubt, nothing contained in the Transaction Documents shall restrict, or require the Investor s consent for, any agreement
providing for the issuance or distribution of any equity securities of the Company pursuant to any agreement or arrangement that
is not covered in this Section 6.3. This Section 6.3 shall not apply if this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section
10.5 (and the proviso at the end of Section 10.5 shall not apply for this purpose). 

Section 6.4         FILING
OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT . The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the   Current Report  ).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least
two (2) Trading Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments.
The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within
one (1) Trading Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company. The Company shall also file with the SEC a registration
statement (the   Registration Statement  ) pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement substantially
in the form of  Exhibit E  hereto. 

ARTICLE VII  

  CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF  

  PUT NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING  

Section 7.1        CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PUT SHARES . The right of the Company to issue and sell the Put Shares
to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below: 

(a)                          ACCURACY OF
INVESTOR S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time. 

(b)                          PERFORMANCE
BY INVESTOR . Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing. 

(c)                          PRINCIPAL MARKET
REGULATION . The Company shall not issue any Put Shares, and the Investor shall not have the right to receive any Put Shares,
if the issuance of such Put Shares would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue without
breaching the Company s obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market (the   Exchange Cap  ). 

Section 7.2         CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE PUT SHARES . The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase Put Shares
is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions: 

(a)                          EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT . The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall be effective for the resale by the Investor
of the Put Shares and the Underlying Shares and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice that the SEC
has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended
or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened
to do so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or related
prospectus shall exist. 

(b)                         ACCURACY OF
THE COMPANY S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties
specifically made as of a particular date). 

(c)                         PERFORMANCE
BY THE COMPANY . The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company. 

(d)                         NO INJUNCTION .
No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or adopted
by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits affects any of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(e)                         ADVERSE CHANGES .
Since the date of filing of the Company s most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect has occurred. 

(f)                         NO SUSPENSION
OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK . The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal
Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation on
and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason,
of the trading of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), between the date of the Put Notice and the date of
the Closing with respect thereto, the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company any remaining amount of Put Shares
associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced accordingly. 

(g)                          BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP LIMITATION . The number of Put Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares
that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned
by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined
in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g),
in the event that the amount of Common Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the
regulations promulgated thereunder, is greater on a Closing Date than on the date upon which the Put Notice associated with such
Closing Date is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such Closing Date shall govern for purposes of determining whether
the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation following such Closing Date. The   Beneficial Ownership Limitation   shall be 4.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to a Put Notice. The Investor, upon not less than 61 days  prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 7.2(g), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Put Notice and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 7.2(g) shall
continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st  day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. 

(h)                         PRINCIPAL MARKET
REGULATION . The issuance of the Put Shares shall not exceed the Exchange Cap. 

(i)                           NO KNOWLEDGE .
The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration Statement
to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Trading Days following
the Trading Day on which such Put Notice is deemed delivered). 

(j)                           NO VIOLATION
OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT . The issuance of the Put Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval requirements
of the Principal Market. 

(k)                          OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE . On the date of delivery of each Put Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate executed
by an executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as of
the date of each such certificate. 

(l)                           DWAC ELIGIBLE .
The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a  DTC chill.  

(m)                         SEC DOCUMENTS .
All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company
with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been timely filed with the SEC for the previous
twelve month period. 

(n)                         TRANSFER
AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER . The Transfer Agent Instruction Letter shall have been executed and delivered by the Company to the
Transfer Agent and acknowledged and agreed to in writing by the Transfer Agent. 

(o)                          RESERVE .   The
Company shall have reserved sufficient shares of its Common Stock for the Investor, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and
all other contracts between the Company and Investor. 

ARTICLE VIII  

  LEGENDS  

Section 8.1        NO RESTRICTIVE
STOCK LEGEND . No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Put Shares. 

Section 8.2        INVESTOR S
COMPLIANCE . Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investor s obligations hereunder to comply with
all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock. 

ARTICLE IX  

  NOTICES; INDEMNIFICATION  

Section 9.1         NOTICES .
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, or email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on
a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery
(if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the next
business day following the date of mailing by express overnight courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in
the mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt
of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. 

The addresses for
such communications shall be: 

If to the Company: 

Notis Global, Inc. 

 600 Wilshire Blvd Suite 1500 

 Los Angeles, CA 90017 

 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

 Telephone: 

 Facsimile: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice): 

Manatt, Phelps   Phillips, LLP 

 1050 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 600 

 Washington, DC 20036 

 Attention: Scott Schwartz 

 Telephone: 

  Facsimile : 

If to the Investor: 

Either party hereto may from time to time
change its address or email for notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10) days  prior written notice of
such changed address to the other party hereto. 

Section 9.2        INDEMNIFICATION .
Each party (an   Indemnifying Party  ) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers,
directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls such party within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an   Indemnified Party  ) from and against any Damages,
and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of or relating
to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part
of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged
omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
(iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained
in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the
SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation
by such Indemnifying Party of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result
primarily from the Indemnified Party s failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified
Party s negligence, recklessness or bad faith in performing its obligations under this Agreement;  provided ,  however ,
that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent,
arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying
Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party
expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any preliminary
prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented), or arising out of or based upon any violation by such Indemnifed Party
of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or any state securities law. 

Section 9.3        METHOD
OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS . All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 shall be asserted
and resolved as follows: 

(a)               In the event
any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted against or sought
to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a   Third Party
Claim  ), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any, and
specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Party s claim for indemnification that
is being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably
ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a   Claim Notice  )
with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable
promptness after the Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated
to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Party s ability
to defend has been prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party
as soon as practicable within the period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either
a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as defined below) (the   Dispute Period  ) whether the Indemnifying Party
disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party
desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third Party Claim. 

(i)                  If the Indemnifying
Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Indemnified Party
with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend,
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such Third
Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying
Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified
Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for
the payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The
Indemnifying Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof;  provided ,
 however , that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the
Indemnifying Party s delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer
or other pleadings or take any other action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect
its interests; and  provided ,  further , that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at
the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any
Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any
defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as
provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may takeover the control of the defense or settlement of a Third Party Claim
at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect to such Third Party Claim. 

(ii)                 If the Indemnifying
Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Third Party
Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and diligently
or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period, then
the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good
faith or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party(with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will
not be unreasonably withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise
or settlement thereof; provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole
cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting
any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii),
if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its
liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such
dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will
not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Party s defense pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the
Indemnifying Party s participation therein at the Indemnified Party s request, and the Indemnified Party shall reimburse
the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying Party in connection with such
litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled by the Indemnified
Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation. 

(iii)                If the Indemnifying
Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party
with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether
the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third
Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section
9.2, unless the Indemnifying Party can show that the Indemnified Party was not prejudiced by its failure to respond within the
Dispute Period, and then, to the extent such Damages represent actual (and not estimated) Damages incurred by the Indemnified Party,
and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has
disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party
shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute;  provided ,  however , that if the dispute is
not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action
as it deems appropriate. 

(b)               In the event any
Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third Party Claim,
the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2 specifying the nature of
and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in
good faith, of such claim (an   Indemnity Notice  ) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. The
failure by any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such party s rights hereunder except to the
extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies
the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails
to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the
claim described in such Indemnity Notice, the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be deemed a liability of
the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2, unless the Indemnifying Party can show that the Indemnified Party was not prejudiced
by its failure to respond within the Dispute Period, and then, to the extent such Damages represent actual (and not estimated)
Damages incurred by the Indemnified Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party
on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the
Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however,
that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Indemnity Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled
to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate. 

(c)               The Indemnifying
Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal
fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim Notice as long
as the Indemnified Party has acknowledged and agreed to repay such amounts promptly should it be finally determined by a court
that the Indemnified Party was not entitled to indemnficiation for the claim to which such expenses related. 

(d)               The indemnity
provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party against
the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to. 

ARTICLE X  

  MISCELLANEOUS  

Section 10.1      GOVERNING
LAW; JURISDICTION . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Company and the Investor hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States federal and state courts located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan with respect to any dispute
arising under the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

Section 10.2      JURY
TRIAL WAIVER . The Company and the Investor hereby waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by
either of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents. 

Section 10.3       ASSIGNMENT .
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other Person. 

Section 10.4       NO
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in
Section 9.3. 

Section 10.5       TERMINATION .
The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time by written notice to the Investor. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically
terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period; (ii) the date that the Company sells and the Investor purchases
the Maximum Commitment Amount; or (iii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences
a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company (which proceeding is not dismissed within 90 days thereafter),
a Custodian is appointed for the Company for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment
for the benefit of its creditors;  provided ,  however , that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements
and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement for a period
of twenty four (24) months. 

Section 10.6      ENTIRE
AGREEMENT . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of
the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and
schedules. 

Section 10.7      FEES
AND EXPENSES . Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such
party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;  provided  that on
the date hereof the Company shall pay the Investor an amount up to $50,000 for its legal fees. The Company shall pay all Transfer
Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the
Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor. 

Section 10.8       COUNTERPARTS .
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being
understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. This Agreement may be delivered to the other parties hereto by
email of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the parties so delivering this Agreement. 

Section 10.9       SEVERABILITY .
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, the parties shall use their commerically reasonable efforts to reform such illegal, unenforcable or void provision to
best express their original intent and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said illegal, unenforcable
or void provision; provided that such severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement
to any party. 

Section 10.10     FURTHER
ASSURANCES . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

Section 10.11     NO
STRICT CONSTRUCTION . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

Section 10.12     EQUITABLE
RELIEF . The Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its obligations
under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Investor. The Company therefore agrees that the
Investor shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual
damages. 

Section 10.13    TITLE
AND SUBTITLES . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not to be
considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

Section 10.14     AMENDMENTS;
WAIVERS . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading
Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
(i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto and (ii) no
provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right, power or privilege. 

Section 10.15    PUBLICITY .
The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such
public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other parties, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which
such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except to the
extent required by law. The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and all of the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be
 material contracts,  as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore
be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely
by the Company, in consultation with its counsel. 

[Signature Page Follows]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first
above written. 

NOTIS GLOBAL, inc.   

By:  
      /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Name: Jeffrey Goh  

Title: CEO  

Redwood Management , LLC  

By:  
     /s/ John
DeNobile  

Name:  John
DeNobile 

Title: Manager  

[Signature Page to Equity Purchase
Agreement]   

</EX-10.06>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 s104312_ex10-07.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 10.7  

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT  

This Registration Rights
Agreement (this   Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of June 22, 2016, between Notis Global, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the   Company  ), and each of the purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, the   Purchaser  
and, collectively, the   Purchasers  ). 

This Agreement is made
pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser (the   Purchase
Agreement  ). 

The Company and each
Purchaser hereby agree as follows: 

1.  Definitions . 

Capitalized terms
used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the
Purchase Agreement.  

As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following meanings: 

Advice  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d). 

Effectiveness
Date   means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 60th calendar day
following the Filing Date, and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section
2(c) or Section 3(c), the 60th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be
filed hereunder;  provided ,  however , that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more
of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness
Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified
if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is
not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day. 

Effectiveness
Period   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Event  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 

Event Date  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 

Filing Date  
means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 30th calendar day after the initial Closing Date
and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the
earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related
to the Registrable Securities, as determined in the reasonable judgment of counsel to the Company. 

Holder  
or   Holders   means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities. 

Indemnified
Party   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 

Indemnifying
Party   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 

Initial Registration
Statement   means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. 

Losses  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 

Prospectus  
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the
terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments
and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to
be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 

Registrable
Securities   means, as of any date of determination, (a) all of the Securities, (b) any additional shares of Common Stock
issued and issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Securities (without giving effect to any limitations
on conversion set forth in the Securities) and (c) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other
distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing;  provided, however , that any such Registrable
Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any,
or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect
to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable
Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities
have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect,
addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise,
conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held
by any Affiliate of the Company, as confirmed in writing by the Holder to the Company's legal counsel), as reasonably determined
by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company. 

Registration
Statement   means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional
registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements
to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement. 

Rule 415  
means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time
to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule. 

Rule 424  
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time
to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule. 

Selling Stockholder
Questionnaire   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 

SEC Guidance  
means (i) any publicly-available written guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission
staff and (ii) the Securities Act. 

2.  Registration . 

(a)  Not later
than the Filing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a draft Registration Statement on Form S-1 relating to the resale
by the Holders of all (or such other number as the Commission will permit) of the Registrable Securities. Subject to the terms
of this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including,
without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing
thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable efforts to keep such Registration
Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
(i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant
to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under
Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable
to the Transfer Agent (the   Effectiveness Period  ). 

(b)  Notwithstanding
the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities
cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement,
the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments
to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted
to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities
as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-1 or other appropriate form,
and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages;  provided ,  however ,
that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for
the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance
and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. 

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable
Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that
the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable
Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities
to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows: 

i.  First,
the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included by any Person other than a Holder; 

ii.  Second,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Registrable Securities
held by such Holders. 

In the event of a cutback
hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice of such cutback and prior to filing
an amendment to the Initial Registration Statement along with the calculations as to such Holder s allotment. In the event
the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to
file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities
in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable
Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended. 

(d)  If: (i) the
Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to the Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement
without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company
shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration
of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five
(5) Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such
Registration Statement will not be  reviewed  or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective
date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments
made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by
or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective,
or (iv) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously
effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted
to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more
than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such
failure or breach being referred to as an   Event  , and for purposes of clauses (i), the date on which such Event
occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause
(iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iv) the date on which such ten (10)
or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as   Event Date  ), then, in
addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly
anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event
is cured or the Registrable Securities may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, as determined
by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, the outstanding principal amount of the Note
shall be increased, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to the product of 2% multiplied by the
aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated
damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven (7) days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at
a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing
daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full.
The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior
to the cure of an Event. 

3.  Registration Procedures . 

In connection with the Company s registration obligations
hereunder, the Company shall: 

(a) Not less than
five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing
of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to
be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be
filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review
of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to
such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation
within the meaning of the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not be obligated to provide the Holders
advance copies of any universal registration statement registering securities in addition to those required hereunder, or any Prospectus
prepared thereto. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto
to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company
is notified of such objection in writing no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of
a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments
or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement
as  Annex B  (a   Selling Stockholder Questionnaire  ) on a date that is not less than five (5) Trading Days
following the date on which such Holder receives the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire from the Company. 

(b) (i) Prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order
to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended
or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended,
to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, and (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission
with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders
true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that,
the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries). 

(c) If during
the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior
to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number
of such Registrable Securities. 

(d) Notify the
Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person)
confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether
there will be a  review  of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration
Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective,
(ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration
Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental
authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities
or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the
suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction,
or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that
makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a
Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any
material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case
of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect
to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best
interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus,  provided ,  however ,
in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(e) Use its best
efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness
of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable
Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment. 

(f) Furnish to
each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent
requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated
by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission; provided, that any such item which is available
on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form. 

(g) Subject to
the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto
by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus
and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d). 

(h)  The
Company shall cooperate with any broker-dealer through which a Holder proposes to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting
a filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, as requested by any such Holder, and the Company
shall pay the filing fee required by such filing within two (2) Business Days of request therefor. 

(i) Prior to any
resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with
the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification)
of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within
the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom)
effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition
in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement; provided, that, the Company shall not
be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any
material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such
jurisdiction. 

(j) If requested
by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable
Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent
permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations
and registered in such names as any such Holder may request. 

(k) Upon the occurrence
of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Company s
good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event,
prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related
Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii)
through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been
made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the
Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section
3(k) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages
otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(d), for a period not to exceed sixty (60) calendar days (which need not be consecutive
days) in any 12-month period. 

(l)   Comply with
all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission. 

(m) The Company
may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder and the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares and such information
about the Holder as may be required by the Securities Act to be included in the Registration Statement. During any periods that
the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because
any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Company s request, any liquidated damages that
are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such
delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company. 

4.  Registration
Expenses . All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne
by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred
to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made
with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then
listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in
writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications
or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) if not previously paid by the Company in connection with an Issuer Filing,
with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a Holder intends to make sales of Registrable
Securities with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, so long as the broker is receiving no more than a customary brokerage commission
in connection with such sale, (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable
Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities
Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by
the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall
be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting
duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities
on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions
of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders. 

5.  Indemnification . 

(a)  Indemnification
by the Company . The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder,
the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal
as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and
any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or
any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and
any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or
any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees) and expenses (collectively,
  Losses  ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto
or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions
are based solely upon information regarding such Holder or such Holder's plan of distribution furnished in writing to the Company
by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holder s
proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was provided by or expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly
for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder
has approved  Annex A  hereto for this purpose) or (ii) Holder fails to comply with applicable federal and state securities
laws in connection with its distribution of its Common Stock, including but not limited to Regulation M, prospectus delivery requirements,
and conducting its offers and sales in accordance with the plan of distribution contained in the Prospectus; or (iii) in the case
of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective
or otherwise unavailable, Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective
or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(d),
but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would
have been corrected. The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive
the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(h). 

(b)  Indemnification
by Holders . Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers,
agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section
20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: (x) such Holder s
failure to comply with applicable federal and state securities laws in connection with its distribution of its Common Stock, including
but not limited to Regulation M, any prospectus delivery requirements (through no fault of the Company), and conducting its offers
and sales in accordance with the plan of distribution contained in the Prospectus, or (y) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any
preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is
contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration
Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holder s
proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was provided in writing by or expressly approved in writing by such
Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved  Annex A  hereto for
this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (iii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the
type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), to the extent, but only to the extent, related to the use by such Holder of an outdated,
defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated,
defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in
Section 6(d), but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to
such Loss would have been corrected. In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder under this Section 5(b) be greater in
amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise
to such indemnification obligation. 

(c)  Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings . If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder
(an   Indemnified Party  ), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought
(the   Indemnifying Party  ) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with defense thereof; provided, that, the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not
relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that
it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review)
that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. 

An Indemnified
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense
of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named
parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party,
and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same
counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies
the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying
Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate
counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any
such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying
Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect
of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from
all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 

Subject to the
terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the
extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this
Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying
Party; provided, that, the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and
expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
(which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder. 

(d)  Contribution .
If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified
Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection
with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of
a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party,
and the parties  relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement
or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations
set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys  or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with
any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for
in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 

The parties hereto
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall be required to contribute pursuant to
this Section 5(d), in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Holder
from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise
been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

The indemnity and contribution
agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified
Parties. 

6.  Miscellaneous . 

(a)  Remedies .
In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder
or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement,
including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company
and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach
by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance
in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(b)  No Piggyback
on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements . Neither the Company nor any of its security holders
(other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in the Registration Statement filed
hereunder other than the Registrable Securities. 

(c)  Compliance .
Each Holder covenants and agrees that it will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered
by a Registration Statement, including but not limited to, the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable
to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available), Regulation M, offering its Common Stock in accordance with the intended methods
of disposition set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented, and suspending
offers and sales of Common Stock if the Company should notify such Holder that the Prospectus is no longer current or effective. 

(d)  Discontinued
Disposition . By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company
of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue
disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the   Advice  )
by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company
will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees
and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities
hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d). 

(e)  Piggy-Back
Rights of Holders . Other than in connection with the filing of a registration statement pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) and 6(b)(ii)
herein, if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable
Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement relating to an offering
for its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or
Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely
in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Company s
stock option, equity incentive or other employee benefit plans, then the Company shall deliver to each Holder a written notice
of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Holder shall so
request in writing, the Company shall include in such registration statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such
Holder requests to be registered;  provided ,  however , that the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable
Securities pursuant to this Section 6(e) that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (without volume restrictions or current
public information requirements) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or that are the subject of a then
effective Registration Statement;  provided ,  further , in the event of a cutback of the number of securities registered
on such registration statement, such cutback shall be applied pro rata among each Holder and any other holders of securities included
in such registration statement. 

(f)  Amendments
and Waivers . The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed
by the Company and the Holders of 67% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this
includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security). If a Registration Statement does not
register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then
the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder
shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the
rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only
by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates;  provided ,  however ,
that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of
the first sentence of this Section 6(f). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver
or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this
Agreement. 

(g)  Notices .
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as
set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

(h)  Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each
of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may
assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 

(i)  No Inconsistent
Agreements . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would
have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.
Except as set forth on  Schedule 6(i) , neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement
granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full. 

(j)  Execution
and Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other
party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a  .pdf  format data file, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if
such facsimile or  .pdf  signature page were an original thereof. 

(k)  Governing
Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

(l)  Cumulative
Remedies . The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

(m)  Severability .
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that
they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

(n)  Headings .
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(o)  Independent
Nature of Holders  Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the
obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no
action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert
or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters,
and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such
claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including
without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as
an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company
contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that
each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders
collectively and not between and among Holders. 

******************** 

(Signature Pages Follow)  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

Notis Global, Inc.  

b y:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Title: CEO 

Name: Jeffrey Goh 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT] 

Name of Holder:  

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder:  
     /s/ John DeNobile 

Name of Authorized Signatory:  
     John DeNobile 

Title of Authorized Signatory:  
     Manager 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person
or by its duly authorized agent. 

Date:  

Beneficial Owner:  

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

PLEASE FAX A COPY (OR EMAIL A .PDF COPY)
OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE, AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY OVERNIGHT MAIL, TO:  

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.08>
 9
 s104312_ex10-08.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.08

Exhibit 10.08  

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE
TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES. 

Original Issue Date:  June 21, 2016  

 Fixed Conversion Price (subject to adjustment
herein):  $0.75  

$120,000 

10%
CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE   

   DUE
JUNE 21, 2017   

THIS 10% CONVERTIBLE
DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued 10% Convertible Debentures of Notis Global, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
(the   Company  ), having its principal place of business at 600 Wilshire Blvd Suite 1500 Los Angeles, CA 90017,
designated as its 10% Convertible Debenture due June 21, 2017 (this Debenture, the   Debenture   and, collectively
with the other Debentures of such series, the   Debentures  ). 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Redwood Management, LLC   or its registered
assigns (the   Holder  ), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $120,000 on
June 21, 2017 (the   Maturity Date  ) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid
as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of
this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:  

Section 1 .           Definitions .
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a)  capitalized
 terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms
shall have the following meanings: 

Alternate
Consideration   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

Bankruptcy
Event   means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case
or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is
adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) the Company
or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence
in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

Base
Conversion Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d). 

Buy-In  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b)(v). 

Change
of Control Transaction   means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof
by an individual or legal entity or  group  (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of
effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of
in excess of 33% of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Debentures and the
Securities issued together with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person
merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction,
(c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after
the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board
of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original
Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board
of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the
execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events
set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. 

Conversion  
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4. 

Conversion
Date   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Conversion
Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b). 

Conversion
Schedule   means the Conversion Schedule in the form of  Schedule 1  attached hereto. 

Conversion
Shares   means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with
the terms hereof. 

Debenture
Register   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

Dilutive
Issuance   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Dilutive
Issuance Notice   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Equity
Conditions   means, during the period in ques tion,   (a)
the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices
of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder
in respect of this Debenture,       (c)(i)
there is an effective registration statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to
resell all of the shares of Com mon Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good
faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable
pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and shares issuable in lieu of cash payments of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule
144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written opinion
letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading
Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market
(and the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for
the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common
Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event
of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default,
(g) the issuance of the shares in question to the Holder would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(d) herein,  (h)
there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has
not been consummated, (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company that constitutes,
or may constitute, material non-public information, and (j)    the
Company has timely filed (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required
to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act  .   

Event
of Default    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).   

Fixed
Conversion Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b). 

Fundamental
Transaction   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

Late
Fees   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c). 

Mandatory
Default Amount   means the payment of 130% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and accrued and unpaid
interest hereon, in addition to the payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this
Debenture. 

New
York Courts   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 

Notice
of Conversion   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Original
Issue Date   means the date of the first issuance of this Debenture, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and
regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures. 

Purchase
Agreement   means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2016 among the Company and the original Holder
and certain other purchasers thereto, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Securities
Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Share
Delivery Date   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii). 

Successor
Entity   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

VWAP  
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market other than the OTC Bulletin Board, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b)  if
the Common Stock is then quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the  Pink Sheets  published by Pink OTC Markets,
Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Notes then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Section 2 .           Amortization
and Interest.  

a)          Payment
of Interest in Cash or Kind . The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 10% per annum. All interest payments hereunder will be payable in cash, or subject
to the Equity Conditions, in cash or Common Stock in the Company s discretion. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be due on
payable on each Conversion Date and on the Maturity Date, or as otherwise set forth herein. 

b)         Interest
Calculations . Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and
shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all
accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder
will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and
transfers of this Debenture (the   Debenture Register  ). 

c)          Late
Fee . All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the
lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the   Late Fees  ) which shall accrue
daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full. 

d)          Prepayment .
At any time upon ten (10) days written notice to the Holder, the Company may prepay any portion of the principal amount of this
Debenture and any accrued and unpaid interest. If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Debenture, the Company shall make
payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and interest
multiplied by 130% within three (3) Business Days after such ten (10) day period. The Holder may convert the Debenture from the
date notice of the prepayment is given until the date of the prepayment. In addition, if the Company receives gross proceeds of
$500,000 or more in one or more debt or equity financings (including, without limitation, preferred equity and convertible debt)
prior to the Maturity Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of the then outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture and interest multiplied by 130% within three (3) Business Days after the closing of such financing. 

Section 3 .           Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.  

a)           Different
Denominations . This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized
denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer
or exchange. 

b)           Investment
Representations . This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth
in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal
and state securities laws and regulations. 

c)           Reliance
on Debenture Register . Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of
the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof
for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and
neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Section 4.            Conversion.  

a)          Voluntary
Conversion . At any time after the Maturity Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the
conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company
a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as  Annex A  (each, a   Notice of Conversion  ),
specifying therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted, accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under this Debenture
to be converted, and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the   Conversion Date  ).
If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.   To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture,
plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain a Conversion Schedule showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver
an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of
any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.
 The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.  

b)          Conversion
Price . The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to the lower of (a) $0.75, subject to adjustment
herein (the   Fixed Conversion Price  ), or (b) 60% of the lowest trading price for the thirty (30) consecutive
Trading Days ending on the Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date (the resulting pricing being
referred to herein as the   Conversion Price  ). All such determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the Common Stock during such measuring period. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare
an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any
such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law. 

c)
             Mechanics
of Conversion.   

i.           Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount and Interest . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion
hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be
converted and any accrued and unpaid interest to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. 

ii.          Delivery
of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the   Share Delivery
Date  ), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) a certificate or certificates representing
the Conversion Shares which, on or after the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without
the need for current public information and the Company has received an opinion of counsel to such effect reasonably acceptable
to the Company (which opinion the Company will be responsible for obtaining) shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions
(other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired
upon the conversion of this Debenture, and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (if the Company has elected
or is required to pay accrued interest in cash). All certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company under
this Section 4(d) shall be delivered electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions. If the Conversion Date is prior to the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold
under Rule 144 without the need for current public information the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following
form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  THE SECURITIES MAY
NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN
A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.   

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
commencing on such date that the Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 subject to current public information requirements,
the Company, upon request of the Holder, shall obtain a legal opinion to allow for such sales under Rule 144. 

iii.          Failure
to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event
the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return
to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

iv.          Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by
the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against
any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law
by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares;  provided ,  however , that such delivery
shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder
of this Debenture shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal or interest amount hereof, the Company may not
refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any
violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or
enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond
for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to
the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and
the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the
Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any
reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after
such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a
Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof for the Company s
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section
hereof or under applicable law. 

v.            Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a   Buy-In  ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition
to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase
price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount
of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii).
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage
commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence,
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein
shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver
certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

vi.          Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 200% of the Required Minimum   for
the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment of interest on this Debenture, each as herein provided,
free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders
of the Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion
of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and payment of interest hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares
of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.  

vii.          Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. 

viii.         Transfer
Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall be made
without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture
so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any
Notice of Conversion. 

d)          Holder s
Conversion Limitations . The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal and/or interest of this Debenture, and a
Holder shall not have the right to convert any principal and/or interest of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect
to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and
any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).  For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any
other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein
(including, without limitation, any other Debentures or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. 
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the
limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder s
determination of whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
Affiliates) and which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice
of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall
have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.  In addition,
a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act    and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder  .   For
purposes of this Section 4(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (iii)
a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally
and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.  In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
reported. The   Beneficial Ownership Limitation   shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture
held by the Holder. The Holder, upon not less than 61 days  prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99%
of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
upon conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e) shall
continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st  day after such notice is delivered
to the Company.      The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.    The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of    this Debenture   .  

Section 5 .           Certain
Adjustments.  

a)         Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment
of interest on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues,
in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Fixed Conversion
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury
shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become
effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)        Subsequent
Equity Sales . If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants
any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant
or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Fixed Conversion Price (such lower price, the   Base
Conversion Price   and such issuances, collectively, a   Dilutive Issuance  ) (if the holder of the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than
the Fixed Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Fixed Conversion Price on such date
of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment
shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will
be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than
the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating
therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such
notice, the   Dilutive Issuance Notice  ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides
a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion. 

c)         Subsequent
Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the   Purchase Rights  ), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

d)         Fundamental
Transaction . If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets
in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common
Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or
party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination) (each a   Fundamental Transaction  ), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Debenture,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(e) on the conversion of
this Debenture), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the
surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the   Alternate Consideration  ) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture). For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice
as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The
Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the   Successor
Entity  ) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(d) pursuant to written agreements in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture
which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on
the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion
price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the
date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the  Company 
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the
obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
had been named as the Company herein. 

e)        Calculations .
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding. 

f)          Notice
to the Holder . 

i.             Adjustment
to Conversion Price . Whenever the Fixed Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Fixed Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.            Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)
the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required
in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office
or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last
address as it shall appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record
to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or
share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to convert this Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

Section 6 .           Events
of Default.  

a)           Event
of Default   means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether
such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any
court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

i.            any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing
to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity
Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B)
above, is not cured within 3 Trading Days;  

ii.         the
Company shall materially fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach
by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in
clause (xi) below) which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice
of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) 10 Trading Days after the Company has become or
should have become aware of such failure; 

iii.         a
default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument)
shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which
the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below); 

iv.         any
representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or
incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made; 

v.           the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy
Event; 

vi.         the
Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture
agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced,
any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation
greater than $50,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable; 

vii.         the
Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume
listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days or the transfer of shares of Common Stock through the Depository
Trust Company System is no longer available or  chilled  

viii.         the
Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all
or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute
a Change of Control Transaction); 

ix.         the
Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to a Holder prior to the third Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant
to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the
Company s intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof; 

x.         the
Company fails to file with the Commission any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such that it is not
in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable); 

xi.            if
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall: (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian
or liquidator of it or any of its properties, (ii) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, (iii) make a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent or be the subject of an order for
relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution
or liquidation law or statute of any other jurisdiction or foreign country, or (v) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or
a petition or an answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or to take advantage or any bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute, or an answer admitting the material allegations of
a petition filed against it in any proceeding under any such law, or (vi) take or permit to be taken any action in furtherance
of or for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

xii.         if
any order, judgment or decree shall be entered, without the application, approval or consent of the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary, by any court of competent jurisdiction, approving a petition seeking liquidation or reorganization of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or appointing a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of all or any substantial
part of its assets, and such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of sixty (60) days; 

xiii.         the
occurrence of any levy upon or seizure or attachment of, or any uninsured loss of or damage to, any property of the Company or
any Subsidiary having an aggregate fair value or repair cost (as the case may be) in excess of $300,000 individually or in the
aggregate, and any such levy, seizure or attachment shall not be set aside, bonded or discharged within thirty (30) days after
the date thereof; 

xiv.         the
Company shall fail to maintain sufficient reserved shares pursuant to Section 4.10 of the Purchase Agreement; or 

xv.          any
monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their
respective property or other assets for more than $125,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days. 

b)          Remedies
Upon Event of Default . Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 4(d), if any Event of Default
occurs, then the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other
amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder s election, immediately due
and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. After the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual
acceleration of this Debenture, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an additional interest rate equal to the lesser
of 2% per month (24% per annum) or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default
Amount, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration
described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder
at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any,
as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 6(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent
Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section
7 .             Miscellaneous.    

a)          Notices .
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation,
any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other facsimile number or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 7(a). Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of the
Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Company, at
the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to
be given. 

b)          Absolute
Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable,
on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt
obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks  pari   passu  with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under
the terms set forth herein.          

c)          Lost
or Mutilated Debenture . If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver,
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen
or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but
only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. 

d)          Governing
Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the   New York Courts  ). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such
party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the
transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture,
then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

e)          Waiver .
Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to
be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the
Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered
a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture
on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing. 

f)          Severability .
If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect,
and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons
and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable
law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of
interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at
any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury
law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on
this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants
or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits
or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution
of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been
enacted. 

g)          Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief.   The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law
or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s
right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. 
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly
provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation
thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any
other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder
will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore
agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the
Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company s compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Debenture. 

h)          Next
Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

i)          Headings .
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

j)          Secured
Obligation . The obligations of the Company under this Note are secured pursuant to the Security Agreement dated as of the date
hereof, between the Company and the Secured Parties (as defined therein). 

********************* 

(Signature Pages Follow)  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated. 

Notis Global, Inc.   

By:  
     /s/Jeffrey Goh 

Name:Jeffrey Goh  

Title:CEO  

Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices:  

</EX-10.08>

<EX-10.09>
 10
 s104312_ex10-09.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.09

Exhibit 10.09  

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE
TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES. 

Original Issue Date:  June 21, 2016  

 Fixed Conversion Price (subject to adjustment
herein):  $0.75  

$100,000 

10%
CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE   

   DUE
JUNE 21, 2017   

THIS 10% CONVERTIBLE
DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued 10% Convertible Debentures of Notis Global, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
(the   Company  ), having its principal place of business at 600 Wilshire Blvd Suite 1500 Los Angeles, CA 90017,
designated as its 10% Convertible Debenture due June 21, 2017 (this Debenture, the   Debenture   and, collectively
with the other Debentures of such series, the   Debentures  ). 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Redwood Management, LLC   or its registered
assigns (the   Holder  ), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $100,000 on
June 21, 2017 (the   Maturity Date  ) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid
as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of
this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:  

Section 1 .           Definitions .
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Alternate
Consideration   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

Bankruptcy
Event   means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case
or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is
adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) the Company
or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence
in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

Base
Conversion Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d). 

Buy-In  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b)(v). 

Change
of Control Transaction   means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof
by an individual or legal entity or  group  (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of
effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of
in excess of 33% of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Debentures and the
Securities issued together with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person
merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction,
(c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after
the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board
of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original
Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board
of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the
execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events
set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. 

Conversion  
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4. 

Conversion
Date   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Conversion
Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b). 

Conversion
Schedule   means the Conversion Schedule in the form of  Schedule 1  attached hereto. 

Conversion
Shares   means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with
the terms hereof. 

Debenture
Register   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

Dilutive
Issuance   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Dilutive
Issuance Notice   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Equity
Conditions   means, during the period in question, (a) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions
scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have
paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (c)(i) there is an effective registration
statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common
Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue
uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and
shares issuable in lieu of cash payments of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to
the Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant
to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith,
that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient
number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage
of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (g) the issuance of the shares in question to the Holder
would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(d) herein, (h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed
Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has not been consummated, (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession
of any information provided by the Company that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information, and (j) the Company
has timely filed (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to
be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

Event
of Default   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Fixed
Conversion Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b). 

Fundamental
Transaction   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

Late
Fees   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c). 

Mandatory
Default Amount   means the payment of 130% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and accrued and unpaid
interest hereon, in addition to the payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this
Debenture. 

New
York Courts   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 

Notice
of Conversion   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Original
Issue Date   means the date of the first issuance of this Debenture, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and
regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures. 

Purchase
Agreement   means the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2016 among the Company and the original Holder and
certain other purchasers thereto, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Securities
Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Share
Delivery Date   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii). 

Successor
Entity   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

VWAP  
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market other than the OTC Bulletin Board, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b)  if
the Common Stock is then quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the  Pink Sheets  published by Pink OTC Markets,
Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Notes then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Section 2 .           Amortization
and Interest . 

a)          Payment
of Interest in Cash or Kind . The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 10% per annum. All interest payments hereunder will be payable in cash, or subject
to the Equity Conditions, in cash or Common Stock in the Company s discretion. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be due on
payable on each Conversion Date and on the Maturity Date, or as otherwise set forth herein. 

b)         Interest
Calculations . Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and
shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all
accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder
will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and
transfers of this Debenture (the   Debenture Register  ). 

c)         Late
Fee . All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the
lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the   Late Fees  ) which shall accrue
daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full. 

d)         Prepayment .
At any time upon ten (10) days written notice to the Holder, the Company may prepay any portion of the principal amount of this
Debenture and any accrued and unpaid interest. If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Debenture, the Company shall make
payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and interest
multiplied by 130% within three (3) Business Days after such ten (10) day period. The Holder may convert the Debenture from the
date notice of the prepayment is given until the date of the prepayment. In addition, if the Company receives gross proceeds of
$500,000 or more in one or more debt or equity financings (including, without limitation, preferred equity and convertible debt)
prior to the Maturity Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of the then outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture and interest multiplied by 130% within three (3) Business Days after the closing of such financing. 

Section 3.            Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.  

a)         Different
Denominations . This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized
denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer
or exchange. 

b)         Investment
Representations . This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth
in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal
and state securities laws and regulations. 

c)         Reliance
on Debenture Register . Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of
the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof
for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and
neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Section 4.            Conversion.  

a)         Voluntary
Conversion . At any time after the Maturity Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the
conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company
a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as  Annex A  (each, a   Notice of Conversion  ),
specifying therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted, accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under this Debenture
to be converted, and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the   Conversion Date  ).
If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.   To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture,
plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain a Conversion Schedule showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver
an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of
any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.
 The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.  

b)         Conversion
Price . The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to the lower of (a) $0.75, subject to adjustment
herein (the   Fixed Conversion Price  ), or (b) 60% of the lowest trading price for the thirty (30) consecutive
Trading Days ending on the Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date (the resulting pricing being
referred to herein as the   Conversion Price  ). All such determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the Common Stock during such measuring period. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare
an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any
such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law. 

c)          Mechanics of Conversion . 

i.             Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount and Interest . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion
hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be
converted and any accrued and unpaid interest to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. 

ii.            Delivery
of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the   Share Delivery
Date  ), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) a certificate or certificates representing
the Conversion Shares which, on or after the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without
the need for current public information and the Company has received an opinion of counsel to such effect reasonably acceptable
to the Company (which opinion the Company will be responsible for obtaining) shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions
(other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired
upon the conversion of this Debenture, and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (if the Company has elected
or is required to pay accrued interest in cash). All certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company under
this Section 4(d) shall be delivered electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions. If the Conversion Date is prior to the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold
under Rule 144 without the need for current public information the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following
form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  THE SECURITIES MAY
NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN
A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.   

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
commencing on such date that the Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 subject to current public information requirements,
the Company, upon request of the Holder, shall obtain a legal opinion to allow for such sales under Rule 144. 

iii.           Failure
to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event
the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return
to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

iv.           Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by
the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against
any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law
by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares;  provided ,  however , that such delivery
shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder
of this Debenture shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal or interest amount hereof, the Company may not
refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any
violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or
enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond
for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to
the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and
the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the
Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any
reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after
such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a
Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof for the Company s
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section
hereof or under applicable law. 

v.            Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a   Buy-In  ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition
to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase
price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount
of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii).
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage
commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence,
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein
shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver
certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

vi.           Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 200% of the Required Minimum   for
the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment of interest on this Debenture, each as herein provided,
free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders
of the Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion
of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and payment of interest hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares
of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.  

vii.          Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. 

viii.         Transfer
Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall be made
without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture
so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any
Notice of Conversion. 

d)         Holder s
Conversion Limitations . The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal and/or interest of this Debenture, and a Holder
shall not have the right to convert any principal and/or interest of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to
the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).  For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock
which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without
limitation, any other Debentures or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates.  Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of
whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and
which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure
compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion
that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 4(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Company s most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company,
or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.  In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
reported. The   Beneficial Ownership Limitation   shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture held by the
Holder. The Holder, upon not less than 61 days  prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e) shall continue
to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st  day after such notice is delivered to the
Company.    The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect
to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Debenture.  

Section 5 .           Certain
Adjustments.  

a)         Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment
of interest on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues,
in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Fixed Conversion
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury
shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become
effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)         Subsequent
Equity Sales . If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants
any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant
or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Fixed Conversion Price (such lower price, the   Base
Conversion Price   and such issuances, collectively, a   Dilutive Issuance  ) (if the holder of the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than
the Fixed Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Fixed Conversion Price on such date
of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment
shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will
be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than
the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating
therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such
notice, the   Dilutive Issuance Notice  ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides
a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion. 

c)         Subsequent
Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the   Purchase Rights  ), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

d)         Fundamental
Transaction . If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets
in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common
Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or
party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination) (each a   Fundamental Transaction  ), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Debenture,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(e) on the conversion of
this Debenture), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the
surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the   Alternate Consideration  ) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture). For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice
as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The
Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the   Successor
Entity  ) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(d) pursuant to written agreements in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture
which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on
the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion
price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the
date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the  Company 
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the
obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
had been named as the Company herein. 

e)         Calculations .
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding. 

f)          Notice
to the Holder . 

i.             Adjustment
to Conversion Price . Whenever the Fixed Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Fixed Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.          Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)
the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required
in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale
or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock
is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office
or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last
address as it shall appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record
to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the
validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this
Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such
notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

Section 6 .           Events
of Default.  

a)          Event
of Default   means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether
such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any
court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

i.            any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing
to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date
or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above,
is not cured within 3 Trading Days; 

ii.           the
Company shall materially fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach
by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in
clause (xi) below) which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice
of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) 10 Trading Days after the Company has become or
should have become aware of such failure; 

iii.          a
default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument)
shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which
the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below); 

iv.         any
representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or
incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made; 

v.           the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy
Event; 

vi.          the
Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture
agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced,
any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation
greater than $50,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable; 

vii.         the
Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume
listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days or the transfer of shares of Common Stock through the Depository
Trust Company System is no longer available or  chilled  

viii.        the
Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all
or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute
a Change of Control Transaction); 

ix.           the
Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to a Holder prior to the third Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant
to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the
Company s intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof; 

x.           the
Company fails to file with the Commission any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such that it is not
in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable); 

xi.          if
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall: (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian
or liquidator of it or any of its properties, (ii) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, (iii) make a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent or be the subject of an order for
relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution
or liquidation law or statute of any other jurisdiction or foreign country, or (v) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or
a petition or an answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or to take advantage or any bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute, or an answer admitting the material allegations of
a petition filed against it in any proceeding under any such law, or (vi) take or permit to be taken any action in furtherance
of or for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

xii.          if
any order, judgment or decree shall be entered, without the application, approval or consent of the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary, by any court of competent jurisdiction, approving a petition seeking liquidation or reorganization of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or appointing a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of all or any substantial
part of its assets, and such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of sixty (60) days; 

xiii.        the
occurrence of any levy upon or seizure or attachment of, or any uninsured loss of or damage to, any property of the Company or
any Subsidiary having an aggregate fair value or repair cost (as the case may be) in excess of $300,000 individually or in the
aggregate, and any such levy, seizure or attachment shall not be set aside, bonded or discharged within thirty (30) days after
the date thereof; 

xiv.        the
Company shall fail to maintain sufficient reserved shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement; or 

xv.         any
monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their
respective property or other assets for more than $125,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days. 

b)         Remedies
Upon Event of Default . Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 4(d), if any Event of Default
occurs, then the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other
amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder s election, immediately due
and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. After the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual
acceleration of this Debenture, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an additional interest rate equal to the lesser
of 2% per month (24% per annum) or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default
Amount, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration
described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder
at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any,
as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 6(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent
Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 7 .           Miscellaneous . 

a)         Notices .
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation,
any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other facsimile number or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 7(a). Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of the
Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Company, at
the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to
be given. 

b)         Absolute
Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable,
on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt
obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks  pari   passu  with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under
the terms set forth herein.          

c)         Lost
or Mutilated Debenture . If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver,
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen
or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but
only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. 

d)         Governing
Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the   New York Courts  ). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such
party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the
transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture,
then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

e)         Waiver .
Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to
be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the
Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered
a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture
on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing. 

f)          Severability .
If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect,
and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons
and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable
law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of
interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at
any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury
law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on
this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants
or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits
or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution
of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been
enacted. 

g)         Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief.   The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law
or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s
right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. 
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly
provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation
thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any
other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder
will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore
agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the
Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company s compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Debenture. 

h)         Next
Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

i)          Headings .
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

********************* 

(Signature Pages Follow)  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated. 

Notis Global, Inc .     

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Name:  Jeffrey Goh  

Title: CEO  

Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices:  _______________  

</EX-10.09>

<EX-10.10>
 11
 s104312_ex10-10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 10.10  

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 12
 s104312_ex10-11.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

Exhibit 10.11  

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT  

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this
 Agreement ) is dated as of June 30, 2016, between EWSD I, LLC and Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC (each,
a  Company  and collectively, the  Companies ) and Notis Global, Inc. (the  Parent ) and each
purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a  Purchaser  and collectively,
the  Purchasers ). References to the  Company  in this Agreement shall apply to both of the Companies and
the Parent, where applicable. 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the
mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I.   

  DEFINITIONS   

1.1   Definitions.  In addition
to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this
Section 1.1: 

Acquiring Person 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7. 

Action  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j). 

Affiliate  means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Board of Directors 
means the board of directors of the Parent. 

Business Day  means
any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing Date(s) 
means the Trading Day(s) on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto
in connection with a Closing, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchaser s obligations to pay the Subscription
Amount as to such Closing and (ii) the Company s obligations to deliver the Securities as to such Closing, in each case,
have been satisfied or waived. 

Closing(s)  means
the one or more closings of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.2. 

Closing Statement 
means the Closing Statement in the form on  Annex A  attached hereto. 

Commission  means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock  means
the common stock of the Parent, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock Equivalents 
means any securities of the Parent or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Company Counsel  means Manatt, Phelps
  Phillips, LLP. 

Conversion Price 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures. 

Conversion Shares 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures. 

Debenture  means
the 10% Convertible Debenture due, subject to the terms therein, twelve (12) months from their date of issuance, issued by the
Company to the Purchaser hereunder, in the form of  Exhibit A  attached hereto. 

Disclosure Schedules 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1. 

Equity Incentive Plan 
means the Company s existing equity incentive plan, as amended. 

Evaluation Date 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(r). 

Exchange Act  means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exempt Issuance 
means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock or options or restricted stock units to consultants, employees, officers or directors
of the Company approved by the Board of Directors, (ii) securities issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents or upon the exercise
or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, (iii) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions
or strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to
the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a
business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment
of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (iv) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to any equipment
loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved
by the Board of Directors, and (v) shares of Common Stock with respect to which the holders of a majority of the outstanding Debentures
waive their anti-dilution rights. 

FCPA  means the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

GAAP  shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Indebtedness  means
(x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $150,000 (other than trade accounts payable or for services
provided incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in
respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company s consolidated balance
sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions
in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $150,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. 

Intellectual Property Rights 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o). 

Legend Removal Date 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c). 

Liens  means a lien,
charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Manager  means the manager or managing
member of the Company. 

Material Adverse Effect 
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b). 

Material Permits 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m). 

Maximum Rate  shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17. 

Person  means an
individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Pre-Notice  shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b). 

Principal Amount 
means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts set forth below such Purchaser s signature block on the signature pages hereto next
to the heading  Principal Amount,  in United States Dollars, which shall equal such Purchaser s Subscription
Amount as to the applicable Closing. 

Pro Rata Portion 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(e). 

Proceeding  means
an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Public Information Failure 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b). 

Public Information Failure
Payments  shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b). 

Purchaser Party 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10. 

Required Approvals 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 

Required Minimum 
means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon conversion in full of all Debentures (including
Underlying Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Debentures), ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set forth therein,
and assuming that the Conversion Price is at all times on and after the date of determination 100% of the then Conversion Price
on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of determination. 

Rule 144  means
Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC Reports  shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Security Agreement 
means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, between the Company and the Purchaser, in the form of  Exhibit B  attached
hereto. 

Securities  means
the Debentures and the Underlying Shares. 

Securities Act  means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Short Sales  means
all  short sales  as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act 

Subscription Amount 
means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Debentures purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchaser s
name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading  Subscription Amount,  in United States dollars
and in immediately available funds. 

Subsidiary  means
any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 

Trading Day  means
a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading Market  means
any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE MKT; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; OTC
Markets or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Tranche(s)  shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1. 

Transaction Documents 
means this Agreement, the Debentures, the Security Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

Transfer Agent  means
Action Stock Transfer, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd, Suite 214,
Salt Lake City, UT 84121 and a phone number of (801) 274-1088, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

Transfer Agent Instruction
Letter  means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent which instructs the Transfer Agent to issue Underlying Shares
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the form of  Exhibit C  attached hereto. 

Underlying Shares 
means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Debentures and issued and issuable in
lieu of the cash payment of interest on the Debentures in accordance with the terms of the Debentures. 

ARTICLE II.   

  PURCHASE AND SALE   

2.1   Purchase.  The Purchaser
will purchase an aggregate of $1,500,000 in Subscription Amount of Debentures in six tranches (each, a  Closing ),
with the first tranche of $125,000 being closed on upon execution of this Agreement, the second tranche of $125,000 being closed
upon on July 1, 2016, the third tranche of $125,000 being closed upon on July 6, 2016, the fourth tranche of $125,000 being closed
upon on July 8, 2016, the fifth tranche of $500,000 being closed upon on July 29, 2016, and the sixth tranche of $500,000 being
closed upon on August 31, 2016. The Purchaser shall not be required to fund the second through fifth tranches if the Company or
Parent is in default under this Agreement or any Note on the Closing Date of such tranche. 

2.2   Closing.  On each
Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase,
such Purchaser s Closing Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser.  At
the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal
to such Purchaser s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, less a fee
payable to the Purchaser in the amount equal to 5% of such Subscription Amount, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser
its respective Debenture, as determined pursuant to Section 2.3(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other
items set forth in Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set
forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 for the Closing, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location
as the parties shall mutually agree. 

2.3   Deliveries. 

(a)   On or prior to each
Closing Date (except as noted), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following: 

(i)  this Agreement
duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) the Security Agreement
duly executed by the Company; 

(iii)  the Transfer Agent
Instruction Letter duly executed by the Company and the Transfer Agent; and 

(iv)  a Debenture with
a principal amount equal to such Purchaser s Principal Amount as to the applicable Closing, registered in the name of such
Purchaser. 

(b)   On or prior to each
Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following: 

(i)    this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; 

(ii)   the
Security Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(iii) such Purchaser s
Subscription Amount as to the applicable Closing by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company. 

2.4   Closing Conditions. 

(a)   The obligations of
the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i)  the accuracy in all
material respects on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 

(ii)  all obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been
performed; and 

(iii)  the delivery by
each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 

(b)   The respective obligations
of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i)   the accuracy in
all material respects when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein); 

(ii)  all obligations,
covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed; 

(iii)  the delivery by
the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement; 

(iv)   there is no existing
Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice,
would constitute an Event of Default; 

(v)   there shall have
been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and 

(vi)   from the date hereof
to the applicable Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission  or the Company s
principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose
trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the
United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or
other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market
which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, and without regard to any factors unique to such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the applicable Closing. 

ARTICLE III.   

  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   

3.1   Representations and Warranties
of the Company.  Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof
and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company and Parent hereby make the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser
as of the date hereof. References to the  Company  in this Section 3.1 shall apply to both of the Companies and the
Parent, where applicable. 

(a)   Subsidiaries.  All
of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar
rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or
any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded. 

(b)   Organization and Qualification.
The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation
nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as
a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it
makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability
of any Transaction Document; (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (iii) a material adverse effect on the
Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any
of (i), (ii) or (iii), a  Material Adverse Effect ) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 

(c)   Authorization; Enforcement.  The
Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.  The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action
is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company s stockholders or members in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals.  This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it
is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights generally; (ii) as limited
by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar
as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d)   No Conflicts.  The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and
will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s or any Subsidiary s certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien (except Liens
in favor of the Purchaser) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit
facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected; or (iii) subject
to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree
or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected;
except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(e)   Filings, Consents and
Approvals.  The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the
filings required pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable
Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Conversion Shares for trading thereon in the
time and manner required thereby and (iii) the filing of Form D and 8-K with the Commission and such filings as are required
to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the  Required Approvals ). 

(f)   Issuance of the Securities.  The
Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on
transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  The Company shall have reserved
from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal
to 200% of the Required Minimum on the date hereof. 

(g)   Capitalization.  The
capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number
of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The Company has
not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise
of employee stock options under the Equity Incentive Plan, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the
Company s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Other than with regard to Exempt Issuances, no
Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and securities issued
to employees, officers or directors, or former employees, officers or directors and other service providers or former service providers
of the Company pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan or otherwise, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights to subscribe
to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company
securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights
or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.  Other than as set forth on
 Schedule 3.1(g), t here are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the
Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the
Company s stockholders. 

(h)   SEC Reports; Financial
Statements.  The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred
to herein as the  SEC Reports ).  As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The
Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
( GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(i)   Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments.  Since the filing of the Company s Form 10-Q for
the period ended March 31, 2016: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission; (iii) the Company has not altered its
method of accounting; (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property
to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock; and
(v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to the Equity
Incentive Plan or as set forth in the SEC Reports.  Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this
Agreement, or the Exempt Issuances no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists
or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1)
Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. 

(j)   Litigation.  Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local
or foreign) (collectively, an  Action ) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability
of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof,
is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  Other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, there has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current
or former director or officer of the Company that is likely to lead to action that can reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not
pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer
of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement
filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(k)   Labor Relations.  No
labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company s or its Subsidiaries  employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or
any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure
or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant
in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters.  The Company and its Subsidiaries are
in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l)   Compliance.  Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company
or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or
credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether
or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental
protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(m)   Regulatory Permits.  The
Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where
the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect ( Material Permits ),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
any Material Permit. 

(n)   Title to Assets.  The
Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable
title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case
free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for
the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and,
the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company
and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are in compliance. 

(o)   Intellectual Property.  The
Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar
rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as presently
conducted and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the  Intellectual Property
Rights ). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the
Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the
date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any
knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or
reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights
are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their
intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p)   Transactions with Affiliates
and Employees.  Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and for the Exempt Issuances, none of the officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is
presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
of real or personal property to or from providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring
payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner,
in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered; (ii) reimbursement
for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company; and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option or stock award agreements
under the Equity Incentive Plan. 

(q)   Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal
Accounting Controls.  The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the applicable Closing Date. Other than as disclosed
in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; and (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules
and forms. The Company s certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act (such date, the  Evaluation Date ).  The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date.  Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(r)   Certain Fees.  Other
than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), no brokerage or finder s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
or any Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person
with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The Purchaser shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(s)   Private Placement.  Assuming
the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities
Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated hereby. The issuance and
sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. 

(t)   Investment Company.
The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be
an Affiliate of, an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The
Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an  investment company  subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(u)   Registration Rights.  Other
than with regard to the Exempt Issuances, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities
Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiaries. 

(v)   Listing and Maintenance
Requirements.  The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration.  The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with
the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. 

(w)   Application of Takeover
Protections.  The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other
similar anti-takeover provision under the Company s certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchaser and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result
of the Company s issuance of the Securities and the Purchaser s ownership of the Securities. 

(x)   Disclosure.  Except
with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchaser or their agents or counsel with any
information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms
that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.  All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct
and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.    The Company
acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 

(y)   No Integrated Offering.
Assuming the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of
any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration
of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated. 

(z)   No General Solicitation.
Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general
solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser and certain other  accredited
investors  within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

(aa)   Foreign Corrupt Practices.  Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf
of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity; (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or
domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds; (iii) failed
to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is  in violation of law; or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 

(bb)  Accountants.  The
Company s accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(bb) of the Disclosure Schedules.  To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act. 

(cc)   No Disagreements with
Accountants and Lawyers.  There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the
Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company. 

(dd)   Acknowledgment Regarding
Purchaser s Purchase of Securities.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchaser is acting solely
in the capacity of an arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in
any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given
by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchaser s purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to
each Purchaser that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based
solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 

(ee)   Regulation M Compliance. 
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or
resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Company s placement
agent in connection with the placement of the Securities. 

(ff)   Stock Option Plans.
Each stock option granted by the Company under the Equity Incentive Plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the
Equity Incentive Plan, and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the
date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Equity Incentive
Plan has been backdated.  The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other
public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects. 

(gg)   Office of Foreign
Assets Control.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ( OFAC ). 

(hh)   U.S. Real Property
Holding Corporation.  The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser s request. 

(ii)   Bank Holding Company
Act.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the  BHCA ) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal
Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of
a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

(jj)   Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign
income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on
such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the
payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.
There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the
officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. 

(kk)   Seniority. As
of each Closing Date, no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the Debentures in right of
payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured
by purchase money security interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital
lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property covered thereby). 

(ll)  
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser s Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.12 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the
Purchaser has not been asked by the Company to agree, nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling,
long and/or short, securities of the Company, or  derivative  securities based on securities issued by the
Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the
Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or  derivative  transactions, before or after
the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Company s
publicly-traded securities; (iii) the Purchaser, and counter-parties in  derivative  transactions to which the
Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a  short  position in the Common Stock; and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm s length counter-party in
any  derivative  transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchaser
may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including,
without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities
are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders'
equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted.  The
Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
Documents.  

(mm)   Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the
 Money Laundering Laws ), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 

3.2   Representations and Warranties
of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein): 

(a)   Organization; Authority.  Such
Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to
carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by
such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser.  Each Transaction
Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with
the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(b)   Own Account.  Such
Purchaser understands that the Securities are  restricted securities  and have not been registered under the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view
to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding
the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchaser s right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws).  Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c)   Purchaser Status.  At
the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts
any Debentures it will be an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under
the Securities Act. 

(d)   Experience of Such
Purchaser.  Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.  Such Purchaser is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(e)   General Solicitation.  Such
Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

(f)   Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality.  Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly
or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any purchases
or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage
separate portions of such Purchaser s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser s assets, the representation set forth above shall
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, such Purchaser has maintained
the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this
transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares
to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the representations contained in Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser s right to rely on the Company s
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction
Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of
the transaction contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE IV.   

  OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES   

4.1   Transfer Restrictions. 

(a)   The Securities may
only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws.  In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in
connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company
an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred
Securities under the Securities Act.  As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound
by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement. 

(b)   The Purchasers agree
to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form: 

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE
SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS [CONVERTIBLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE
SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE
TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.  THIS SECURITY [AND
THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON [CONVERSION] OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A
REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN  ACCREDITED INVESTOR  AS DEFINED IN
RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees
that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an  accredited investor  as
defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required
under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties.  Such
a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured
party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith.  Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge.  At
the appropriate Purchaser s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured
party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities. 

(c)   Certificates evidencing
the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act; (ii) following any sale of such Underlying
Shares pursuant to Rule 144; (iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without the need for current
public information; or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall upon request of a Purchaser and at
such Purchaser s expense cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after any of the events
described in (i)-(iv) in the preceding sentence if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder
(with a copy to the applicable Purchaser and its broker). If all or any portion of a Debenture is converted at a time when there
is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under
Rule 144 without the need for current public information or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Underlying
Shares shall be issued free of all legends.  The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required
under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than two Trading Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the
Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such third Trading
Day, the  Legend Removal Date ), instruct the Transfer Agent to deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser
a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends.  The Company may not make
any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this
Section 4.  Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchaser s prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System
as directed by such Purchaser. 

(d)   In addition to
such Purchaser s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is
delivered without a legend. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser s right to pursue actual damages for the
Company s failure to deliver certificates representing any Securities as required by the Transaction Documents, and
such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. 

4.2   Acknowledgment of Dilution.  The
Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which
dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions.  The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless
of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect
that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company. 

4.3   Furnishing of Information; Public
Information. 

(a)  Until the earliest time
that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or
12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(b)    At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of
the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without
restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information
requirement under Rule 144(c) (a  Public Information Failure ) then, in addition to such Purchaser s other available
remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such
delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription
Amount of such Purchaser s Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30 th )
day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information
Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required  for the Purchasers to transfer the
Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144.  The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b)
are referred to herein as  Public Information Failure Payments.   Public Information Failure Payments shall
be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are
incurred and (ii) the third (3 rd ) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments
is cured.  In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public
Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in
full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser s right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and
such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a
decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. 

4.4   Integration.  The
Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require
the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the
Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

4.5   Conversion and Exercise Procedures.  The
form of Notice of Conversion included in the Debentures sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in
order to convert the Debentures.  Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be
required in order to convert the Debenture.  No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be
required of the Purchaser to convert the Debenture.  The Company shall honor conversions of the Debenture and shall deliver
Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

4.6   Shareholder Rights Plan.  No
claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an  Acquiring
Person  under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could
be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 

4.7   Non-Public Information.  Except
with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company covenants
and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with
any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall
have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information.  The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. 

4.8   Use of Proceeds.  The
Company shall use the net proceeds hereunder as set forth on  Schedule 4.8  attached hereto. 

4.9   Indemnification of Purchasers.  Subject
to the provisions of this Section 4.9, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a  Purchaser Party ) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys  fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer
or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by
the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties
in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such
Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based
upon a breach of such Purchaser Party s representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements
or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such  Purchaser Party
of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct
or malfeasance).  If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought
pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right
to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party.  Any Purchaser
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has
been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict
on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall
be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel.  The Company will not
be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company s
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a
loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.  The indemnification
required by this Section 4.9 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or
defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred.  The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition
to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may
be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.10   Reservation and Listing of Securities. 

(a)   The Company shall maintain
a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as
may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents. 

(b)   Subject to clause 4.10(a),
if, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved for parties other than the Purchaser) shares of
Common Stock is less than 200% of the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to either cause a reverse split of the Common Stock or amend the Company s certificate or articles of incorporation
to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least 200% of the Required Minimum at such time,
as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75 th  day after such date. 

(c)   The Company shall,
if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an
additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the
date of such application; (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation
on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter; (iii) provide to the Purchaser evidence of such listing or quotation; and
(iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on
such Trading Market or another Trading Market. 

4.11   Equal Treatment of Purchasers.  No
consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent
to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties
to this Agreement. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest on the Debentures in amounts which
are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Debentures at any applicable time.  For clarification
purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each
Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers
acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 

4.12   Certain Transactions and Confidentiality.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its
behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any Short Sales, of any of the Company s securities during the
period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending on  the date that the Debentures are no longer outstanding
(provided that this provision shall not prohibit any sales made where a corresponding Notice of Conversion is tendered to the Company
and the shares received upon such conversion or exercise are used to close out such sale) (a  Prohibited Short Sale ).  

4.13 Right of First Refusal. 

(a)   From the date hereof
until the date that is the 12-month anniversary of the last Closing, upon any issuance by the Company of Membership Interests or
debt for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units hereof (a  Subsequent Financing ), the Purchaser
shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100% of the Subsequent Financing (the
 Participation Maximum ) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. 

(b)  At least three (3) Trading
Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a written notice of its intention
to effect a Subsequent Financing ( Pre-Notice ), which Pre-Notice shall ask the Purchaser if it wants to review the
details of such financing (such additional notice, a  Subsequent Financing Notice ). Upon the request of the Purchaser,
and only upon a request by the Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one
(1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to the Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall
describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder
and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet
or similar document relating thereto as an attachment. 

(c)  If the Purchaser desires
to participate in such Subsequent Financing, the Purchaser must provide written notice to the Company that the Purchaser is willing
to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of the Purchaser s participation, and representing and warranting
that the Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing
Notice. 

(d)   If notifications by
the Purchaser of its willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate) is, in
the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such
Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. 

(e)   The Company must provide
the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation set forth
above in this Section 4.13, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not consummated for
any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within thirty (30) Trading Days after the date of the initial
Subsequent Financing Notice. 

(f)   The Company and the
Purchaser agree that if the Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related to
the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision whereby the Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions
on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or
grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser. 

(g)   Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section 4.13 and unless otherwise agreed to by the Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing
to the Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its
intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that such Purchaser will not
be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10 th ) Trading Day following delivery of the
Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10 th ) Trading Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with
respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received
by the Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and the Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession
of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  

(h)   Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Section 4.13 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. 

4.14 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.
The Company shall (a) by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the 2nd Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, issue a press
release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) by the 4 th  Trading Day immediately
following the date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto (if required
pursuant to the Exchange Act), with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of
such 8-K, the Company represents to the Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered
to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or
agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company
nor the Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of
the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to
any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or
communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the
name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent
of the Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with any registration statement contemplated
by this Agreement and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company
shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b). 

4.15 Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company
agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly
upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order
to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at the applicable Closing under applicable
securities or  Blue Sky  laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of the Purchaser. 

4.16. Profit Sharing. The Company shall
pay to the Purchaser by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five (5) Business Days after the end of each calendar
month 60% of the Company s net profit on a consolidated basis along with a statement setting forth the Company s calculation
of net profit for such month. The Company shall be permitted to enter into one or more agreements with third parties to allocate
to such third parties up to no more than 20% of the Company s net profit on a consolidated basis. Any such agreements shall
reduce the percentage of the Company s net profits to be paid by the Company to the Purchaser on a pro rata basis. During
the term of this Agreement, upon prior reasonable notice (which shall be at least two (2) business days), the Purchaser or a designee
of the Purchaser may audit the Company s books and records, but not more frequently than once in any calendar month, to ensure
that the Company is in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If any such audit reveals that the Company has underpaid the
net profit owed to the Purchaser for the period in question, then the Company shall pay the Purchaser for the reasonable costs
of such audit. 

4.16  Intercreditor Agreement . The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have executed the Intercreditor Agreement attached hereto as  Exhibit D ,
by all parties thereto within fourteen (14) days of the date hereof. 

ARTICLE V.   

  MISCELLANEOUS   

5.1   Termination.  This Agreement
may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on
the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the First Closing has
not been consummated on or before June 30, 2016; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party
to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

5.2   Fees and Expenses.  The
Company shall deliver to each Purchaser, prior to each Closing, a completed and executed copy of the Closing Statement, attached
hereto as  Annex A .  Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such
party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement; provided that at each of
the third through sixth Closings the Company shall pay the Purchasers $10,000 for their legal fees (for an aggregate of $40,000).  The
Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction
letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and
duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser. 

5.3   Entire Agreement.  The
Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to
such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

5.4   Notices.  Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on a Trading Day; (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 12:00
p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day; (iii) the second (2 nd ) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service; or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given.  The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. 

5.5   Amendments; Waivers.  No
provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case
of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers holding at least 67% in interest of the Securities then outstanding or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.  No waiver of any default
with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future
or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay
or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 

5.6   Headings.  The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the
provisions hereof. 

5.7   Successors and Assigns.  This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.  The
Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger).  Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to
the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the  Purchasers.  

5.8   No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.10. 

5.9   Governing Law.  All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party
hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with
respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit,
action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.   If
either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition
to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

5.10   Survival.  The representations
and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closings and the delivery of the Securities. 

5.11   Execution.  This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a  .pdf  format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or  .pdf 
signature page were an original thereof. 

5.12   Severability. If any term,
provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable
efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such
term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.13   Rescission and Withdrawal Right.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents,
whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely
perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice
to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of a conversion of a Debenture, the applicable
Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion notice concurrently with
the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares. 

5.14   Replacement of Securities.  If
any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause
to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution
therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss,
theft or destruction.  The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any
reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 

5.15   Remedies.  In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and the
Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents.  The parties agree that monetary damages
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy
at law would be adequate. 

5.16   Payment Set Aside. To the extent
that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises
its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation,
any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if
such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

5.17   Usury.  To the extent
it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist
any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any claim, action or proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce any right
or remedy under any Transaction Document.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction
Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments
in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the  Maximum Rate ),
and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated
with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such
Maximum Rate.  It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction
Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date
thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law.  If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest
in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction
Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded
to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchaser s election. 

5.18   Independent Nature of Purchasers 
Obligations and Rights.  The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with
the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document.  Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction
Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership,
an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting
in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising
out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined
as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.  Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal
counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. 

5.19   Liquidated Damages.  The
Company s obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid
notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are
due and payable shall have been canceled. 

5.21   Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc.  If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

5.22   Construction. The parties agree
that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and,
therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock
splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this
Agreement. 

5.23   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  IN
ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND
INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above. 

Notis Global,
Inc.    

Address for Notice:   

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Fax:   

Name: Jeffrey Goh 

Title:   CEO  

EWSD I, LLC  

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name: Jeffrey Goh  

Title:   President  

Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC  

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name:  Jeffrey Goh  

Title:    President  

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):   

______________________  

______________________  

______________________  

______________________  

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK   

  SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above. 

Name of Purchaser: Redwood Management,
    LLC  

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:  

Name of Authorized Signatory:  
      John DeNobile   

Title of Authorized   
 
      Signatory:  
      Manager  

Email Address of Authorized   
 
      Signatory:  

Facsimile Number of Authorized   
 
      Signatory:  

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities
    to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):   

Closing Principal Amount:   

Closing Subscription Amount:   

EIN Number:  

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 13
 s104312_ex10-12.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.12

Exhibit 10.12  

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE  SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE
TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES. 

Original Issue Date:  June 30, 2016  

 Fixed Conversion Price (subject to adjustment
herein):  $0.75  

$125,000 

10%
CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE   

   DUE
JUNE 30, 2017   

THIS
10% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued 10% Convertible Debentures of EWSD I, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, and   Pueblo
Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (each, a   Company   and collectively,
the   Companies  ), having its principal place of business at 600 Wilshire Blvd Suite 1500 Los Angeles, CA 90017,
designated as its 10% Convertible Debenture due June 30, 2017 (this Debenture, the   Debenture   and, collectively
with the other Debentures of such series, the   Debentures  ).  

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Companies jointly and severally promise to pay to Redwood Management, LLC   or
its registered assigns (the   Holder  ), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum
of $125,000 on June 30, 2017 (the   Maturity Date  ) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted
to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal
amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:  

Section 1 .           Definitions .
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Alternate
Consideration   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

Bankruptcy
Event   means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case
or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is
adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) the Company
or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence
in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

Base
Conversion Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d). 

Buy-In  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b)(v). 

Change
of Control Transaction   means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof
by an individual or legal entity or  group  (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of
effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of
in excess of 33% of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Debentures and the
Securities issued together with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person
merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction,
(c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after
the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board
of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original
Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board
of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the
execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events
set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. 

Conversion  
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4. 

Conversion
Date   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Conversion
Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b). 

Conversion
Schedule   means the Conversion Schedule in the form of  Schedule 1  attached hereto. 

Conversion
Shares   means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with
the terms hereof. 

Debenture
Register   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

Dilutive
Issuance   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Dilutive
Issuance Notice   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 

Equity
Conditions   means, during the period in question, (a) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions
scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have
paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (c)(i) there is an effective registration
statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common
Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue
uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and
shares issuable in lieu of cash payments of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to
the Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant
to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith,
that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient
number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage
of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (g) the issuance of the shares in question to the Holder
would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(d) herein, (h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed
Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has not been consummated, (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession
of any information provided by the Company that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information, and (j) the Company
has timely filed (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to
be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

Event
of Default   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Fixed
Conversion Price   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b). 

Fundamental
Transaction   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

Late
Fees   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c). 

Mandatory
Default Amount   means the payment of 130% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and accrued and unpaid
interest hereon, in addition to the payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this
Debenture. 

New
York Courts   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 

Notice
of Conversion   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Original
Issue Date   means the date of the first issuance of this Debenture, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and
regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures. 

Purchase
Agreement   means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2016 among the Company and the original Holder
and certain other purchasers thereto, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Securities
Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Share
Delivery Date   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii). 

Successor
Entity   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). 

VWAP  
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market other than the OTC Bulletin Board, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b)  if
the Common Stock is then quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the  Pink Sheets  published by Pink OTC Markets,
Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Notes then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Section 2 .           Interest . 

a)          Payment
of Interest in Cash or Kind . The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding
principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 10% per annum. All interest payments hereunder will be payable in cash, or subject
to the Equity Conditions, in cash or Common Stock in the Company s discretion. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be due on
payable on each Conversion Date and on the Maturity Date, or as otherwise set forth herein. 

b)         Interest
Calculations . Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and
shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all
accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder
will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and
transfers of this Debenture (the   Debenture Register  ). 

c)         Late
Fee . All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the
lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the   Late Fees  ) which shall accrue
daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full. 

d)         Prepayment .
At any time upon ten (10) days written notice to the Holder, the Company may prepay any portion of the principal amount of this
Debenture and any accrued and unpaid interest. If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Debenture, the Company shall make
payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and interest
multiplied by 130% within three (3) Business Days after such ten (10) day period. The Holder may convert the Debenture from the
date notice of the prepayment is given until the date of the prepayment. 

Section 3.            Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.  

a)         Different
Denominations . This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized
denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer
or exchange. 

b)         Investment
Representations . This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth
in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal
and state securities laws and regulations. 

c)         Reliance
on Debenture Register . Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of
the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof
for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and
neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Section 4.            Conversion.  

a)         Voluntary
Conversion . At any time after the Maturity Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the
conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company
a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as  Annex A  (each, a   Notice of Conversion  ),
specifying therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted, accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under this Debenture
to be converted, and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the   Conversion Date  ).
If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.   To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture,
plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain a Conversion Schedule showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver
an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of
any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.
 The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.  

b)         Conversion
Price . The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to the lower of (a) $0.75, subject to adjustment
herein (the   Fixed Conversion Price  ), or (b) 60% of the lowest trading price for the thirty (30) consecutive
Trading Days ending on the Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date (the resulting pricing being
referred to herein as the   Conversion Price  ). All such determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the Common Stock during such measuring period. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare
an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any
such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law. 

c)          Mechanics of Conversion . 

i.             Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount and Interest . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion
hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be
converted and any accrued and unpaid interest to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. 

ii.            Delivery
of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the   Share Delivery
Date  ), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) a certificate or certificates representing
the Conversion Shares which, on or after the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without
the need for current public information and the Company has received an opinion of counsel to such effect reasonably acceptable
to the Company (which opinion the Company will be responsible for obtaining) shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions
(other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired
upon the conversion of this Debenture, and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (if the Company has elected
or is required to pay accrued interest in cash). All certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company under
this Section 4(d) shall be delivered electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions. If the Conversion Date is prior to the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold
under Rule 144 without the need for current public information the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following
form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  THE SECURITIES MAY
NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN
A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.   

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
commencing on such date that the Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 subject to current public information requirements,
the Company, upon request of the Holder, shall obtain a legal opinion to allow for such sales under Rule 144. 

iii.           Failure
to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event
the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return
to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

iv.           Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by
the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against
any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law
by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares;  provided ,  however , that such delivery
shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder
of this Debenture shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal or interest amount hereof, the Company may not
refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any
violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or
enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond
for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to
the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and
the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the
Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any
reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after
such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a
Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof for the Company s
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section
hereof or under applicable law. 

v.            Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a   Buy-In  ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition
to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase
price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount
of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii).
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage
commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence,
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein
shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver
certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

vi.           Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 200% of the Required Minimum   for
the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment of interest on this Debenture, each as herein provided,
free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders
of the Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion
of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and payment of interest hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares
of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.  

vii.          Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. 

viii.         Transfer
Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall be made
without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture
so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any
Notice of Conversion. 

(d)         Holder s
Conversion Limitations . The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal and/or interest of this Debenture, and a Holder
shall not have the right to convert any principal and/or interest of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to
the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).  For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock
which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without
limitation, any other Debentures or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates.  Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of
whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and
which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure
compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion
that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 4(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Company s most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company,
or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.  In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
reported. The   Beneficial Ownership Limitation   shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture held by the
Holder. The Holder, upon not less than 61 days  prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of this Debenture held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e) shall continue
to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st  day after such notice is delivered to the
Company.    The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect
to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Debenture.  

Section 5 .           Certain
Adjustments.  

a)         Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Parent, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Parent upon conversion of, or payment
of interest on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues,
in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Parent, then the Fixed Conversion
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury
shares of the Parent) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become
effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)         Subsequent
Equity Sales . If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Parent or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants
any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant
or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Fixed Conversion Price (such lower price, the   Base
Conversion Price   and such issuances, collectively, a   Dilutive Issuance  ) (if the holder of the Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than
the Fixed Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Fixed Conversion Price on such date
of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment
shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will
be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Parent shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than
the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating
therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such
notice, the   Dilutive Issuance Notice  ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Parent provides
a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion. 

c)         Subsequent
Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Parent grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the   Purchase Rights  ), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

d)         Fundamental
Transaction . If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Parent, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Parent with or into another Person, (ii) the Parent, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets
in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Parent or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common
Stock, (iv) the Parent, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Parent, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or
party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination) (each a   Fundamental Transaction  ), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Debenture,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(e) on the conversion of
this Debenture), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Parent, if it is the
surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the   Alternate Consideration  ) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture). For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Parent shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice
as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The
Parent shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Parent is not the survivor (the   Successor
Entity  ) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Parent under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(d) pursuant to written agreements in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture
which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on
the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion
price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the
date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the  Parent 
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Parent and shall assume all of the
obligations of the Parent under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
had been named as the Parent herein. 

e)         Calculations .
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Parent) issued and outstanding. 

f)          Notice
to the Holder . 

i.             Adjustment
to Conversion Price . Whenever the Fixed Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Fixed Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.          Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)
the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required
in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale
or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock
is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office
or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last
address as it shall appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record
to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the
validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this
Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such
notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

Section 6 .           Events
of Default.  

a)          Event
of Default   means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether
such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any
court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

i.            any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing
to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date
or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above,
is not cured within 3 Trading Days; 

ii.           the
Company shall materially fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach
by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in
clause (xi) below) which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice
of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) 10 Trading Days after the Company has become or
should have become aware of such failure; 

iii.          a
default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument)
shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which
the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below); 

iv.         any
representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or
incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made; 

v.           the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy
Event; 

vi.          the
Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture
agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced,
any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation
greater than $50,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable; 

vii.         the
Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume
listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days or the transfer of shares of Common Stock through the Depository
Trust Company System is no longer available or  chilled  

viii.        the
Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all
or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute
a Change of Control Transaction); 

ix.           the
Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to a Holder prior to the third Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant
to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the
Company s intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof; 

x.           the
Company fails to file with the Commission any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such that it is not
in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable); 

xi.          if
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall: (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian
or liquidator of it or any of its properties, (ii) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, (iii) make a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent or be the subject of an order for
relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution
or liquidation law or statute of any other jurisdiction or foreign country, or (v) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or
a petition or an answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or to take advantage or any bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute, or an answer admitting the material allegations of
a petition filed against it in any proceeding under any such law, or (vi) take or permit to be taken any action in furtherance
of or for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

xii.          if
any order, judgment or decree shall be entered, without the application, approval or consent of the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary, by any court of competent jurisdiction, approving a petition seeking liquidation or reorganization of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or appointing a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of all or any substantial
part of its assets, and such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of sixty (60) days; 

xiii.        the
occurrence of any levy upon or seizure or attachment of, or any uninsured loss of or damage to, any property of the Company or
any Subsidiary having an aggregate fair value or repair cost (as the case may be) in excess of $300,000 individually or in the
aggregate, and any such levy, seizure or attachment shall not be set aside, bonded or discharged within thirty (30) days after
the date thereof; 

xiv.        the
Company shall fail to maintain sufficient reserved shares pursuant to Section 4.10 of the Purchase Agreement; or 

xv.         any
monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their
respective property or other assets for more than $125,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days. 

b)         Remedies
Upon Event of Default . Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 4(d), if any Event of Default
occurs, then the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other
amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder s election, immediately due
and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. After the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual
acceleration of this Debenture, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an additional interest rate equal to the lesser
of 2% per month (24% per annum) or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default
Amount, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration
described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder
at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any,
as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 6(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent
Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 7 .           Miscellaneous . 

a)         Notices .
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation,
any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other facsimile number or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 7(a). Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of the
Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Company, at
the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to
be given. 

b)         Absolute
Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable,
on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt
obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks  pari   passu  with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under
the terms set forth herein.          

c)         Lost
or Mutilated Debenture . If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver,
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen
or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but
only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. 

d)         Governing
Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the   New York Courts  ). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such
party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the
transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture,
then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

e)         Waiver .
Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to
be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the
Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered
a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture
on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing. 

f)          Severability .
If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect,
and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons
and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable
law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of
interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at
any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury
law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on
this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants
or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits
or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution
of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been
enacted. 

g)         Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief.   The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law
or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s
right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. 
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly
provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation
thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any
other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder
will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore
agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the
Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company s compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Debenture. 

h)         Next
Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

i)          Headings .
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

j)          Secured Obligation . The obligations of the Company under this Note are secured pursuant to the Security Agreement dated
as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Secured Parties (as defined therein). 

********************* 

(Signature Pages Follow)  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated. 

EWSD I, LLC   

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Name: Jeffrey Goh  

Title: President  

Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices: _______________  

Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC    

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh  

Name: Jeffrey Goh  

Title: President  

Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices: _______________  

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:  

Notis Global, Inc.   

By: 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name: Jeffrey Goh 

Title: CEO 

Facsimile
    No. for delivery of Notices:                             

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 14
 s104312_ex10-13.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.13

Exhibit 10.13 

SECURITY AGREEMENT  

THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT
 (the   Agreement )  is entered into as of June 30, 2016, by and among (i) EWSD I, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (  EWSD  ) and Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(  PASE   and together with EWSD, collectively, the   Issuer  ), and (ii) any subsidiary and
affiliate of the Issuer that is a signatory hereto either now or joined in the future (the   Subsidiaries   and
jointly, severally, and collectively with the Issuer, the   Grantors  ) in favor of Redwood Management, LLC (the
  Secured Party  ). 

WHEREAS , in
connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 30, 2016 among the Secured Party and the Issuer attached as  Schedule
2  hereto (as amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the   Purchase Agreement  ), the Issuer
has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to issue to the Secured Party convertible debentures
as set forth in the Purchase Agreement (collectively along with all other debentures or loan instruments listed on  Schedule
3  attached hereto, as each may be amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the   Convertible Debentures  ); 

NOW, THEREFORE,
 in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the adequacy and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1. 

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

1.1           Recitals   .  

The above recitals
are true and correct and are incorporated herein, in their entirety, by this reference. 

1.2           Interpretations .  

Nothing herein expressed
or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person other than the Secured Party any right, remedy or claim
under or by reason hereof. 

1.3           Definitions  . 

(a)          To
the extent used in this Agreement and not defined herein, terms defined in the UCC shall have the meanings (such meanings to be
equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined) ascribed to such terms in the UCC. To the extent
the definition of any category or type of Collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or revision to the UCC, such expanded
definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision.  

(b)          As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below (such meanings to be equally applicable to
both the singular and plural forms of such terms):  

Collateral  
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. 

Deposit Account  
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.16. 

Event of
Default   shall mean a Grantor breaching any provision of, or defaulting in any of its obligations under (i) the Convertible
Debentures; (ii) the Purchase Agreement; (iii) the Loan Instruments; and (iv) any Transaction Document or any other agreement or
document related to any of the foregoing. 

GAAP  
shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Intellectual
Property   shall mean all present and future trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information; trademarks, trademark
applications, internet domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all
translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and/or business identifiers,
and all registrations or applications for registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout
the world; copyrights and copyright applications; (including copyrights for computer programs) and all tangible and intangible
property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable); patents and patent applications; industrial
design applications and registered industrial designs; license agreements related to any of the foregoing and income therefrom;
books, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification sheets, computer software, source codes, object
codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments or incorporations of any of the foregoing;
all other intellectual property; and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing.  Schedule
4  attached hereto sets forth all Intellectual Property of the Grantors (as such Schedule may be amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time). 

Intercreditor
Agreement   shall mean that certain Intercreditor Agreement to be entered into among the Secured Party, the Public Trustee
of Pueblo County, Colorado for the benefit of Southwest Farms, Southwest Farms, and the Yorkville Investors. The Intercreditor
Agreement shall be fully executed and mutually delivered within 14 calendar days of the effective date of this Agreement. 

Lien  
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2. 

Loan Instruments  
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 

Material
Adverse Effect   shall mean any material and adverse affect as determined by the Secured Party in its reasonable discretion
upon (a) the Grantors  assets, business, operations, properties or condition, financial or otherwise; (b) the Grantors 
ability to make payment as and when due of all or any part of the Obligations; or (c) the Collateral.  

Obligations  
shall mean and include any and all debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing by any Grantor to the Secured Party,
now existing or hereafter arising of every nature, type, and description, whether liquidated, unliquidated, primary, secondary,
secured, unsecured, direct, indirect, absolute, or contingent, and whether or not evidenced by a note, guaranty or other instrument,
and any amendments, extensions, renewals or increases thereof, including, without limitation, all those under (i) the Transaction
Documents; (ii) any agreement or document related to the Transaction Documents; or (iii) any other or related documents, and including
any interest accruing thereon after insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Grantors, whether or not a claim
for post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding, and all costs and expenses of the Secured Party incurred in the enforcement,
collection or otherwise in connection with any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees
and expenses and all obligations of the Grantors to the Secured Party to perform acts or refrain from taking any action. 

Other Loan
Documents   shall mean any credit agreement or other facility, warrant, mortgage, guaranty, collateral assignment of proceeds
from sale of farm products, other debenture agreements or instruments, by and among the Secured Party and the Grantors, under which
there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money, including, without limitation,
the Convertible Debentures. 

Permitted
Indebtedness   shall mean: (i) indebtedness evidenced by the Convertible Debentures; (ii) indebtedness described on  Schedule
7.3  attached hereto; (iii) indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of any equipment
by the Grantors, including capital lease obligations with no recourse other than to such equipment; (iv) indebtedness (A) the repayment
of which has been subordinated to the payment of the Obligations on terms and conditions acceptable to the Secured Party, including
with regard to interest payments and repayment of principal, (B) which does not mature or otherwise require or permit redemption
or repayment prior to or on the 91st day after the maturity date of any Convertible Debenture then outstanding; and (C) which is
not secured by any assets of the Grantors; (v) indebtedness solely between a Grantor and/or one of its domestic subsidiaries, on
the one hand, and a Grantor and/or one of its domestic subsidiaries, on the other which indebtedness is not secured by any assets
of such Grantor or any of its subsidiaries,  provided that  (x) in each case a majority of the equity of any such domestic
subsidiary is directly or indirectly owned by a Grantor, such domestic subsidiary is controlled by a Grantor and such domestic
subsidiary has executed a security agreement in the form of this Agreement and (y) any such loan shall be evidenced by an intercompany
note that is pledged by such Grantor or its subsidiary, as applicable, as collateral pursuant to a Collateral Assignment Agreement
in form and substance satisfactory to Secured Party in its sole discretion; (vi) reimbursement obligations in respect of letters
of credit issued for the account of a Grantor or any of its subsidiaries for the purpose of securing performance obligations of
such Grantor or its subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business so long as the aggregate face amount of all such letters
of credit does not exceed $100,000 at any one time; and (vii) renewals, extensions and refinancing of any indebtedness described
in clause (i) or (iii) of this subsection. 

Permitted
Liens   shall mean (1) the security interest created by this Agreement, (2) any prior security interest granted to the
Secured Party, (3) existing Liens disclosed by each Grantor on  Schedule 4.2 ; (4) inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or
governmental charges or levies not yet due, as to which the grace period, if any, related thereto has not yet expired, or being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP;
(5) Liens of carriers, materialmen, warehousemen, mechanics and landlords and other similar Liens which secure amounts which are
not yet overdue by more than 60 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves
have been established in accordance with GAAP; (6) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to other persons not materially
interfering with the conduct of the business of the Grantors; (7) Liens securing capitalized lease obligations and purchase money
indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing an acquisition or lease; (8) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions,
encroachments, municipal zoning ordinances and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies, in each case
not securing debt and not materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Grantors and not materially detracting
from the value of the property subject thereto; (9) Liens arising out of the existence of judgments or awards which judgments or
awards do not constitute an Event of Default; (10) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers
compensation claims, unemployment insurance, pension liabilities and social security benefits and Liens securing the performance
of bids, tenders, leases and contracts in the ordinary course of business, statutory obligations, surety bonds, performance bonds
and other obligations of a like nature (other than appeal bonds) incurred in the ordinary course of business (exclusive of obligations
in respect of the payment for borrowed money); (11) Liens in favor of a banking institution arising by operation of law encumbering
deposits (including the right of set-off) and contractual set-off rights held by such banking institution and which are within
the general parameters customary in the banking industry and only burdening deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor
depository institution; (12) usual and customary set-off rights in leases and other contracts; and (13) escrows in connection with
acquisitions and dispositions. 

Real
Estate   means all leases and all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements
thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Grantor, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights relating thereto and
all leases, tenancies, and occupancies thereof.  Schedule 5  attached hereto sets forth all Real Estate of the Grantors (as
such Schedule may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time).  

SF
Lien   is defined in Schedule 4.2.   

SF
Loan Documents  is defined in  Section 4.2 .  

Southwest
Farms   shall mean Southwest Farms, Inc., a Colorado corporation.  

Transaction
Documents   shall mean (i) the Convertible Debentures, (ii) the Purchase Agreement, (iii) the Mortgages, (iv) the Loan
Instruments, (v) the Other Loan Documents, and (vi) any other or related documents.  

UCC  
or   Uniform Commercial Code   means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of
New York;  provided ,  however , that if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than
in another Article thereof, the term shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC;  provided further  that, if
by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in
any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction
other than New York,  Uniform Commercial Code  means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction
for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of
such remedy, as the case may be.  

Yorkville
Investors   means YA II PN, LTD (formerly known as YA Global Master SPV, Ltd.) and Hudson Street, LLC.  

ARTICLE 2. 

SECURITY INTEREST 

2.1           Grant
of Security Interest .  

(a)          As
security for the payment or performance in full of the Obligations and subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
Agreement, each Grantor hereby pledges to the Secured Party, its successors and assigns, and hereby grants to the Secured Party,
its successors and assigns, a security interest in and to all assets and personal property of each Grantor, including, without
limitation, all the assets and personal property of EWSD and   (exclusive of any real property
that may be subject to one or more deeds of trust)  wherever
located and whether now or hereinafter existing and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of every kind and description, tangible
or intangible, including without limitation, all Real Estate, Goods, Inventory, Equipment, Fixtures, Instruments, Documents, Accounts,
Contracts and Contract Rights, Chattel Paper, Deposit Accounts, Money, Letters of Credit and Letter-of-Credit Rights, Commercial
Tort Claims, Securities and all other Investment Property, General Intangibles, Farm Products, all books and records and information
relating to any of the foregoing, all Supporting Obligations, and any and all Proceeds and products of any and all of the foregoing,
and as more particularly described on  Exhibit A  attached hereto (collectively, the   Collateral  ).   

(b)          Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Grantor shall make, execute, acknowledge, file, record and deliver to the
Secured Party such documents, instruments, and agreements, including, without limitation, financing statements, mortgages, certificates,
affidavits and forms as may, in the Secured Party s reasonable judgment, be necessary to effectuate, complete or perfect,
or to continue and preserve, the security interest of the Secured Party in the Collateral.  

2.2           No
Assumption of Liability.   

The
security interest in the Collateral is granted as security only and shall not subject the Secured Party to, or in any way alter
or modify any obligation or liability of any Grantor with respect to or arising out of the Collateral.  

ARTICLE 3. 

ATTORNEY-IN-FACT;
PERFORMANCE 

3.1           Secured
Party Appointed Attorney-In-Fact .  

Each Grantor hereby
appoints the Secured Party as its attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Grantor and in the name
of each Grantor or otherwise, from time to time in the Secured Party s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument
which the Secured Party may reasonably deem necessary to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement or for the purpose of perfecting,
confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the security interest in the Collateral, including, without limitation, to (a)
file one or more financing statements, continuing statements, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United
States Copyright Office (or any successor office) or other documents such as those that may be required to comply with the Food
Security Act of 1985 and any similar state law; (b) receive and collect all instruments made payable to a Grantor representing
any payments in respect of the Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same; and (c) demand, collect,
receipt for, settle, compromise, adjust, sue for, foreclose, or realize on the Collateral as and when the Secured Party may determine.
To facilitate collection, the Secured Party may notify account debtors and obligors on any Collateral to make payments directly
to the Secured Party. The foregoing power of attorney is a power coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until all Obligations
are paid and performed in full. The Grantors agree that the powers conferred on the Secured Party hereunder are solely to protect
the Secured Party s interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon the Secured Party to exercise any such
powers. 

3.2           Secured
Party May Perform .  

If a Grantor fails
to perform any agreement contained herein, the Secured Party, at its option, may itself perform, or cause performance of, such
agreement, and the expenses of the Secured Party incurred in connection therewith shall be included in the Obligations secured
hereby and payable by the Grantors under Section 8.4. 

ARTICLE 4. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES 

4.1           Authorization:
Enforceability .  

Each of the parties
hereto represents and warrants that it has taken all action necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and upon execution and delivery, this Agreement shall constitute a valid and
binding obligation of the respective party, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar
laws affecting creditors  rights or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies. 

4.2           Ownership
of Collateral; Priority of Security Interest .  

Each Grantor represents
and warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Collateral free and clear of any lien, security interest, option
or other charge or encumbrance (each, a   Lien  ) except for the Permitted Liens. Except for the Permitted Liens,
(i) the security interest granted to the Secured Party hereunder shall be a first priority security interest subject to no other
Liens, and (ii) no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof is on file in any public office. 

In the event that Grantor
receives a notice of default from Southwest Farms pursuant to (a) the SF Lien or (b) any loan documents entered into
in connection with the SF Lien (the   SF Loan Documents  ), Grantor will promptly provide such notice to Secured
Party, and Secured Party shall have the right to take any and all actions necessary to cure such default. Any and all expenses
incurred by Secured Party in the course of curing any and all such defaults shall be included in the Obligations secured hereby
and payable by the Grantor under  Section 8.4 . The Intercreditor Agreement shall provide that Southwest Farms shall deliver
any notice of default under the SF Lien or any SF Loan Documents to Secured Party concurrently with delivery of such notice to
Grantor. 

4.3           Location
of Collateral .   

The Collateral is or
will be kept at the address(es) of each Grantor set forth on  Schedule 4.3  attached hereto. Unless otherwise provided herein,
the Grantors will not remove any Collateral from such locations without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. 

4.4           Location,
State of Incorporation and Name of Grantors .  

Each Grantor s
principal place of business; state of incorporation, organization or formation; organization id; and exact legal name is set forth
on  Schedule 4.4  attached hereto. 

4.5           Solvency .  

Each of the Grantors
is able to pay its debts as they mature, has capital sufficient to carry on its business, and the fair present saleable value of
its assets, calculated on a going concern basis, is in excess of the amount of its liabilities (except for certain derivative liabilities
related to the Convertible Debentures). 

ARTICLE 5. 

DEFAULT; REMEDIES;
SUBSTITUTE COLLATERAL 

5.1           Method
of Realizing Upon the Collateral: Other Remedies  . 

If any Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing (and subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement): 

(a)          The
Secured Party may exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to any other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise
available to it, all of the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to
the affected Collateral), and also may (i) take absolute control of the Collateral, including, without limitation, transfer into
the Secured Party's name or into the name of its nominee or nominees (to the extent the Secured Party has not theretofore done
so) and thereafter receive, for the benefit of the Secured Party, all payments made thereon, give all consents, waivers and ratifications
in respect thereof and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof, (ii) require each Grantor
to assemble all or part of the Collateral as directed by the Secured Party and make it available to the Secured Party at a place
or places to be designated by the Secured Party that is reasonably convenient to both parties, and the Secured Party may enter
into and occupy any premises owned or leased by a Grantor where the Collateral or any part thereof is located or assembled for
a reasonable period in order to effectuate the Secured Party s rights and remedies hereunder or under law, without obligation
to such Grantor in respect of such occupation, and (iii) without notice except as specified below and without any obligation to
prepare or process the Collateral for sale, (A) sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private
sale, at any of the Secured Party s offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and at such price or
prices and upon such other terms as the Secured Party may deem commercially reasonable and/or (B) lease, license or dispose of
the Collateral or any part thereof upon such terms as the Secured Party may deem commercially reasonable. Each Grantor agrees that,
to the extent notice of sale or any other disposition of the Collateral shall be required by law, at least ten (10) days 
notice to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale or other disposition of
the Collateral is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Secured Party shall not be obligated to make any sale
or other disposition of any Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Secured Party may adjourn any public
or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice,
be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. Each Grantor hereby waives any claims against the Secured Party arising
by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at a private sale was less than the price which
might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Obligations, even if the Secured Party accepts
the first offer received and does not offer such Collateral to more than one offeree, and waives all rights that such Grantor may
have to require that all or any part of such Collateral be marshaled upon any sale (public or private) thereof. Each Grantor hereby
acknowledges that (x) any such sale of the Collateral by the Secured Party may be made without warranty, (y) the Secured Party
may specifically disclaim any warranties of title, possession, quiet enjoyment or the like, and (z) such actions set forth in clauses
(x) and (y) above shall not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any such sale of Collateral.  

(b)          Any
cash held by the Secured Party as Collateral and all cash proceeds received by the Secured Party in respect of any sale of or collection
from, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied (after payment of any amounts payable to the
Secured Party pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof) by the Secured Party against, all or any part of the Obligations in such order as
the Secured Party shall elect, consistent with the provisions of the Convertible Debentures. Any surplus of such cash or cash proceeds
held by the Secured Party and remaining after the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all of the Obligations shall be paid
over to whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.  

(c)          In
the event that the proceeds of any such sale, collection or realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured
Party is legally entitled, the Grantors shall be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon at the rate specified
in the Convertible Debentures for interest on overdue principal thereof or such other rate as shall be fixed by applicable law,
together with the costs of collection and the reasonable fees, costs, expenses and other client charges of any attorneys employed
by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency.  

(d)          Each
Grantor hereby acknowledges that if the Secured Party complies with any applicable state, provincial, or federal law requirements
in connection with a disposition of the Collateral, such compliance will not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of
any sale or other disposition of the Collateral.  

(e)          The
Secured Party shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including, but not limited to, this Agreement
and the Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security
or other assurances of payment in any particular order, and all of the Secured Party s rights hereunder and in respect of
such collateral security and other assurances of payment shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights, however existing
or arising. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Grantor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any law relating to the
marshaling of collateral which might cause delay in or impede the enforcement of the Secured Party s rights under this Agreement
or under any other instrument creating or evidencing any of the Obligations or under which any of the Obligations is outstanding
or by which any of the Obligations is secured or payment thereof is otherwise assured, and, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, each Grantor hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws.  

5.2           Duties
Regarding Collateral  . 

The Secured Party shall
have no duty as to the collection or protection of the Collateral or any income thereon or as to the preservation of any rights
pertaining thereto, beyond the safe custody and reasonable care of any of the Collateral actually in the Secured Party s
possession. 

ARTICLE 6. 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

So long as any of the
Obligations shall remain outstanding, unless the Secured Party shall otherwise consent in writing: 

6.1           Existence,
Properties, Etc  . 

Each
Grantor shall do, or cause to be done, all things, or proceed with due diligence with any actions or courses of action, that may
be reasonably necessary (i) to maintain such Grantor s due organization, valid existence and good standing under the laws
of its state of incorporation, and (ii) to preserve and keep in full force and effect all qualifications, licenses and registrations
in those jurisdictions in which the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) a Grantor shall not do, or cause
to be done, any act impairing the Grantor s corporate power or authority (i) to carry on such Grantor s business as
now conducted, and (ii) to execute or deliver this Agreement or any other agreement or document delivered in connection herewith,
including, without limitation any mortgages, pledges, or other collateral documents, and any UCC-1 Financing Statement required
by the Secured Party (which documents, instruments, and agreements shall be collectively referred to as the   Loan Instruments  )
to which it is or will be a party, or perform any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder.   

6.2           Financial
Statements and Reports  . 

Each Grantor shall
furnish to the Secured Party within a reasonable time such financial data as the Secured Party may reasonably request. 

6.3           Maintenance
of Books and Records: Inspection  . 

Each Grantor shall
maintain its books, accounts and records in accordance with GAAP, and permit the Secured Party, its officers and employees and
any professionals designated by the Secured Party in writing, at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice
to visit and inspect any of its properties (including, but not limited to, the collateral security described in the Transaction
Documents and/or the Loan Instruments), corporate books and financial records, and to discuss its accounts, affairs and finances
with any employee, officer or director thereof (it being agreed that, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
there shall be no more than two (2) such visits and inspections in any fiscal year). 

6.4           Maintenance
and Insurance  . 

(a)          Each
Grantor shall maintain or cause to be maintained, at its own expense, all of its material assets and properties in good working
order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, making all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof.  

(b)          The
Grantors shall maintain or cause to be maintained, at their own expense, insurance in form, substance and amounts (including deductibles),
which the Grantors deem reasonably necessary to the Grantors  business, (i) adequate to insure all assets and properties
of the Grantors of a character usually insured by persons engaged in the same or similar business against loss or damage resulting
from fire or other risks included in an extended coverage policy; (ii) against public liability and other tort claims that may
be incurred by the Grantors; (iii) as may be required by the Transaction Documents and/or applicable law and (iv) as may be reasonably
requested by Secured Party, all with financially sound and reputable insurers.  

6.5           Contracts
and Other Collateral  . 

Each Grantor shall
perform all of its obligations under or with respect to each instrument, receivable, contract and other intangible included in
the Collateral to which such Grantor is now or hereafter will be party on a timely basis and in the manner therein required, including,
without limitation, this Agreement, except to the extent the failure to so perform such obligations would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.6           Defense
of Collateral, Etc .  

Each Grantor shall
defend and enforce (a) its right, title and interest in and to any part of the Collateral; and (b) if not included within the Collateral,
those assets and properties whose loss would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each against all manner
of claims and demands on a timely basis to the full extent permitted by applicable law (other than any such claims and demands
by holders of Permitted Liens). 

6.7           Taxes
and Assessments  . 

Each Grantor shall
(a) file all material tax returns and appropriate schedules thereto that are required to be filed under applicable law, prior to
the date of delinquency (taking into account any extensions of the original due date), (b) pay and discharge all material taxes,
assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon a Grantor, upon its income and profits or upon any properties belonging
to it, prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, and (c) pay all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges
or levies that, if unpaid, might become a lien or charge upon any of its properties;   provided, however ,  that the
Grantors in good faith may contest any such tax, assessment, governmental charge or levy described in the foregoing clauses (b)
and (c) so long as appropriate reserves are maintained with respect thereto if and to the extent required by GAAP. 

6.8           Compliance
with Law and Other Agreements .  

Each Grantor shall
maintain its business operations and property owned or used in connection therewith in compliance with (a) all applicable federal,
state and local laws, regulations and ordinances governing such business operations and the use and ownership of such property,
and (b) all agreements, licenses, franchises, indentures and mortgages to which a Grantor is a party or by which such Grantor or
any of its properties is bound, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

6.9           Notice
of Default  . 

The Grantors will immediately
notify the Secured Party of any event causing a substantial loss or diminution in the value of all or any material part of the
Collateral and the amount or an estimate of the amount of such loss or diminution. The Grantors shall promptly notify the Secured
Party of any condition or event which constitutes, or would constitute with the passage of time or giving of notice or both, an
Event of Default, and promptly inform the Secured Party of any events or changes in the financial condition of any Grantor occurring
since the date of the last financial statement of such Grantor delivered to the Secured Party, which individually or cumulatively
when viewed in light of prior financial statements, which might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
business operations or financial condition of the Grantors. 

6.10         Future
Subsidiaries  . 

Schedule 6.10 
attached hereto lists all currently existing subsidiaries of the Grantors. If any Grantor shall hereafter create or acquire any
subsidiary, simultaneously with the creation or acquisition of such subsidiary, such Grantor shall cause such subsidiary to become
a party to this Agreement as an additional  Grantor  hereunder, and to duly execute and deliver a guaranty of the Obligations
in favor of the Secured Party in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Secured Party, and to duly execute and/or deliver
such other documents, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Secured Party, as the Secured Party shall reasonably request
with respect thereto, including, without limitation, a mortgage to the extent such subsidiary owns any Real Estate. 

6.11         Changes
to Identity  . 

Each Grantor will (a)
give the Secured Party at least 30 days' prior written notice of any change in such Grantor's name, identity or organizational
structure, (b) maintain its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation as set forth on  Schedule 4.4  attached
hereto, (c) immediately notify the Secured Party upon obtaining an organizational identification number, if on the date hereof
such Grantor did not have such identification number. 

6.12         Perfection
of Security Interests .  

(a)           Financing
Statements . The Grantors hereby irrevocably authorize the Secured Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Grantors, at any
time and from time to time to file in any filing office in any jurisdiction any initial financing statements and amendments thereto
and notifications that (a) indicate the Collateral (i) as all assets of the Grantors or words of similar effect, regardless of
whether any particular asset comprised in the Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the UCC or the Food Security Act
of 1985 or similar law of such jurisdiction, or (ii) as being of an equal or lesser scope or with greater detail, and (b) contain
any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the UCC or the Food Security Act of 1985 or similar state law for the
sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement or amendment, or notification including (i) whether such Grantor
is an organization, the type of organization and any organization identification number issued to such Grantor, and (ii) in the
case of a financing statement filed as a fixture filing, a sufficient description of real property to which the Collateral relates.
The Grantors agree to furnish any such information to the Secured Party promptly upon request. The Grantors also ratify their authorization
for the Secured Party to have filed in any jurisdiction any initial financing statements or amendments thereto if filed prior to
the date hereof. The Grantors acknowledge that they are not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination
statement with respect to any financing statement or notification without the prior written consent of the Secured Party and agree
that they will not do so without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. The Grantors acknowledge and agree that this Agreement
constitutes an authenticated record.  

By
way of illustration and not limitation, each Grantor covenants only to sell Farm Products to those persons set forth on  Schedule
6.12 . In this regard, each Grantor represents and covenants that the information set forth on Schedule 6.12 is and will continue
to be true, accurate and complete during the term of this Agreement. Each Grantor acknowledges that if any Grantor sells Farm Products
to a person that is not listed on such Schedule or if any of the information set forth on such Schedule is not true, accurate,
and complete in all respects, Secured Party will be irreparably harmed, entitling Secured Party to an award of compensatory and
liquidated damages and equitable relief, in each case, as permitted by applicable law.   

(b)           Possession .
The Grantors (i) shall have possession of the Collateral, except where expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement or where
the Secured Party chooses to perfect its security interest by possession in addition to the filing of a financing statement; and
(ii) will, where the Collateral is in the possession of a third party, join with the Secured Party in notifying the third party
of the Secured Party s security interest and obtaining an acknowledgment from the third party that it is holding the Collateral
for the benefit of the Secured Party.  

(c)           Control .
In addition to the provisions set forth in  Section 6.14 , the Grantors will cooperate with the Secured Party in obtaining
control with respect to the Collateral consisting of (i) Investment Property, (ii) Letters of Credit and Letter-of-Credit Rights
and (iii) electronic Chattel Paper.  

(d)           Marking
of Chattel Paper . The Grantors will not create any Chattel Paper without placing a legend on the Chattel Paper acceptable to
the Secured Party indicating that the Secured Party has a security interest in the Chattel Paper.  

6.13         Notice
of Commercial Tort Claims .   

Attached as  Schedule
6.13  is a list of all Commercial Tort Claims of the Grantors (as such Schedule may be amended, modified or supplemented from
time to time). If any Grantor shall at any time acquire a Commercial Tort Claim, such Grantor shall immediately notify the Secured
Party in a writing signed by such Grantor which shall (a) provide brief details of said claim and (b) grant to the Secured Party
a security interest in said claim and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, in such form and substance
satisfactory to the Secured Party. 

6.14         Establishment
of Deposit Account, Account Control Agreements  . 

(a)          In
connection with the execution of this Agreement, each Grantor, the Secured Party, and each applicable bank or other depository
institution shall enter into an account control agreement (the   Account Control Agreement  ) in the form of  Exhibit
B  attached hereto with respect to each of the Grantor s deposit accounts, including, without limitation, all savings,
passbook, money market or other depository accounts, and all certificates of deposit, maintained by each Grantor with any bank,
savings and loan association, credit union or other depository institution maintained or used by each Grantor (the   Deposit
Accounts  ) providing dominion and control over such accounts to the Secured Party such that upon notice by the Secured
Party to such bank or other depository institution of the occurrence of an Event of Default all actions under such account shall
be taken solely at the Secured Party s direction. Each Grantor s current Deposit Accounts are set forth on  Schedule
6.14 (a)  attached hereto.   

(b)          Each
Grantor shall cause all cash, all collections and proceeds from accounts receivable, all receipts from credit card payments, and
all proceeds from the sale of any Collateral to be deposited only into its Deposit Accounts in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practices.  

(c)          With
respect to each Deposit Account, from an after the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Secured Party shall have the right, at
any time and from time to time, to exercise its rights under such Account Control Agreement, including, for the avoidance of any
doubt, the exclusive right to give instructions to the financial institution at which such Deposit Account is maintained as to
the disposition of funds or other property on deposit therein or credited thereto. The Secured Party hereby covenants and agrees
that it will not send any such notice to a financial institution at which any such Deposit Account is maintained directing the
disposition of funds or other property therein unless and until the occurrence of an Event of Default.   

(d)          In
connection with the foregoing, each Grantor hereby authorizes and directs each bank or other depository institution which maintains
any Deposit Account to pay or deliver to the Secured Party upon the Secured Party s written demand thereof made at any time
after the occurrence of an Event of Default has occurred all balances in each Deposit Account with such depository for application
to the Obligations then outstanding.  

ARTICLE 7. 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

So long as any of the
Obligations shall remain outstanding, unless the Secured Party shall otherwise consent in writing, each Grantor covenants and agrees
that it shall not: 

7.1           Transfers;
Liens and Encumbrances .  

(a)          Sell,
assign (by operation of law or otherwise), lease, license, exchange or otherwise transfer or dispose of any of the Collateral,
except the Grantors may (i) sell or dispose of Inventory in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) sell or dispose of assets
the Grantors have determined, in good faith, not to be useful in the conduct of its business, and (iii) sell or dispose of accounts
in the course of collection in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.  

(b)          Directly
or indirectly make, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien in, to or against any part of the Collateral, other than
Permitted Liens.  

7.2           Restriction
on Redemption and Cash Dividends   

Directly or indirectly,
redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock without the prior express written consent
of the Secured Party. 

7.3           Incurrence
of Indebtedness .  

Directly or indirectly,
incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness, other than the indebtedness evidenced by the Convertible Debentures
and other Permitted Indebtedness. 

7.4           Places
of Business .  

Change its state of
organization or its principal place of business without the prior written consent of the Secured Party, as more specifically set
forth in  Section 4.4  hereof. 

ARTICLE 8. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

8.1           Notices .  

All notices or other
communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be considered as duly
given on: (a) the date of delivery, if delivered in person or by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or (b) five  (5)
 days after mailing if mailed from within the continental United States by certified mail, return receipt requested to the party
entitled to receive the same: 

If to the Secured Party:  

With a copy to:  

And if to any Grantor: 
     
         EWSD I, LLC 
         600 Wilshire Blvd Suite 1500 
         Los Angeles, CA 90017 
         Attention: Chief Executive Officer 
         Telephone: 
         Facsimile:   

Any party may change
its address by giving notice to the other party stating its new address. Commencing on the tenth (10 th ) day after the
giving of such notice, such newly designated address shall be such party s address for the purpose of all notices or other
communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement. 

8.2           Security
Interest Absolute .   

All
rights of the Secured Party hereunder, the security interest in the Collateral and all obligations of the Grantors hereunder shall
be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of the Convertible Debentures, the Loan
Instruments, any agreement with respect to any of the Obligations or any other agreement or instrument relating to any of the foregoing,
(b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other
amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Convertible Debentures, the Loan Instruments or any other agreement
or instrument, (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Lien on other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver
of or consent under or departure from any guarantee, securing or guaranteeing all or any of the Obligations, or (d) the existence
of any claim, set-off or other right which any Grantor may have at any time against any other Grantor or the Secured Party, whether
in connection herewith or any unrelated transaction.  

8.3            Severability .  

If any provision of
this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision
and shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable any other severable provision of this Agreement, and this
Agreement shall be carried out as if any such invalid or unenforceable provision were not contained herein. 

8.4            Expenses .  

In the event of an
Event of Default, the Grantors will pay to the Secured Party the amount of any and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including
the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel, which the Secured Party may incur in connection with: (i) the custody or preservation
of, or the sale, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral; (ii) the exercise or enforcement of any of
the rights of the Secured Party hereunder or (iii) the failure by a Grantor to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof. 

8.5            Waivers,
Amendments, Etc .  

The Secured Party s
delay or failure at any time or times hereafter to require strict performance by a Grantor of any undertakings, agreements or covenants
shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of the Secured Party under this Agreement to demand strict compliance and performance
herewith. Any waiver by the Secured Party of any Event of Default shall not waive or affect any other Event of Default, whether
such Event of Default is prior or subsequent thereto and whether of the same or a different type. None of the undertakings, agreements
and covenants of a Grantor contained in this Agreement, and no Event of Default, shall be deemed to have been waived by the Secured
Party, nor may this Agreement be amended, changed or modified, unless such waiver, amendment, change or modification is evidenced
by an instrument in writing specifying such waiver, amendment, change or modification and signed by the Secured Party in the case
of any such waiver, and signed by the Secured Party and the Grantors in the case of any such amendment, change or modification. 

8.6            Continuing
Security Interest .   

This
Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall: (i) remain in full force and effect so long
as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding; (ii) be binding upon each Grantor and its successors and assigns; and (iii)
inure to the benefit of the Secured Party and its successors and assigns. Upon the indefeasible payment or satisfaction in full
of the Obligations, this Agreement and the security interest created hereby shall terminate, and, in connection therewith, each
Grantor shall be entitled to the return, at its expense, of such of the Collateral as shall not have been sold in accordance with
this Agreement or otherwise applied pursuant to the terms hereof and the Secured Party shall deliver to the Grantors such documents
as the Grantors shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.  

8.7            Independent
Representation .  

Each party hereto acknowledges
and agrees that it has received or has had the opportunity to receive independent legal counsel of its own choice and that it has
been sufficiently apprised of its rights and responsibilities with regard to the substance of this Agreement. 

8.8            Indemnification .  

The
Grantors shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Secured Party, or any agent, employee, officer, attorney, or representative of the
Secured Party, harmless of and from any claim brought or threatened against the Secured Party or any such person so indemnified
by: any Grantor, any other obligor or endorser of the Obligations or any other person (as well as from attorneys' fees and expenses
in connection therewith) on account of the Secured Party's relationship with the Grantors, or any other obligor or endorser of
the Obligations (each of which may be defended, compromised, settled, or pursued by the Secured Party with counsel of the Secured
Party's selection, but at the expense of the undersigned).   

8.9            Applicable
Law: Jurisdiction .  

This Agreement shall
be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws. The parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and expressly consent
to the jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York for the adjudication of any civil
action asserted pursuant to this Paragraph,  provided ,  however , that nothing herein shall prevent the Secured Party
from enforcing its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, by filing a civil action) with respect to the Collateral
and/or the Grantors in any other jurisdiction in which the Collateral and/or the Grantors may be located. 

8.10          Waiver
of Jury Trial .  

AS A FURTHER INDUCEMENT
FOR THE SECURED PARTY TO MAKE FINANCIAL ACCOMMODATIONS TO THE ISSUER OR ANY GRANTOR, EACH GRANTOR HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT
AND/OR ANY AND ALL OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED TO THIS TRANSACTION. 

8.11          Right
of Set Off .  

The Grantors hereby
grant to the Secured Party, a lien, security interest and right of setoff as security for all liabilities and obligations to the
Secured Party, whether now existing or hereafter arising, upon and against all deposits, credits, collateral and property, now
or hereafter in the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of the Secured Party or any of its affiliates, or any entity under
the control of the Secured Party, or in transit to any of them. At any time, without demand or notice, the Secured Party may set
off the same or any part thereof and apply the same to any liability or obligation of the Grantors even though unmatured and regardless
of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the Obligations. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE THE SECURED PARTY TO EXERCISE ITS
RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE OBLIGATIONS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF
WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF THE GRANTORS, ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED. 

8.12          Liability
of Grantors .   

Notwithstanding
any provision herein or in any other Loan Instrument, the Grantors, and each of them, are and shall be jointly and severally liable
for any and all Obligations (whether any such Obligation is specified as an obligation of the Grantors or of any of them).  

8.13          Counterparts;
Facsimile Signatures .   

This
Agreement may be executed and delivered by exchange of facsimile signatures of the Secured Party and the Grantors, and those signatures
need not be affixed to the same copy. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts.  

8.14          Entire
Agreement .  

This Agreement and
the other documents or agreements delivered in connection herewith contain the entire understanding among the parties and supersede
any prior agreement or understanding among them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have executed this Security Agreement as of the date first above written. 

GRANTORS:  

EWSD I, LLC  .   

By 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name: 
     Jeffrey Goh 

Title:  
     President 

Pueblo Agriculture Supply and     Equipment, LLC   

By 
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name:   
     Jeffrey Goh 

Title: 
     President 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have executed this Security Agreement as of the date first above written. 

SECURED PARTY: 

REDWOOD MANAGEMENT, LLC 

By: 
     /s/ John DeNobile 

Name:  
     John DeNobile 

Title: 
     Manager  

exhibit   
A  
DEFINITION OF COLLATERAL 

For the purpose of
securing prompt and complete payment and performance by the Grantors of all of the Obligations, each Grantor unconditionally and
irrevocably hereby grants to the Secured Party a continuing security interest in and to, and lien upon, the following   Collateral  
of the Grantors (all capitalized terms used herein and not defined in the Agreement shall have the respective meanings ascribed
thereto in the UCC): 

A.           All
Real Estate owned by any Grantor, wherever located and whether now or hereinafter existing and whether now owned or hereafter acquired. 

B.           All
personal property of each Grantor, wherever located and whether now or hereinafter existing and whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, of every kind and description, tangible or intangible, including without limitation, all: 

1.            Goods; 

2.            Inventory,
including, without limitation, all goods, merchandise and other personal property which are held for sale or lease, or are furnished
or to be furnished under any contract of service or are raw materials, work-in-process, supplies or materials used or consumed
in any Grantor s business, and all products thereof, and all substitutions, replacements, additions or accessions therefor
and thereto; and any cash or non-cash Proceeds of all of the foregoing; 

3.           Equipment,
including, without limitation, all machinery, equipment, furniture, parts, tools and dies, of every kind and description (including
automotive equipment and motor vehicles), now owned or hereafter acquired by any Grantor, and used or acquired for use in the business
of any Grantor, together with all accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof and parts therefor and all
cash or non-cash Proceeds of the foregoing; 

4.            Fixtures,
including, without limitation, all goods which are so related to particular real estate that an interest in them arises under real
estate law and all accessions thereto, replacements thereof and substitutions therefor, including, but not limited to, plumbing,
heating and lighting apparatus, mantels, floor coverings, furniture, furnishings, draperies, screens, storm windows and doors,
awnings, shrubbery, plants, boilers, tanks, machinery, stoves, gas and electric ranges, wall cabinets, appliances, furnaces, dynamos,
motors, elevators and elevator machinery, radiators, blinds and all laundry, refrigerating, gas, electric, ventilating, air-refrigerating,
air-conditioning, incinerating and sprinkling and other fire prevention or extinguishing equipment of whatsoever kind and nature
and any replacements, accessions and additions thereto, Proceeds thereof and substitutions therefor; 

5.            Instruments
(including promissory notes); 

6.            Documents; 

7.           Accounts,
including, without limitation, all Contract Rights and accounts receivable, health-care-insurance receivables, and license fees;
any other obligations or indebtedness owed to any Grantor from whatever source arising; all rights of any Grantor to receive any
payments in money or kind; all guarantees of Accounts and security therefor; all cash or non-cash Proceeds of all of the foregoing;
all of the right, title and interest of any Grantor in and with respect to the goods, services or other property which gave rise
to or which secure any of the accounts and insurance policies and proceeds relating thereto, and all of the rights of any Grantor
as an unpaid seller of goods or services, including, without limitation, the rights of stoppage in transit, replevin, reclamation
and resale and all of the foregoing, whether now existing or hereafter created or acquired; 

8.           Contracts
and Contract Rights, including, to the extent not included in the definition of Accounts, all rights to payment or performance
under a contract not yet earned by performance and not evidenced by an Instrument or Chattel Paper; 

9.           Chattel
Paper (whether tangible or electronic); 

10.          Deposit
Accounts (and in and to any deposits or other sums at any time credited to each such Deposit Account); 

11.          Money,
cash and cash equivalents; 

12.          Letters
of Credit and Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the Letter of Credit is evidenced by a writing); 

13.          Commercial
Tort Claims; 

14.          Securities
Accounts, Security Entitlements, Securities, Financial Assets and all other Investment Property, including, without limitation,
all ownership or membership interests in any subsidiaries or affiliates (whether or not controlled by any Grantor); 

15.          General
Intangibles, including, without limitation, all Payment Intangibles and Intellectual Property, tax refunds and other claims of
any Grantor against any governmental authority, and all choses in action, insurance proceeds, goodwill customer lists, formulae,
permits, research and literary rights, and franchises. 

16.          Farm
Products; 

17.          All
books and records and information (including all ledger sheets, files, computer programs, tapes and related data processing software)
evidencing an interest in or relating to any of the foregoing and/or to the operation of any Grantor s business, and all
rights of access to such books and records, and information, and all property in which such books and records, and information
are stored, recorded and maintained. 

18.          To
the extent not already included above, all Supporting Obligations, and any and all cash and non-cash Proceeds, products, accessions,
and/or replacements of any of the foregoing, including proceeds of insurance covering any or all of the foregoing. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 15
 s104312_ex10-14.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14

Exhibit 10.14  

PARENT GUARANTEE 

Parent Guarantee, dated
as of June 30, 2016 (this   Guarantee  ), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other entity
that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the   Guarantors  ), in favor of the purchasers signatory (together
with their permitted assigns, the   Secured Parties  ) to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the   Purchase
Agreement  ), dated as of the date hereof, among EWSD I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Pueblo Agriculture
Supply and Equipment , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (collectively the   Company  )
and the Secured Parties. 

WITNESSETH:  

WHEREAS , pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties have agreed
to purchase from the Company the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and 

WHEREAS , each
Guarantor will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company represented by the issuance of the Notes; 

WHEREAS , as
a material inducement to the Secured Parties to enter into the Purchase Agreement and all the other agreements to be entered into
in connection therewith, the Secured Parties have requested the Guarantors and the Company enter into this Guarantee, and 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the premises, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Secured Parties as follows: 

1.             Definitions .
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them
in the Purchase Agreement. The words  hereof,   herein,   hereto  and  hereunder 
and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision
of this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to
terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall
have the following meanings: 

Guarantee  
means this Parent Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Obligations  
means, in addition to all other costs and expenses of collection incurred by Secured Parties in enforcing any of such Obligations
and/or this Guarantee, all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several)
due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor
to the Secured Parties, including, without limitation, all obligations under this Guarantee, the Note, that certain Security Agreement
(the   Security Agreement  ), dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Secured Parties,
and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each
case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated,
whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created
or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment
is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Secured Parties as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise
as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the term  Obligations  shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Notes
and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company
or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guarantee, the Notes, the Security Agreement, and any other
instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts
(including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the
obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar
proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor. 

2.              Guarantee . 

(a)           Guarantee . 

(i)          The
Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Secured Parties and their respective
successors, endorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations. 

(ii)         Anything
herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder
and under the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable
federal and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting
the rights of creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)). 

(iii)        Each
Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor
hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties
hereunder. 

(iv)        The
guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each
Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been satisfied by indefeasible payment in full. 

(v)         No
payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Secured
Parties from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding
or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations
shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding
any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected
from such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations), remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor
hereunder until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full. 

(vi)        Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance of
which by the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Company's Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only
be liable for making the Secured Parties whole on a monetary basis for the Company's failure to perform such Obligations in accordance
with the Transaction Documents. 

(b)           Right
of Contribution . Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid
more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution
from and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantor's right
of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect
limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Secured Parties and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Secured
Parties for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder. 

(c)           No
Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor
by the Secured Parties, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Secured Parties against the
Company or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Secured Parties for the payment
of the Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any
other Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Secured Parties by the
Company on account of the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of
such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by
such Guarantor in trust for the Secured Parties, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt
by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Agent in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to
the Agent, if required), applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Secured Parties may
determine. 

(d)           Amendments,
Etc. With Respect to the Obligations . Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation
of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the
Obligations made by the Secured Parties may be rescinded by the Secured Parties and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations,
or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of
offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated,
compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Secured Parties, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in
whole or in part, as the Secured Parties may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right
of offset at any time held by the Secured Parties for the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered
or released. The Secured Parties shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by them
as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or any property subject thereto. 

(e)           Guarantee
Absolute and Unconditional . Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any
of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Secured Parties upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or
acceptance of the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have
been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this
Section 2; and all dealings between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Secured Parties, on the other
hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this
Section 2. Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice
of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands
and agrees that the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee
of payment and performance without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction
Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto
at any time or from time to time held by the Secured Parties, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of
payment or performance or fraud by Secured Parties) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any
other Person against the Secured Parties, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the
Company or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company
for the Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance.
When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Secured Parties
may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have
against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations
or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Secured Parties to make any such demand, to pursue such other
rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any
such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor
or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation
or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter
of law, of the Secured Parties against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof,  demand  shall include the commencement
and continuance of any legal proceedings. 

(f)           Reinstatement .
The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time
payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Secured Parties
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result
of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor
or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 

(g)           Payments .
Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Secured Parties without set-off or counterclaim in
U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement. 

3.            Representations
and Warranties . Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Secured Parties as of the date
hereof: 

(a)           Organization
and Qualification . The Guarantor is a corporation, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the applicable jurisdiction set forth on  Schedule 1 , with the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those
identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is
in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
could not, individually or in the aggregate, (x) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Guaranty
in any material respect, (y) have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, or financial condition
of the Guarantor or (z) adversely impair in any material respect the Guarantor's ability to perform fully on a timely basis its
obligations under this Guaranty (a   Material Adverse Effect  ). 

(b)          Authorization;
Enforcement . The Guarantor has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Guaranty, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guaranty
by the Guarantor and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action on the part of the Guarantor. This Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantor and constitutes
the valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 

(c)           No
Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor
of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation
or By-laws or (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree
or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including Federal and State securities
laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of
each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations
as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not
being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually
or in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d)           Consents
and Approvals . The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or
registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty. 

(e)           Purchase
Agreement . The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor,
each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct as of each time such representations are deemed
to be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Secured Parties shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were
fully set forth herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Company's knowledge shall,
for the purposes of this Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor's knowledge. 

4.             Covenants . 

(a)          Each
Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Secured Parties that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall
have been indefeasibly paid in full, such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially
reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the
Notes) is caused by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor. 

(b)         So
long as any of the Obligations are outstanding, unless Secured Parties holding at least 67% of the aggregate principal amount
of the then outstanding Notes shall otherwise consent in writing, each Guarantor will not directly or indirectly on or after the
date of this Guarantee: 

i.            enter
into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now
owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom except for permitted Liens; 

ii.         amend
its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to adversely affect any rights of any Secured Party; 

iii.         repay,
repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its securities or debt
obligations;  

iv.         pay
cash dividends on any equity securities of the Company; 

v.           enter
into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Guarantor which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing of the Company
with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arm s-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the
disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or 

vi.         enter
into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

5.             Miscellaneous . 

(a)           Amendments
in Writing . None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except
in writing by the Secured Parties. 

(b)           Notices .
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Secured Parties or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided
for in the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to
such Guarantor at its notice address set forth on  Schedule 5(b) . 

(c)           No
Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies . The Secured Parties shall not by any act (except by a written instrument
pursuant to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to
have acquiesced in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising,
on the part of the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial
exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Secured Parties of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not
be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Secured Parties would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights
and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights
or remedies provided by law. 

(d)           Enforcement
Expenses; Indemnification . 

(i)          Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Secured Parties for, all its reasonable costs and expenses incurred in collecting against
such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee
and the other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel to the Secured Parties. 

(ii)         Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Secured Parties harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from
any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection
with any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee. 

(iii)        Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Secured Parties harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution,
delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement. 

(iv)        The
agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents. 

(e)           Successor
and Assigns . This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit
of the Secured Parties and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate
any of its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties. 

(f)           Set-Off .
Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Parties at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default under
any of the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor,
any such notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness
or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time
held or owing by the Secured Parties to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts
as the Secured Parties may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Secured Parties
hereunder and claims of every nature and description of the Secured Parties against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising
hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, as the Secured Parties may elect, whether
or not the Secured Parties have made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent
or unmatured. The Secured Parties shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the application made by the Secured
Parties of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and
application. The rights of the Secured Parties under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without
limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Secured Parties may have. 

(g)           Counterparts .
This Guarantee may be executed by two or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts (including
by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 

(h)           Severability .
Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

(i)           Section
Headings . The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction
hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof. 

(j)           Integration .
This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Secured Parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Secured
Parties relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction
Documents. 

(k)           Governing
Laws . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Guarantee and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(l)           Acknowledgements .
Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that: 

(i)          it
has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party; 

(ii)         the
Secured Parties have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee
or any of the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Secured Parties,
on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and 

(iii)        no
joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated
hereby among the Guarantors and the Secured Parties. 

(m)           Release
of Guarantors . Each Guarantor will be released from all liability hereunder concurrently with the indefeasible repayment in
full of all amounts owed under the Purchase Agreement, the Notes and the other Transaction Documents. 

(n)           WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL .  EACH GUARANTOR AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE PURCHASERS, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.  

[Signature
Pages Follow]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

NOTIS GLOBAL, INC.   

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name: Jeffrey Goh 

Title:   CEO  

By:  

Name: 

Title:  

Consented and agreed to:  

EWSD I, LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name: Jeffrey Goh 

Title:    President 

Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name: Jeffrey Goh 

Title:    President 

ANNEX 1 TO  

PARENT GUARANTEE  

Assumption Agreement,
dated as of ____ __, ______ made by ______________________________, a ______________ corporation (the   Additional Guarantor  ),
in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Purchase Agreement. 

W I T N E S S E T H :  

WHEREAS, EWSD I, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company and Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment, LLC ,  a Delaware
limited liability company (collectively, the   Company  ) and the Secured Parties have entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Purchase
Agreement  ); 

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Purchase Agreement, Notis Global, Inc. has entered into the Parent Guarantee, dated as of June 30, 2016 (as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Guarantee  ) in favor of the Secured Parties; 

WHEREAS, the Purchase
Agreement requires the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee; and 

WHEREAS, the Additional
Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
IT IS AGREED:  

1.           Guarantee .
By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor
thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. The information set forth in
Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in  Schedule 1  to the Guarantee. The Additional Guarantor hereby
represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee is true and correct
on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption Agreement) as if made on and
as of such date. 

2.           Governing
Law . THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

[ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]    

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Name:  
     Jeffrey Goh 

Title:  
     President 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-31.1>
 16
 s104312_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Jeffrey Goh, certify that:  

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Notis Global, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and  

(b) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(c) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 21, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Jeffrey Goh 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 s104312_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Notis Global, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeffrey Goh, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 21, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey Goh 

Jeffrey Goh 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 40
 ngbl-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 41
 ngbl-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 42
 ngbl-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 43
 ngbl-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 44
 ngbl-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 45
 ngbl-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

