<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1083446_0001144204-16-134062_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5463605</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141670</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>302698</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1510755</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2555543</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>845687</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>58</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134062.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114144903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134062
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				870042699
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37392
		FILM NUMBER:		161993894

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 NORTH BRAND BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			GLENDALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-396-8050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 NORTH BRAND BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			GLENDALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SICLONE INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134062.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452674_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

x   
    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

Commission File No.  

  001-37392  

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

700 North Brand Boulevard, Suite 1400  

  Glendale, California 91203  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(818) 396-8050  

 (Issuer s telephone number)  

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title
    of each Class  
      Name
    of each Exchange on which Registered   

None   

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 Common Stock, $.001 Par Value 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:     x
    Yes        
     No.  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       x
    Yes        
     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer      
         
      Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer        
         
      Smaller reporting company     
      x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):     
  Yes   x  
No  

As of November 7, 2016, there were 5,956,877 shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding.  

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC.  

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q FILING  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE    

PART
    I    

FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Condensed
    Consolidated Financial Statements   Unaudited   
      4   

Balance
    Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016   
      4   

Statements
    of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Statements
    of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes
    to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      20   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     26  
 
      Item 4.  
       Control
    and Procedures.   
     26  

PART
    II    

OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
     26  
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk
    Factors   
     27  
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and the Use of Proceeds   
     27  
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults
    upon Senior Securities   
     27  
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
     27  
 
      Item 5.  
       Other
    Information   
     27  
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
     28  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This document contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking
statements  for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings,
revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations;
any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance;
any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

Forward-looking statements may include the
words  may,   could,   will,   estimate,   intend,   continue, 
 believe,   expect  or  anticipate  or other similar words. These forward-looking statements
present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we
do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statement. 

Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed
in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking
statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. Some of the key factors impacting these risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to:  

risks
                                         related to our ability to raise capital;    

our
                                         ability to retain key individuals, including our Chief Executive Officer, Warren Hosseinion,
                                         M.D.    

the
                                         impact of rigorous competition in the healthcare industry generally;    

the
                                         impact on our business, if any, as a result of changes in the way market share is measured
                                         by third parties;    

our
                                         dependence on a few larger payors;    

whether
                                         or not we receive an  all or nothing  annual payment from the Centers for
                                         Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ) in connection with our participation
                                         in the Medicare Shared Savings Program (the  MSSP );    

changes
                                         in Federal and state programs and policies regarding medical reimbursements and capitated
                                         payments for health services we provide;    

the
                                         overall success of our acquisition strategy in locating and acquiring new businesses,
                                         and the integration of any acquired businesses with our existing operations;    

industry-wide
                                         market factors and regulatory and other developments affecting our operations;    

The
                                         impact of intense competition in the healthcare industry;    

Changing
                                         rules and regulations regarding reimbursements for medical services from private insurance,
                                         on which we are significantly dependent in generating revenue;    

Changing
                                         government programs in which we participate for the provision of health services and
                                         on which we are also significantly dependent in generating revenue;    

Industry-wide
                                         market factors, laws, regulations and other developments affecting our industry in general
                                         and our operations in particular;    

General
                                         economic uncertainty;    

The
                                         impact of any potential future impairment of our assets;    

Risks
                                         related to changes in accounting interpretations;    

The
                                         impact, including additional costs, of mandates and other obligations that may be imposed
                                         upon us as a result of new -federal healthcare laws, including the Patient Protection
                                         and Affordable Care Act (the  ACA ), the rules and regulations promulgated
                                         thereunder and any executive action with respect thereto; and    

Ability
                                         to raise additional capital or borrow funds if our liquidity situation requires us to
                                         do so.    

For a detailed description of these and other
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, please see
the section entitled  Risk Factors,  beginning on page 29 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March
31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on June 29, 2016. 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS,
INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

APOLLO
MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS,
INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

APOLLO
MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

1.           Description
of Business  

Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (the  Company 
or  ApolloMed ) and its affiliated physician groups are a patient-centered, physician-centric integrated healthcare
delivery company working to provide coordinated, outcomes-based medical care in a cost-effective manner. ApolloMed has built a
company and culture that is focused on physicians providing high quality care, population management and care coordination for
patients, particularly for senior patients and patients with multiple chronic conditions. 

ApolloMed serves Medicare, Medicaid and health
maintenance organization ( HMO ) patients, and uninsured patients, in California. The Company primarily provides services
to patients who are covered predominately by private or public insurance, although the Company derives a small portion of its
revenue from non-insured patients. The Company provides care coordination services to each major constituent of the healthcare
delivery system, including patients, families, primary care physicians, specialists, acute care hospitals, alternative sites of
inpatient care, physician groups and health plans. 

ApolloMed s physician network consists
of hospitalists, primary care physicians and specialist physicians primarily through ApolloMed s owned and affiliated physician
groups. ApolloMed operates through the following subsidiaries: Apollo Medical Management, Inc. ( AMM ), Pulmonary
Critical Care Management, Inc. ( PCCM ), Verdugo Medical Management, Inc. ( VMM ), ApolloMed Accountable
Care Organization, Inc. ( ApolloMed ACO ), and Apollo Care Connect (ApolloCare). Through its wholly-owned subsidiary,
AMM, ApolloMed manages affiliated medical groups, which consist of ApolloMed Hospitalists ( AMH ), a hospitalist company,
ApolloMed Care Clinic ( ACC ), Maverick Medical Group, Inc. ( MMG ), AKM Medical Group, Inc. ( AKM ),
Southern California Heart Centers ( SCHC ) and Bay Area Hospitalist Associates, A Medical Corporation ( BAHA ).
Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PCCM, ApolloMed manages Los Angeles Lung Center ( LALC ), and through its wholly-owned
subsidiary VMM, ApolloMed manages Eli Hendel, M.D., Inc. ( Hendel ). ApolloMed also has a controlling interest in
ApolloMed Palliative Services, LLC ( APS ), which owns two Los Angeles-based companies, Best Choice Hospice Care LLC
( BCHC ) and Holistic Health Home Health Care Inc. ( HCHHA ). 

AMM, PCCM and VMM each operate as a physician
practice management company and are in the business of providing management services to physician practice corporations under
long-term management service agreements, pursuant to which AMM, PCCM or VMM, as applicable, manages all non-medical services for
the affiliated medical group and has exclusive authority over all non-medical decision making related to ongoing business operations. 

ApolloMed ACO participates in the Medicare
Shared Savings Program (MSSP), the goal of which is to improve the quality of patient care and outcomes through more efficient
and coordinated approach among providers. Revenues earned by ApolloMed ACO are uncertain, and, if such amounts are payable by
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), they will be paid on an annual basis significantly after the time earned,
and are contingent on various factors, including achievement of the minimum savings rate as determined by MSSP for the relevant
period. Such payments are earned and made on an  all or nothing  basis. CMS has determined that ApolloMed ACO did
not meet the minimum savings threshold and therefore did not receive any incentive payment in fiscal year 2016 for calendar 2015. 

In January 2016, the Company formed ApolloCare
Connect which acquired certain technology and other assets of Healarium, Inc., which provides the Company with a cloud and mobile-based
population health management platform that includes digital care plans, a case management module, connectivity with multiple healthcare
tracking devices and the ability to integrate with multiple electronic health records to capture clinical data. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization
of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, the Company has incurred a net loss of approximately $2.4 million and used approximately $4.4 million in
cash from operating activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016, and, as of September 30, 2016 has an accumulated
deficit and a total stockholders  deficit of approximately $31.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively. 

The primary source of liquidity as of September
30, 2016 is cash and cash equivalents of approximately $3.8 million. 

The Company is currently exploring sources
of additional funding. Without limiting its available options, future equity financings will most likely be through the sale of
additional shares of its securities. It is possible that the Company could also offer warrants, options and/or rights in conjunction
with any future issuances of its common stock. The Company s sources of revenues are insufficient to cover its operating
costs, and as such, has incurred an operating loss since its inception. Thus, until the Company can generate sufficient cash flows
to fund operations, the Company is dependent on raising additional capital through debt and/or equity transactions. In addition,
the Company may have to reduce certain overhead costs through the deferral of salaries and other means, and settle liabilities
through negotiation. Currently, the Company does not have any commitments or assurances for additional capital, nor can the Company
provide assurance that such financing will be available and on favorable terms, or at all. If, after utilizing the existing sources
of capital available to the Company, further capital needs are identified and the Company is not successful in obtaining the financing,
it may be forced to curtail its existing or planned future operations. 

The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to attain a satisfactory level of profitability and obtain suitable
and adequate financing. There can be no assurance that management s plan will be successful. Accordingly, these factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event that the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 

2.          Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying condensed consolidated balance
sheet at March 31, 2016, has been derived from audited consolidated financial statements. The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and for the six months then ended, have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information
and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information
and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated
financial statements and related footnotes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016
as filed with the SEC on June 29, 2016. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been made in the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
condensed consolidated financial statements include all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary
to make the condensed consolidated financial statements not misleading as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. Operating results
for the three and six month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for the year ending March 31, 2017. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. and all its wholly and majority owned subsidiaries
as well as all variable interest entities where it is the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenue consists of contracted, fee-for-service,
and capitation revenue. Revenue is recorded in the period in which services are rendered. Revenue is principally derived from
the provision of healthcare staffing services to patients within healthcare facilities. The form of billing and related risk of
collection for such services may vary by customer. The following is a summary of the principal forms of the Company s billing
arrangements and how net revenue is recognized for each. 

Contracted revenue  

Contracted revenue represents revenue generated
under contracts for which the Company provides physician and other healthcare staffing and administrative services in return for
a contractually negotiated fee. Contract revenue consists primarily of billings based on hours of healthcare staffing provided
at agreed-to hourly rates. Revenue in such cases is recognized as the hours are worked by the Company s staff and contractors.
Additionally, contract revenue also includes supplemental revenue from hospitals where the Company may have a fee-for-service
contract arrangement or provide physician advisory services to the medical staff at a specific facility. Contract revenue for
the supplemental billing in such cases is recognized based on the terms of each individual contract. Such contract terms generally
either provides for a fixed monthly dollar amount or a variable amount based upon measurable monthly activity, such as hours staffed,
patient visits or collections per visit compared to a minimum activity threshold. Such supplemental revenues based on variable
arrangements are usually contractually fixed on a monthly, quarterly or annual calculation basis considering the variable factors
negotiated in each such arrangement. Such supplemental revenues are recognized as revenue in the period when such amounts are
determined to be fixed and therefore contractually obligated as payable by the customer under the terms of the respective agreement.
Additionally, the Company derives a portion of the Company s revenue as a contractual bonus from collections received by
the Company s partners and such revenue is contingent upon the collection of third-party billings. These revenues are not
considered earned and therefore not recognized as revenue until actual cash collections are achieved in accordance with the contractual
arrangements for such services.  

Fee-for-service revenue  

Fee-for-service revenue represents revenue
earned under contracts in which the Company bills and collects the professional component of charges for medical services rendered
by the Company s contracted physicians. Under the fee-for-service arrangements, the Company bills patients for services
provided and receives payment from patients or their third-party payors. Fee-for-service revenue is reported net of contractual
allowances and policy discounts. All services provided are expected to result in cash flows and are therefore reflected as net
revenue in the consolidated financial statements. Fee-for-service revenue is recognized in the period in which the services are
rendered to specific patients and reduced immediately for the estimated impact of contractual allowances in the case of those
patients having third-party payor coverage. The recognition of net revenue (gross charges less contractual allowances) from such
visits is dependent on such factors as proper completion of medical charts following a patient visit, the forwarding of such charts
to the Company s billing center for medical coding and entering into the Company s billing system and the verification
of each patient s submission or representation at the time services are rendered as to the payor(s) responsible for payment
of such services. Revenue is recorded based on the information known at the time of entering of such information into the Company s
billing systems as well as an estimate of the revenue associated with medical services. 

Capitation revenue  

Capitation revenue (net of capitation withheld
to fund risk share deficits) is recognized in the month in which the Company is obligated to provide services. Minor ongoing adjustments
to prior months  capitation, primarily arising from contracted health maintenance organizations (each, an  HMO )
finalizing of monthly patient eligibility data for additions or subtractions of enrollees, are recognized in the month they are
communicated to the Company. Managed care revenues of the Company consist primarily of capitated fees for medical services provided
by the Company under a provider service agreement ( PSA ) or capitated arrangements directly made with various managed
care providers including HMO s and management service organizations ( MSOs ). Capitation revenue under the PSA
and HMO contracts is prepaid monthly to the Company based on the number of enrollees electing the Company as their healthcare
provider. Additionally, Medicare pays capitation using a  Risk Adjustment model,  which compensates managed care organizations
and providers based on the health status (acuity) of each individual enrollee. Health plans and providers with higher acuity enrollees
will receive more and those with lower acuity enrollees will receive less. Under Risk Adjustment, capitation is determined based
on health severity, measured using patient encounter data. Capitation is paid on an interim basis based on data submitted for
the enrollee for the preceding year and is adjusted in subsequent periods after the final data is compiled. Positive or negative
capitation adjustments are made for Medicare enrollees with conditions requiring more or less healthcare services than assumed
in the interim payments. Since the Company cannot reliably predict these adjustments, periodic changes in capitation amounts earned
as a result of Risk Adjustment are recognized when those changes are communicated by the health plans to the Company. 

HMO contracts also include provisions to share
in the risk for enrollee hospitalization, whereby the Company can earn additional incentive revenue or incur penalties based upon
the utilization of hospital services. Typically, any shared risk deficits are not payable until and unless the Company generates
future risk sharing surpluses, or if the HMO withholds a portion of the capitation revenue to fund any risk share deficits. At
the termination of the HMO contract, any accumulated risk share deficit is typically extinguished. Due to the lack of access to
information necessary to estimate the related costs, shared-risk amounts receivable from the HMOs are only recorded when such
amounts are known. Risk pools for the prior contract years are generally final settled in the third or fourth quarter of the following
fiscal year. 

In addition to risk-sharing revenues, the
Company also receives incentives under  pay-for-performance  programs for quality medical care, based on various criteria.
These incentives are generally recorded in the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year and recorded when such amounts are
known. 

Under full risk capitation contracts, an affiliated
hospital enters into agreements with several HMOs, pursuant to which, the affiliated hospital provides hospital, medical, and
other healthcare services to enrollees under a fixed capitation arrangement ( Capitation Arrangement ). Under the
risk pool sharing agreement, the affiliated hospital and medical group agree to establish a Hospital Control Program to serve
the enrollees, pursuant to which, the medical group is allocated a percentage of the profit or loss, after deductions for costs
to affiliated hospitals. The Company participates in full risk programs under the terms of the PSA, with health plans whereby
the Company is wholly liable for the deficits allocated to the medical group under the arrangement. The related liability is included
in medical liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 (see  Medical
Liabilities  in this Note 2, below). 

Medicare Shared Savings Program Revenue  

The Company, through its subsidiary ApolloMed
ACO, participates in the MSSP, which is sponsored by the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ). The
goal of the MSSP is to improve the quality of patient care and outcomes through more efficient and coordinated approach among
providers. The MSSP allows ACO participants to share in cost savings it generates in connection with rendering medical services
to Medicare patients. Payments to ACO participants, if any, will be calculated annually by CMS on cost savings generated by the
ACO participant relative to the ACO participants  cost savings benchmark. The MSSP is a relatively new program managed by
CMS that has an evolving payment methodology. Revenues earned by ApolloMed ACO are uncertain, and, if such amounts are payable
by the CMS, they will be paid on an annual basis significantly after the time earned, and will be contingent on various factors,
including achievement of the minimum savings rate as determined by MSSP for the relevant period. Such payments are earned and
made on an  all or nothing  basis. The Company considers revenue, if any, under the MSSP, as contingent upon the realization
of program savings as determined by CMS, and are not considered earned and therefore are not recognized as revenue until notice
from CMS that cash payments are to be imminently received. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may materially differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts  

Accounts receivable primarily consists of
amounts due from third-party payors, including government sponsored Medicare and Medicaid programs, insurance companies, and amounts
due from hospitals and patients. Accounts receivable are recorded and stated at the amount expected to be collected. 

The Company maintains reserves for potential
credit losses on accounts receivable. The Company reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts,
customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate
the adequacy of these reserves. The Company also regularly analyzes the ultimate collectability of accounts receivable after certain
stages of the collection cycle using a look-back analysis to determine the amount of receivables subsequently collected and adjustments
are recorded when necessary. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. 

Concentrations  

The Company had major payors that contributed
the following percentage of net revenue: 

*
Represents less than 10% 

Receivables from major payors amounted to
the following percentage of total accounts receivable: 

The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents
in bank deposit accounts, which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in
such accounts; however, amounts in excess of the federally insured limit may be at risk if the bank experiences financial difficulties.
Approximately $3.4 million and $8.8 million was in excess of the FDIC limits as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 respectively. 

The Company s business and operations
are concentrated in one state, California. Any material changes by California with respect to strategy, taxation and economics
of healthcare delivery, reimbursements, financial requirements or other aspects of regulation of the healthcare industry could
have an adverse effect on the Company s operations and cost of doing business. 

Medical Liabilities  

The Company is responsible for integrated
care that the associated physicians and contracted hospitals provide to its enrollees under risk-pool arrangements. The Company
provides integrated care to health plan enrollees through a network of contracted providers under sub-capitation and direct patient
service arrangements, company-operated clinics and staff physicians. Medical costs for professional and institutional services
rendered by contracted providers are recorded as cost of services in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Costs
for operating medical clinics, including the salaries of medical personnel, are also recorded in cost of services, while non-medical
personnel and support costs are included in general and administrative expense. 

An estimate of amounts due to contracted physicians,
hospitals, and other professional providers is included in medical liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Medical liabilities include claims reported as of the balance sheet date and estimates of incurred but not reported claims ( IBNR ).
Such estimates are developed using actuarial methods and are based on many variables, including the utilization of health care
services, historical payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, changes in membership, and other factors. The estimation
methods and the resulting reserves are periodically reviewed and updated. Many of the medical contracts are complex in nature
and may be subject to differing interpretations regarding amounts due for the provision of various services. Such differing interpretations
may not come to light until a substantial period of time has passed following the contract implementation. The Company has a $20,000
per member professional stop-loss and $200,000 per member stop-loss for Medi-Cal patients in institutional risk pools. Any adjustments
to reserves are reflected in current operations. 

The Company s medical liabilities were as follows: 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company maintains a stock-based compensation
program for employees, non-employees, directors and consultants, which is more fully described in Note 6. The value of stock-based
awards so measured is recognized as compensation expense on a cumulative straight-line basis over the vesting terms of the awards,
adjusted for expected forfeitures. The Company sells certain of its restricted common stock to its employees, directors and consultants
with a right (but not obligation) of repurchase feature that lapses based on performance of services in the future. 

The Company accounts for share-based awards
granted to persons other than employees and directors under ASC 505-50 Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. As such the fair
value of such shares is periodically re-measured using an appropriate valuation model and income or expense is recognized over
the vesting period. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures defines
fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs)
and an entity s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels: 

Level one - Quoted market prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level two - Inputs other than level one inputs
that are either directly or indirectly observable; and 

Level three - Unobservable inputs developed
using estimates and assumptions, which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant
would use. 

Determining which category an asset or liability
falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. The Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures each quarter.  

The carrying amount reported in the accompanying
condensed consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of those instruments. The carrying amount for borrowings under the
lines of credit approximate fair value which is determined by using interest rates that are available for similar debt obligations
with similar terms at the balance sheet date. 

Warrant liability  

In October 2015, the Company issued a warrant
in connection with the Network Medical Management ( NMM ) Series A convertible preferred stock and stock purchase
warrant financing that required liability classification. The fair value of the warrant liability of approximately $1.5 million
at September 30, 2016 issued to NMM in October 2015 was estimated using the Monte Carlo valuation model which used the following
inputs: term of 4.04 years, risk free rate of 0.99%, no dividends, volatility of 61.7%, share price of $4.50 per share based on
the trading price of the Company s common stock adjusted for a marketability discount. The fair value of the warrant liability
of approximately $2.8 million at March 31, 2016 was estimated using the Monte Carlo valuation model, using the following inputs:
term of 4.5 years, risk free rate of 1.13%, no dividends, volatility of 65.7%, share price of $5.93 per share based on the trading
price of the Company s common stock adjusted for marketability discount, and a 0% probability of redemption of the warrant
shares issued along with the shares of the Company s convertible preferred stock issued to NMM in October 2015. 

The carrying amounts and fair values of the
Company's financial instruments are presented below as of: 

September 30, 2016 

March 31, 2016 

The following summarizes the activity of Level 3 inputs measured
on a recurring basis for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016: 

The gain on change in fair value of the warrant
liability of $511,111 and $1,333,333 for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and gain (loss) on change in fair value
of the warrant liability and conversion feature liability of $96,852 and $(116,866) for the three and six months ended September
30, 2015, are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. The change in fair value during the
six months ended September 30, 2015 relates to a warrant liability and embedded conversion feature resulting from a 2014 financing
transaction with NNA of Nevada, Inc. ( NNA ) which was settled in October 2015. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
following a review of the terms of certain derivative instruments entered into with NNA on March 28, 2014, management determined
that a warrant liability was incorrectly valued which resulted in certain amounts being incorrectly stated in prior periods. Based
on an analysis of the resulting adjustments, management determined that the prior consolidated financial statements were not considered
to be materially misstated. Accordingly, the Company recorded an out of period correction during the quarter ended September 30,
2015 which included an adjustment of $999,724 to properly record the valuation of its warrant liability. 

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share  

Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated
using the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding during a certain period,
and is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock issued
and outstanding during such period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is calculated using the weighted average number of common
and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period, using the as-if converted method for secured convertible
notes, and the treasury stock method for options and warrants. 

The following table sets forth the number
of shares excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive: 

New Accounting Pronouncements    

In February 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-02, Leases ( ASU 2016-02 ). This new standard establishes
a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the
pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on the consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting 
( ASU 2016-09 ). This ASU makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer
tax withholding on share-based compensation, and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies.
ASU 2016-09 also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company
expects to adopt this guidance when effective and is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

On August 2014, FASB issued
Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concerns (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The amendments require management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing
standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every
reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s
plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s
plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in
this update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted. We do not intend to early adopt and do not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have
a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments - Overall (Topic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities ( ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures
of financial instruments including the requirement to measure certain equity investments at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income. ASU 2016-01 will become effective for the Company beginning interim period April 1, 2018. The Company
is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact on its financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows and financial statement disclosures. 

The FASB issued the following
accounting standard updates related to Topic 606, Revenue Contracts with Customers: 

ASU
No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ( ASU 2014-09 ) in May 2014. ASU 2014-09 requires entities
to recognize revenue through the application of a five-step model, which includes identification of the contract, identification
of the performance obligations, determination of the transaction price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies the performance obligations. 

ASU
No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross
versus Net) ( ASU 2016-08 ) in March 2016. ASU 2016-08 does not change the core principle of revenue recognition in
Topic 606 but clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. 

ASU
No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ( ASU 2016-10 )
in April 2016. ASU 2016-10 does not change the core principle of revenue recognition in Topic 606 but clarifies the implementation
guidance on identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles
for those areas. 

ASU
No. 2016-11, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting
Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting (SEC Update) ( ASU
2016-11 ) in May 2016. ASU 2016-11 rescinds SEC paragraphs pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF
meeting. The SEC Staff is rescinding SEC Staff Observer comments that are codified in Topic 605 and Topic 932, effective upon
adoption of Topic 606. 

ASU No. 2016-12,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients ( ASU 2016-12 )
in May 2016. ASU 2016-12 does not change the core principle of revenue recognition in Topic 606 but clarifies the measurement
and presentation as well as to include some practical expedients and policy elections. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-17, Consolidation: Interests Held through Related Parties that are under Common Control ( ASU 2016-17 ). ASU 2016-17
amends the consolidation guidance on how a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE should treat indirect interest
in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity when determining whether it
is the primary beneficiary of that VIE. ASU 2016-17 will become effective for the Company beginning interim period April 1, 2017.
Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. During the period ended September 30, 2016, the Company
retrospectively adopted ASU 2016-17 and such adoption did not have an impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This ASU provides
clarification regarding how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.
This ASU addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The issues
addressed in this ASU that will affect the Company are classifying debt prepayments or debt extinguishment costs and contingent
consideration payments made after a business combination. This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing
the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3.        Goodwill
and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill  

There was no change in Goodwill in the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016 and March, 31 2016. 

Intangible assets, net consisted of the following:  

There were no additions to the intangible assets in the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016. The amortization expense for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
approximately $95,000 and $190,000, $47,000 and $94,000 respectively. The following table summarizes the approximate expected
future amortization expense as of September 30, 2016 for definite-lived intangible assets: 

4.        Accounts Payable
and Accrued Liabilities  

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted
of the following: 

5.         Income Taxes   

The Company uses the liability method of accounting
for income taxes as set forth in FASB ASC 740. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. 

On an interim basis, the Company estimates
what its anticipated annual effective tax rate will be and records a quarterly income tax provision (benefit) in accordance with
the estimated annual rate, plus the tax effect of certain discrete items that arise during the quarter. As the fiscal year progresses,
the Company refines its estimates based on actual events and financial results during the quarter. This process can result in
significant changes to the Company s estimated effective tax rate. When this occurs, the income tax provision (benefit)
is adjusted during the quarter in which the estimates are refined so that the year-to-date provision reflects the estimated annual
effective tax rate. These changes, along with adjustments to the Company s deferred taxes and related valuation allowance,
may create fluctuations in the overall effective tax rate from quarter to quarter. 

Due to overall cumulative losses incurred
in recent years, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016. 

The Company s effective tax rate for
the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to operating losses
that receive no tax benefit as a result of a valuation allowance recorded for such losses, prior year tax liability differences
and the exclusion of loss entities from our overall estimated annual effective rate calculation under guidance from ASC 740-270-30-26a. 

As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016,
the Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. The Company will
recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

The Company is subject to U.S. federal income
tax as well as income tax of multiple state tax jurisdictions. The Company and its subsidiaries  state income tax returns
are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the years ended January 31, 2012 onwards. The Company does not anticipate
material unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

6.        Stockholders 
Equity  

Preferred Stock   Series A  

On October 14, 2015, Company entered into
an agreement (the  Agreement ) with NMM pursuant to which the Company sold to NMM, and NMM purchased from the Company,
in a private offering of securities, 1,111,111 units, each unit consisting of one share of the Company s Preferred Stock
(the  Series A ) and a stock purchase warrant to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of $9.00 per share. NMM paid the Company an aggregate $10,000,000 for the units, the proceeds of which were used by the
Company primarily to repay certain outstanding indebtedness owed by the Company to NNA and the balance for working capital. 

The Series A has a liquidation preference
in the amount of $9.00 per share plus any declared and unpaid dividends. The Preferred Stock can be voted for the number of shares
of Common Stock into which the Series A could then be converted, which initially is one-for-one. The Series A is convertible into
Common Stock, at the option of NMM, at any time after issuance at an initial conversion rate of one-for-one, subject to adjustment
in the event of stock dividends, stock splits and certain other similar transactions. 

At any time prior to conversion and through
the Redemption Expiration Date (as described below), the Series A may be redeemed at the option of NMM, on one occasion, in the
event that the Company s net revenues for the four quarters ending September 30, 2016, as reported in its periodic filings
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are less than $60,000,000. In such event, the Company shall have up to
one year from the date of the notice of redemption by NMM to redeem the Series A, the warrants and any shares of Common Stock
issued in connection with the exercise of any warrants theretofore (collectively the  Redeemed Securities ), for the
aggregate price paid therefor by NMM, together with interest at a rate of 10% per annum from the date of the notice of redemption
until the closing of the redemption. Any mandatory conversion described previously shall not take place until such time as it
is determined that that conditions for the redemption of the Redeemed Securities have not been satisfied or, if such conditions
exist, NMM has decided not to have such securities redeemed. As the redemption feature is not solely within the control of the
Company, the Series A does not qualify as permanent equity and has been classified as mezzanine or temporary equity. 

The Company did not attain the $60,000,000
net revenues milestone noted above for the four quarters ended September 30, 2016. Accordingly, the Series A are currently subject
to redemption for $10,000,000. However, as of the date of this filing, no such redemption notice has been received by the Company. 

The common stock warrants may be exercised
at any time after issuance and through October 14, 2020, for $9.00 per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
and stock splits. The warrants are not separately transferable from the Preferred Stock. The warrants are subject to redemption
in the event the Preferred Stock is redeemed by NMM, as described above. Accordingly, the Company has accounted for such warrants
as liabilities and has marked such liability to its fair value at each subsequent reporting period. The Company determined the
fair value of the warrant liability to be $2,922,222 at inception which was estimated using the Monte Carlo valuation model (see
Note 2) with the value of the Series A being the residual value of $7,077,778. 

Common Stock Issuance  

During the six months ended September
30, 2016, the Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock and received approximately $172,000 from the exercise of certain warrants
at an exercise price of $1.1485 per share. 

Equity Incentive Plans    

The Company s amended 2010 Equity
Incentive Plan (the  2010 Plan ) allowed the Board to grant up to 1,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
and provided for awards including incentive stock options, non-qualified options, restricted common stock, and stock appreciation
rights. As of September 30, 2016, there were no shares available for grant.  

On April 29, 2013 the Company s
Board of Directors approved the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ), pursuant to which 500,000
shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for issuance thereunder. The Company received approval of the 2013 Plan
from the Company s stockholders on May 19, 2013. The Company issues new shares to satisfy stock option and warrant exercises
under the 2013 Plan. As of September 30, 2016 there were no shares available for future grants under the 2013 Plan. 

On December 15, 2015, the Company s
Board of Directors approved the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ), pursuant to which 1,500,000
shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for issuance thereunder. In addition, shares that are subject to outstanding
grants under the Company s 2010 Plan and 2013 Plan but that ordinarily would have been restored to such plans reserve due
to award forfeitures and terminations will roll into and become available for awards under the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan provides
for awards, including incentive stock options, non-qualified options, restricted common stock, and stock appreciation rights.
The 2015 Plan was subject to approval by the Company s stockholders, which approval was obtained at the 2016 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders that was held on September 14, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately 1,126,000 shares available
for future grants under the 2015 Plan.  

Options  

Stock option activity for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized
compensation costs related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company s 2010, 2013 and
2015 Equity Plans was $499,439 and the weighted-average period of years expected to recognize those costs was 2.42 years. 

Stock-based compensation expense related
to common stock option awards is recognized over their respective vesting periods and was included in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statement of operations as follows: 

Warrants  

Warrants consisted of the following for the six months ended
September 30, 2016: 

Authorized stock  

At September 30, 2016 the Company was
authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company is required to reserve and keep available out of the
authorized but unissued shares of common stock such number of shares sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding preferred
stock, the exercise of all outstanding warrants exercisable into shares of common stock, and shares granted and available for
grant under the Company s stock option plans. The amount of shares of common stock reserved for these purposes is as follows
at September 30, 2016:  

7.        
Commitments and Contingencies  

Regulatory Matters  

As a risk-bearing organization, the Company
is required to follow regulations of the California Department of Managed Health Care ( DMHC ). The Company must comply
with a minimum working capital requirement, Tangible Net Equity ( TNE ) requirement, cash-to-claims ratio and claims
payment requirements prescribed by the DMHC. TNE is defined as net assets less intangibles, less non-allowable assets (which include
amounts due from affiliates), plus subordinated obligations. The DMHC determined that, as of February 28, 2016, MMG, was not in
compliance with the DMHC s positive TNE requirement for a Risk Bearing Organization ( RBO ). As a result, the
DMHC required MMG to develop and implement a corrective action plan ( CAP ) for such deficiency. CAP has been submitted
and is under review by DMHC. 

Legal  

On May 16, 2014, Lakeside Medical Group,
Inc. and Regal Medical Group, Inc., two independent physician associations who compete with the Company in the greater Los Angeles
area, filed an action against the Company and two affiliates of the Company, MMG and AMH, in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
The complaint alleged that the Company and its two affiliates made misrepresentations and engaged in other acts in order to improperly
solicit physicians and patient-enrollees from Plaintiffs. The Complaint sought compensatory and punitive damages. On June 30,
2014, the Company and its affiliates filed a motion requesting the Court to stay the court proceeding and order the parties to
arbitrate this dispute subject to existing arbitration agreements. On August 11, 2014, the Plaintiffs filed a request for dismissal
without prejudice of the action. On August 12, 2014, the Plaintiffs served the Company and its affiliates with Demands for Arbitration
before Judicial Arbitration Mediation Services ( JAMS ) in Los Angeles. The Company is currently examining the merits
of the claims to be arbitrated, and it is too early to state whether the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable or remote,
or to estimate the potential loss if the outcome should be negative. The Company is aware that punitive damages previously sought
in the court proceeding are not available in arbitration. The Company and its affiliates are preparing a defense to the allegations
and the Company intends to vigorously defend the action. 

On August 28, 2014, Lakeside Medical Group,
Inc. and Regal Medical Group, Inc., filed a similar lawsuit against Warren Hosseinion, the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
Dr. Hosseinion is defending the action and is currently being indemnified by the Company subject to the terms of an indemnification
agreement and the Company s charter. The Company has an existing Directors and Officers insurance policy. On September 9,
2014, Dr. Hosseinion filed a motion requesting the Court to stay the court proceeding and, pursuant to existing arbitration agreements,
order the parties to arbitrate the dispute as part of the pending arbitration proceedings before JAMS (as discussed above). On
October 29, 2014, the Plaintiffs filed a request for dismissal without prejudice of the action. On November 13, 2014, Plaintiffs
served Dr. Hosseinion with Demands for Arbitration before JAMS in Los Angeles, and on November 19, 2014, the parties agreed to
consolidate the two proceedings against Dr. Hosseinion with the two existing proceedings against the Company and its affiliates.
The parties are currently pursuing mediation of the dispute. The Company continues to examine the merits of the claims to be arbitrated
against Dr. Hosseinion, and it is too early to state whether the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable or remote, or
to estimate the potential loss if the outcome should be negative. The Company is aware that punitive damages previously sought
in the court proceeding against Dr. Hosseinion are not available in arbitration. 

In the ordinary course of the Company s
business, the Company becomes involved in pending and threatened legal actions and proceedings, most of which involve claims of
medical malpractice related to medical services provided by the Company s affiliated hospitalists. The Company may also
become subject to other lawsuits which could involve significant claims and/or significant defense costs. The Company believes,
based upon the Company s review of pending actions and proceedings, that the outcome of such legal actions and proceedings
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
The outcome of such actions and proceedings, however, cannot be predicted with certainty and an unfavorable resolution of one
or more of them could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows in a future period.  

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the parties
resolved the matter in a written settlement agreement without an adjudication or admission of liability by any of the parties. 

8.        
Related Party Transactions  

On January 12, 2016, the Company entered
into a consulting agreement with Mr. Gary Augusta, the President of Flacane Advisors, Inc. ( Flacane ) and the Company s
Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors (the  2016 Augusta Consulting Agreement ), to replace a substantially
similar agreement between the Company and Flacane that expired by its terms on December 31, 2015. Under the 2016 Augusta Consulting
Agreement, the Augusta Consultant is paid $25,000 per month to provide business and strategic services to the Company; and Augusta
Consultant is also eligible to receive options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock as determined by the Company s
Board of Directors. In addition, Mr. Augusta is subject to a Directors Agreement with the Company dated March 7, 2012. The Company
owed the Augusta Consultant approximately $5,006 and $9,500, at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 and March 31,
2016, accounts payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheets include $0 and $104,500, respectively, for principal and accrued
interest owed to a 9% note holder who is also a shareholder of the Company. 

In September 2015, the Company was issued
a promissory note by Rob Mikitarian, a minority owner in APS, in the principal amount of approximately $150,000. The note accrues
interest at 3% per annum and is due on or before September 2017. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the outstanding balance
of the note was approximately $150,000, and is included in other receivables in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance
sheets. 

In September 2015, the Company was issued
a promissory note by Dr. Liviu Chindris, a minority owner in APS, in the principal amount of approximately $105,000. The note
accrues interest at 3% per annum and is due on or before September 2017. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the outstanding
balance of the note was approximately $105,000, and is included in other receivables in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets. 

9.        
Subsequent Events  

As previously reported in a Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by us on November 10, 2016, BAHA Acquisition, a Medical Corporation, a California professional corporation ( Acquisition ),
an affiliate of the Company, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ) dated as of November
4, 2016 with BAHA and Scott Enderby, D.O. ( Enderby ), pursuant to which Enderby sold to Acquisition, and Acquisition
purchased from Enderby, 100% of the issued and outstanding stock of BAHA (the  BAHA Stock ), of which Enderby was the
sole holder beneficially and of record (the  Transaction ). Warren Hosseinion, M.D., our Chief Executive Officer, is
the sole stockholder of Acquisition, as nominee for our wholly-owned subsidiary, Apollo Medical Management, Inc. 

As provided for in
the Stock Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for the BAHA Stock consists of (i) a payment of $25,000 (the  Initial Payment )
at the closing (the  Closing ) of the Transaction, which also took place on November 4, 2016 (the  Closing Date );
(ii) a contingent payment in the aggregate amount of $100,000 to be paid over a period of 18 months following the Closing (the
 Contingent Payment ); and (iii) a warrant to purchase 24,000 shares of our common stock (the  Warrant )
issued to Enderby. We have informally agreed with Enderby to defer the Initial Payment from the Closing until after the delivery
of the closing statement calculating Actual Net Working Capital, as described in the following paragraph. 

No later than 30 days following the Closing
Date, Acquisition shall prepare and deliver to Enderby a written statement of the net working capital of BAHA as of the Closing
Date. If the Actual Net Working Capital (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) as of the Closing Date is less than $300,000
(the  Target Amount ), then Enderby shall, within five business days of the date of final determination of the Actual
Net Working Capital as of the Closing Date, pay to Acquisition the amount equal to the absolute value of the difference between
the Target Amount and the Actual Net Working Capital as of the Closing Date, together with interest on the amount of such difference
calculated at the rate of four percent (4%) per annum from the Closing Date to the date of payment. 

The Contingent Payment of up to an aggregate
$100,000 will be made to Enderby in connection with personal services to be performed by him pursuant to an employment agreement
entered into in connection with the Closing of the Transaction (the  Enderby Employment Agreement ) as follows: (i)
$25,000 on the six-month anniversary of the Closing, an additional $50,000 on the first-year anniversary of the Closing and a final
$25,000 on the 18-month anniversary of the Closing, if as of each such date, BAHA s revenue is greater than $6,000,000. 

As further inducement
for Acquisition to enter into the Stock Purchase Agreement, BAHA and Enderby entered into a non-competition agreement dated as
of November 4, 2016, pursuant to which Enderby has agreed, without the written permission of BAHA, within a radius of 50 miles
from BAHA s offices in San Francisco and for a period of three years from the Closing Date, not to compete with BAHA; hire
or induce another person to hire any BAHA employee or independent contractor; or solicit any business, customers, clients or contractors
of BAHA. 

As part of the Transaction,
BAHA and Enderby entered into the Enderby Employment Agreement, pursuant to which Enderby has been hired to serve as Chief Executive
Officer of BAHA. Enderby will serve in that capacity for an initial term of two years, automatically extended for additional one-year
terms, unless not less than 60 days prior to each such renewal date, either party shall have given written notice to the other
that the Enderby Employment Agreement will not be renewed. Enderby shall be paid a base salary of $400,000 per year and shall be
entitled to participate in any incentive compensation plans and/or equity compensation plans as are now available or may become
available to other similarly positioned employees. 

The Enderby Employment
Agreement shall be terminated upon Enderby s death and may be terminated on Enderby s Disability (as that term is defined
in the Enderby Employment Agreement), by BAHA with or without Cause (as that term is defined in the Enderby Employment Agreement)
or by Enderby with or without Good Reason (as that term is defined in the Enderby Employment Agreement). 

If Enderby s employment is terminated
for any reason during the term of the Enderby Employment Agreement, or if the Enderby Employment Agreement is not renewed, Enderby
shall be entitled to be paid any earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination, unpaid expense reimbursements and
accrued but unused paid time off. Additionally, in the event of termination by BAHA without Cause or termination by Enderby for
Good Reason, and if, but only if, Enderby signs a general release of claims in a form and manner satisfactory to BAHA, Enderby
shall also be entitled to receive a severance payment in an amount equal to (i) four weeks of his most recent base salary for every
full year of his active employment, but such amount shall be no less than one month s worth nor more than six months 
worth of his most recent base salary; plus (ii) the premium amounts paid for coverage under BAHA s group medical, dental
and vision programs for a period of twelve months, to be paid directly to Enderby at the same times such payments would be paid
on behalf of a current employee for such coverage, provided that Enderby timely elects continued coverage under such plan(s) pursuant
to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 as amended. 

On November 4, 2016,
we issued the Warrant to Enderby to purchase up to 24,000 shares of our common stock, at an exercise price of $4.50 per share,
which was the closing price of our common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date. The Warrant may be exercised
in equal monthly installments of 1,000 shares over a 24-month period commencing on December 4, 2016 and terminating on November
4, 2018. 

BAHA previously has had its financial
results consolidated with those of the Company as a variable interest entity. As part of the Transaction, the Company acquired
the non-controlling interest of BAHA. 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following management s discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
included in this Quarterly Report. In addition, reference is made to our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
and related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on June 29, 2016.  

In this Quarterly Report, unless otherwise
expressly stated or the context otherwise requires,  ApolloMed,   we,   us  and  our 
refer to Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, its subsidiaries   and its consolidated affiliates.  Our
affiliated professional organizations are separate legal entities that provide physician services primarily in California and
with which we have management agreements. For financial reporting purposes we consolidate the revenues and expenses of all our
practice groups that we own or manage because we have a controlling financial interest in these practices based on applicable
accounting rules and as described in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. References to  practices 
or  practice groups  refer to our subsidiary-management company and the affiliated professional organizations of Apollo
that provide medical services, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires.  

The following discussion contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding future events and the future results
of Apollo that are based on management s current expectations, estimates, projections, and assumptions about our business.
Words such as  may,   will,   could,   should,   target,   potential, 
 project,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes, 
 sees,   estimates  and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions
that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted
in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section entitled  Risk Factors , as well as those discussed from time to
time in the Company s other SEC filings and reports. In addition, such statements could be affected by general industry
and market conditions. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report or, in the case of any document
incorporated by reference, the date of that document, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report, or for changes made to this document by wire services or Internet
service providers. If we update or correct one or more forward-looking statements, investors and others should not conclude that
we will make additional updates or corrections with respect to other forward-looking statements.  

Overview  

We are a patient-centered, physician-centric
integrated population health management company, working to provide coordinated, outcomes-based medical care in a cost-effective
manner. We have built a company and culture that is focused on physicians providing high quality care, population management and
care coordination for patients, particularly for senior patients and patients with multiple chronic conditions. We believe that
we are well-positioned to take advantage of changes in the U.S. healthcare industry as there is a growing national movement towards
value based healthcare centered on the triple aim of patient satisfaction, high-quality care and cost efficiency. 

We operate in one reportable segment,
the healthcare delivery segment, and implement and operate innovative health care models to create a patient-centered, physician-centric
experience. Accordingly, we report our consolidated financial statements in the aggregate, including all of our activities in
one reportable segment. We have the following integrated, population health platforms: 

Hospitalists,
                                         which includes our contracted physicians who focus on the delivery of comprehensive medical
                                         care to hospitalized patients;  

An
                                         ACO, which focuses on the provision of high-quality and cost-efficient care to Medicare
                                         FFS patients;  

MMG,
                                         which contracts with physicians and provides care to Medicare, Medicaid, commercial and
                                         dual eligible patients on both fee-for-service and risk and value based fee bases;  

Clinics,
                                         which provide primary care and specialty care in the Greater Los Angeles area;  

Palliative
                                         care, home health and hospice services, which include, our at-home, pain management and
                                         final stages of life services; and  

Cloud
                                         and mobile-based population and patient technology platform.  

Our revenue streams are diversified among
our various operations and contract types, and include: 

Traditional
                                         fee-for-service reimbursement, which is the primary revenue source for our clinics and
                                         palliative care; and  

Risk
                                         and value-based contracts with health plans, IPAs, hospitals and the CMS s MSSP,
                                         which are the primary revenue sources for our hospitalists, ACO and IPAs.  

We serve Medicare, Medicaid, HMO and uninsured
patients in California. We primarily provide services to patients that are covered by private or public insurance, although we
do derive a small portion of our revenue from non-insured patients. We provide care coordination services to each major constituent
of the healthcare delivery system, including patients, families, primary care physicians, specialists, acute care hospitals, alternative
sites of inpatient care, physician groups and health plans. 

ApolloMed has built a company and culture
that is focused on physicians providing high quality care, population management and care coordination for patients, particularly
for senior patients and patients with multiple chronic conditions. Our goal is to transform the delivery of healthcare services
in the communities we serve by implementing innovative population health models and creating a patient-centered, physician-centric
experience in a high performance environment of integrated care. 

The initial business owned by ApolloMed
is AMH, a hospitalist company, incorporated in California in June, 2001 and began operations at Glendale Memorial Hospital. Through
a reverse merger, ApolloMed became a publicly held company in June 2008. ApolloMed was initially organized around the admission
and care of patients at inpatient facilities such as hospitals. We have grown our inpatient strategy in a competitive market by
providing high-quality care and innovative solutions for our hospital and managed care clients. In 2012, we formed an ACO, ApolloMed
ACO, and an IPA, MMG, and in 2013 we expanded our service offering to include integrated inpatient and outpatient. In 2014, we
added several complementary operations by acquiring an IPA, outpatient primary care and specialty clinics, as well as hospice/palliative
care and home health entities. In January 2016, the Company formed ApolloCare which acquired certain technology and other assets
of Healarium, Inc., which provides the Company with cloud and mobile-based population health management platform that includes
digital care plans, a case management module, connectivity with multiple healthcare tracking devices and the ability to integrate
with multiple electronic health records to capture clinical data. 

Our physician network consists of hospitalists,
primary care physicians and specialist physicians primarily through our owned and affiliated physician groups. We operate through
the following subsidiaries: AMM, PCCM, VMM and ApolloMed ACO. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, AMM, we manage affiliated medical
groups, which consist of AMH, MMG, SCHC, and BAHA. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, PCCM, we manage LALC, and through our
wholly-owned subsidiary VMM, we manage Hendel. We also have a controlling interest in APS, which owns two Los Angeles-based companies,
Best Choice Hospice Care LLC and Holistic Health Home Health Care Inc. AMM, PCCM and VMM each operate as a physician practice
management company and are in the business of providing management services to physician practice corporations under long-term
management service agreements. Our ACO participates in the MSSP, the goal of which is to improve the quality of patient care and
outcomes through more efficient and coordinated approach among providers. Revenues earned by ApolloMed ACO are uncertain,
and, if such amounts are payable, they will be paid on an annual basis significantly after the time earned, and will be contingent
on various factors, including achievement of the minimum savings rate as determined by MSSP for the relevant period. 

Recent Developments 

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, in furtherance of the development of our business, we entered into new hospitalist service agreements with Salinas Hospital,
Beverly Hospital, Mee Memorial Hospital, and Lompoc Valley Medical Center, whereby we will provide comprehensive hospitalist services
to each of these hospitals. We also entered in to new management services agreements with APCN ACO, Inc. and Allied Physicians
ACO, LLC, whereby we will provide  end-to-end population health management solutions, leveraging off
our ACO s expertise, processes and success within the MSSP.   

The following describes certain developments
during the six months ended September 30, 2016 that are important to understanding our financial condition and results of operations.
See the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information about each
of these developments.    

Results of Operations  

The following sets forth selected data from our results of
operations for the periods presented: 

Three and Six Months Ended September   30, 2016
Compared to Three and Six Months Ended September   30, 2015   

Net revenues  

Consolidated net revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $14.6 million from $11.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, approximately
$3.2 million or 29%. This increase in consolidated net revenues was primarily due to an increase of approximately $3.9 million
associated with Hospitalist services from AMH and BAHA, principally due to addition of new contracts in Southern and Northern
California, partially offset by a decline in BCHC revenues of approximately $0.4 million related to a decline in patient admits
and census, and ACC revenue of $0.3 million and $0.1 million from LALC. 

Consolidated net revenues for the six
months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $27.0 million from $21.6 million approximately $5.4 million or 25%, as compared to
the same period in 2015. The increase in the consolidated net revenues was primarily due to an increase of approximately $5.4
million associated with Hospitalist services from AMH and BAHA, principally due to addition of new contracts in Southern and Northern
California. The overall increase in consolidated net revenues benefited from an increase of approximately $1.0 million in MMG
revenue related to increase in membership, partially offset by decline in BCHC revenue of $0.4 million and HCHHA and ACC revenue
of $0.3 million each.  

Cost of services  

The cost of services for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased to $12.2 million from $8.3 million, approximately $3.9 million or 47%, as compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cost of service was primarily due to increase of approximately $3.9 million associated
with Hospitalist services from AMH and BAHA, principally due to addition of new contracts in Southern and Northern California.
Cost of services were negatively impacted by higher professional fees, and claims expense in MMG of approximately $0.6 million
offset by lower patient care costs in BCHC, HCHHA and ACC of approximately $0.6 million. 

The cost of services for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 increased to $22.3 million from $15.8 million approximately $6.5 million or 41%, as compared to the same
period in 2015. The increase in cost of service was primarily due to increase of approximately $5.3 million associated with hospitalist
services from AMH and BAHA, principally due to addition of new contracts in Southern and Northern California. Cost of services
were also impacted by higher professional fees, and claims expense in MMG amounting to approximately $2.0 million. The decrease
in cost of services related to the discontinued operations of ACC was $0.4 million and BCHC and HCHHA cost declined $0.3 million
and $0.1 million respectively from decreased patient census. 

General and administrative  

General and administrative expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $ 4.4 million from $3.4 million, approximately $1.0 million or 29%, as
compared to the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily due to increases in employee compensation amounting to $0.7 million
and $0.3 million in operating expenses. 

General and administrative expenses for
the six months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $8.3 million from $7.7 million, approximately $0.6 million or 8.0%, as compared
to the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily due to increases in employee compensation amounting to $1.3 million, partially
offset by a decrease in consulting and professional fees of $0.7 million. 

Depreciation and amortization  

Depreciation and amortization expense
increased by approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million or 120% and 137% during the three and six months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, due to recurring depreciation and amortization of fixed assets and amortization of new intangible assets purchased
during the current period. 

Interest expense  

Interest expense decreased by approximately
$0.1 million and $0.4 million or 96% and 99% during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, due to reduction
in debt as a result of conversions and repayments in the prior year. 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant
and conversion feature liabilities  

Gain on the change in fair value of the
warrant liability increased by approximately $0.4 million and $1.5 million or 428% and 1241% during the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, which resulted from the change in the fair value measurement of the Company s warrants
issued to NMM in October 2015, which considered among other things, expected term, the volatility of the Company s share
price and interest rates. 

Other Income  

Other income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased by approximately $0.1 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, as a result
of the reduction in provider incentives from health plans. 

Other income for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 remained constant with the six months ended September 30, 2015.  

Income tax benefit  

Income tax benefit for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 remained constant with the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Income tax benefit for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 increased approximately $0.1 million, or 142%, as compared to the same period of 2015, resulting in a
net tax benefit. The benefit is driven by the projected effective tax rate of the entities for the year ending March 31, 2017
and the difference in the Net loss for the quarters ended June 30, 2015 and June 30, 2016. 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests  

Net loss attributable to non-controlling
interest was approximately $0.1 million compared to net income attributable to non-controlling interest of approximately $0.2
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This resulted in a change of approximately $0.3
million and 147%. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, net income attributable to non-controlling interest decreased
by approximately $0.2 million or 38%.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, we have incurred a net loss of approximately $2.4 million and used approximately $4.4 million in cash from
operating activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016, and, as of September 30, 2016 have an accumulated deficit
and a stockholders  deficit of approximately $31.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively. 

Our current sources of revenues are insufficient
to cover our operating costs, and as such, we have incurred an operating loss since its inception. Our primary source of liquidity
as of September 30, 2016 is cash and cash equivalents of approximately $3.8 million. 

These factors raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our long-term ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to increase revenue, reduce costs, achieve a satisfactory level of profitable operations, and obtain additional sources of suitable
and adequate financing. Our ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent our ability to further develop our business.
We may also have to reduce certain overhead costs through the deferral of salaries and other means, and settle liabilities through
negotiation. There can be no assurance that management s attempts at any or all of these endeavors will be successful.  

We believe that we will be able to meet
costs as they are incurred through cash on hand and additional amounts, as may be necessary, to be loaned by or invested in us
by our current investors and/or others. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends, in significant part, on our ability
to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and pay our obligations arising from normal business operations as they
come due.  

Until we can generate sufficient positive
cash flow to fund operations, we will remain dependent on raising additional capital through debt and/or equity transactions.
We are currently exploring sources of additional funding. Without limiting our available options, future equity financings will
most likely be through the sale of debt and/or equity securities. It is possible that we would also offer warrants, options and/or
rights in conjunction with any future sales of our securities. Management believes that it will be able to raise additional working
capital through the issuance of stock and/or debt. Currently, however, we do not have any commitments for additional capital,
nor can we provide assurance that any financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. If, after utilizing the
existing sources of capital available to us, further capital needs are identified and we are not successful in obtaining financing,
we may be forced to curtail our existing or planned future operations.  

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event that we cannot continue as a going concern. 

For the six months ended September 30,
2016, cash used in operating activities was approximately $4.4 million. This was the result of net loss of approximately $2.4
million plus the negative change in working capital of approximately $1.6 million and the add-backs of non-cash expenses of approximately
$0.4 million. Non-cash expenses primarily include provision for doubtful accounts, depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based
compensation expense, amortization of deferred financing costs and the change in the fair value of the warrant and conversion
feature liabilities. Cash used in operations from changes in working capital was primarily due to the increase of approximately
$1.3 million in accounts receivable, decrease of approximately $0.6 million in medical liabilities, approximately $0.1 million
increase in prepaid expenses and advances, offset by the approximately $0.3 million decrease in other receivables. 

For the six months ended September 30,
2016, cash used in investing activities was approximately $0.2 million and was the result of cash used for the purchase of property
and equipment. 

For the six months ended September 30,
2016, net cash used by financing activities was approximately $0.9 million which includes approximately $1.1 million of distributions
to a non-controlling interest shareholder and approximately $0.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of warrants. 

NMM Investments  

October 2015 Investment by NMM  

On October 14, 2015, we entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the  2015 Agreement ) with NMM, pursuant to which we sold to NMM, and NMM purchased
from us, in a private offering of securities, 1,111,111 Series A Units, each Series A Unit consisting of one share of Series A
Preferred Stock and a Series A Warrant to purchase one share of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $9.00 per share. NMM
paid us an aggregate $10,000,000 for the Series A Units, the proceeds of which we used primarily to repay certain outstanding
indebtedness owed by us to NNA and the balance for working capital. The Series A Warrants may be exercised at any time after issuance
and through October 14, 2020, for $9.00 per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends and stock splits. 

On October 15, 2015, we repaid, from the
proceeds of the sale of the securities to NMM under the 2015 Agreement, our outstanding term loan and revolving credit facility
with NNA pursuant to the Credit Agreement, in the aggregate amount of $7,304,506, consisting of principal plus accrued interest.
As of March 31, 2016, no amount remains outstanding to NNA. 

The Series A Preferred Stock is mandatorily
convertible not sooner than the earlier to occur of (i) the later of (x) January 31, 2017 or (y) 60 days after the date on which
we file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 (the  Redemption Expiration Date );
or (ii) the date on which we receive the written, irrevocable decision of NMM not to require a redemption of the Series A Preferred
Stock (as described in the following paragraph), in the event that we engage in one or more transactions resulting in gross proceeds
of not less than $5,000,000, not including any transaction with NMM. 

At any time prior to conversion and through
the Redemption Expiration Date, the Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of NMM, on one occasion, in the event
that our net revenue for the four quarters ending September 30, 2016, as reported in our periodic filings under the Exchange Act,
are less than $60,000,000, which was the case. In such event, we shall have up to one year from the date of the notice of redemption
by NMM to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A Warrants and any shares of our Common Stock issued in connection with
the exercise of any Series A Warrants theretofore (collectively the  Redeemed Securities ), for the aggregate price
paid therefor by NMM, together with interest at a rate of 10% per annum from the date of the notice of redemption until the closing
of the redemption. Any mandatory conversion described in the previous paragraph shall not take place until such time as it is
determined that that conditions for the redemption of the Redeemed Securities have not been satisfied or, if such conditions exist,
NMM has decided not to have such securities redeemed. 

The Company did not attain the $60,000,000
net revenues milestone noted above by September 30, 2016. Accordingly, the Series A are currently subject to redemption for $10,000,000.
However, as of the date of this filing, no such redemption notice has been received by the Company. 

March 2016 Investment  

On March 30, 2016, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  2016 Agreement ) with NMM, pursuant to which we sold to NMM, and NMM purchased from us, in
a private offering of securities, 555,555 Series B Units, each Series B Unit consisting of one share of our Series B Preferred
Stock and a Series B Warrant to purchase one share of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $10.00 per share. NMM paid us an
aggregate $4,999,995 for the Series B Units, the proceeds of which will be used by us for working capital. The Series B Warrants
may be exercised at any time after issuance and through March 31, 2021, for $10.00 per share, subject to adjustment in the event
of stock dividends and stock splits. 

MMG  

The DMHC oversees the performance of RBO
in California. RBO is measured for TNE, Working Capital, Cash to Claims ratio and Claims Timeliness. MMG is an RBO in California
and is required to maintain positive TNE. In the fourth quarter of the year ended March 31, 2016, MMG reported negative TNE. The
DMHC determined that, as of February 28, 2016, MMG, was not in compliance with the DMHC s positive TNE requirement for an
RBO. As a result, the DMHC required MMG to develop and implement a corrective action plan for such deficiency. A corrective plan
has been submitted and is under review by DMHC. MMG has up to one year to cure the deficiency. Based on our current projections,
we believe that MMG will achieve positive TNE by the third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. 

Lines of credit 

We have lines of credit from three financial
institutions aggregating $480,000, of which $201,264 was outstanding at September 30, 2016. Borrowings under the lines of credit
bear interest ranging from 5% through prime rate plus 4.5% per annum. These lines of credit are unsecured. 

Concentration of Payors   

Receivables from Government - Medicare/Medi-Cal
amounted to 29.0% and 39.3% of total accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. Receivables
from Allied Physicians amounted to 8.5% and 15.8% of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively.
The Company anticipates that Medicare/Medi-Cal and Allied Physicians will continue to be significant payors. 

Intercompany Loans   

Critical Accounting Policies  

Critical accounting policies are defined
as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and potentially result in materially different results
under different assumptions and conditions.  We believe that our critical accounting policies are limited to those described
in the Critical Accounting Policies section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 2 to the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements for recently issued accounting pronouncements, including information on new accounting standards
and the future adoption of such standards. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   

In connection with the preparation of
this Quarterly Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as of September 30, 2016, in accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. 

Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of September 30, 2016. 

We have identified the following three
material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures: 

1.   We do not have written
documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial
reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have
written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures, and
concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2.    We do not have sufficient
segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation
of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible.  Management evaluated the
impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures, and concluded
that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

3.    We do not have adequate
review and supervision procedures for financial reporting functions. The review and supervision function of internal control relates
to the accuracy of financial information reported. The failure to adequately review and supervise could allow the reporting of
inaccurate or incomplete financial information. Due to our size and nature, review and supervision may not always be possible
or economically feasible. 

Based on the foregoing material weaknesses,
we have determined that, as of September 30, 2016, our internal controls over our financial reporting are not effective. We are
developing a remediation plan outlining the steps and resources necessary to address each material weakness Additionally, we continue
to add employees and consultants to address these issues and we will continue to broaden the scope of our accounting and billing
capabilities and realign responsibilities in our financial and accounting review functions. 

It should be noted that any system of
controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the
system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting   

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM
1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

In the ordinary course of our
business, we become involved in pending and threatened legal actions and proceedings, most of which involve claims of medical
malpractice related to medical services that are provided by our affiliated hospitalists. We may also become subject to other
lawsuits which could involve significant claims and/or significant defense costs. We have become involved in the following two
legal matters: 

On May 16, 2014, Lakeside Medical
Group, Inc. and Regal Medical Group, Inc., two independent physician associations who compete with the Company in the greater
Los Angeles area, filed an action against the Company and two affiliates of the Company, MMG and AMH, in Los Angeles County Superior
Court. The complaint alleged that the Company and its two affiliates made misrepresentations and engaged in other acts in order
to improperly solicit physicians and patient-enrollees from Plaintiffs. The Complaint sought compensatory and punitive damages.
On June 30, 2014, the Company and its affiliates filed a motion requesting the Court to stay the court proceeding and order the
parties to arbitrate this dispute subject to existing arbitration agreements. On August 11, 2014, the Plaintiffs filed a request
for dismissal without prejudice of the action. On August 12, 2014, the Plaintiffs served the Company and its affiliates with Demands
for Arbitration before Judicial Arbitration Mediation Services ( JAMS ) in Los Angeles. The Company is currently examining
the merits of the claims to be arbitrated, and it is too early to state whether the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable
or remote, or to estimate the potential loss if the outcome should be negative. The Company is aware that punitive damages previously
sought in the court proceeding are not available in arbitration. The Company and its affiliates are preparing a defense to the
allegations and the Company intends to vigorously defend the action.  

On August 28, 2014, Lakeside Medical
Group, Inc. and Regal Medical Group, Inc., filed a similar lawsuit against Warren Hosseinion, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer. Dr. Hosseinion is defending the action and is currently being indemnified by the Company subject to the terms of an indemnification
agreement and the Company s charter. The Company has an existing Directors and Officers insurance policy. On September 9,
2014, Dr. Hosseinion filed a motion requesting the Court to stay the court proceeding and, pursuant to existing arbitration agreements,
order the parties to arbitrate the dispute as part of the pending arbitration proceedings before JAMS (as discussed above). On
October 29, 2014, the Plaintiffs filed a request for dismissal without prejudice of the action. On November 13, 2014, Plaintiffs
served Dr. Hosseinion with Demands for Arbitration before JAMS in Los Angeles, and on November 19, 2014, the parties agreed to
consolidate the two proceedings against Dr. Hosseinion with the two existing proceedings against the Company and its affiliates.
The parties are currently pursuing mediation of the dispute. The Company continues to examine the merits of the claims to be arbitrated
against Dr. Hosseinion, and it is too early to state whether the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable or remote, or
to estimate the potential loss if the outcome should be negative. The Company is aware that punitive damages previously sought
in the court proceeding against Dr. Hosseinion are not available in arbitration. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the
parties resolved the matter in a written settlement agreement without an adjudication or admission of liability by any of the
parties. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Going Concern  

As shown in the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements, we have incurred net loss of approximately $2.4 million and used approximately $4.3
million in cash from operating activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016, and, as of September 30, 2016 have an
accumulated deficit and a stockholders  deficit of approximately $31.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively. The primary
source of liquidity as of September 30, 2016 is cash and cash equivalents of approximately $3.8 million. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary in the event that the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 

ITEM
2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

On or about August 23, 2016, we issued
an aggregate 45,717 shares of our common stock to four individuals who converted our 9% convertible promissory notes due on July
31, 2016 (the  9% Notes ) which they held. We received no proceeds in connection with this issuance. 

On or about September 22, 2016, we issued
an aggregate 26,124 shares of our common stock to three individuals who converted our 9% Notes which they held. We received no
proceeds in connection with this issuance. 

The foregoing issuances were exempt from
the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and/or Regulation
D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

ITEM
3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM
5.  OTHER INFORMATION  

None.  

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   
      No.   
       
       Description    
 
      10.1*  
       
      Intercompany
    Revolving Loan Agreement dated as of July 22, 2016 by and between Apollo Medical Management, Inc. and Bay Area Hospitalist
    Associates, a Medical Corporation   

31.1*  
       
      Certification
    by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

31.2*  
       
      Certification
    by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

32*  
       
      Certification
    of Periodic Financial Report by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  
      Filed
    herewith.   

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

APOLLO MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC.    

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Mihir
    Shah   

Mihir Shah   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452674_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

INTERCOMPANY REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT  

This INTERCOMPANY REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT
(this  Loan Agreement ) dated as of July 22, 2016, is entered into by and between Apollo Medical Management, Inc. ( Lender );
and Bay Area Hospitalist Associates, a Medical Corporation, a California professional corporation ( Borrower ). 

In consideration of the covenants, conditions
and agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

 DEFINITIONS 

1.1  Advance  shall have the
meaning given in Section 2.1 of this Loan Agreement. 

1.2  Business Day  shall mean
any day on which commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in the United States. 

1.3  Commitment  shall mean an
amount equal to Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000). 

1.4  Default  shall mean any
event or circumstance not yet constituting an Event of Default but which, with the giving of any notice or the lapse of any period
of time or both, would become an Event of Default. 

1.5  Event of Default  shall
have the meaning given to that term in Section 5.01 of this Loan Agreement. 

1.6  GAAP  shall mean generally
accepted accounting principles and practices as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and as in effect in the
United States from time to time, consistently applied. Unless otherwise indicated in this Loan Agreement, all accounting terms
used in this Loan Agreement shall be construed, and all accounting and financial computations hereunder or thereunder shall be
computed, in accordance with GAAP. 

1.7  Governmental Authority 
shall mean any domestic or foreign national, state or local government, any political subdivision thereof, any department, agency,
authority or bureau of any of the foregoing, or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government. 

1.8  Indebtedness  of any Person
shall mean and include the aggregate amount of, without duplication (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b)
all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such
Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course
of business determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), (d) all obligations under capital leases of
such Person, (e) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such obligation
or liability is assumed, (f) all guaranties of such Person of the obligations of another Person; (g) all obligations created or
arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even if
the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement upon an event of default are limited to repossession or sale
of such property), (h) net exposure under any interest rate swap, currency swap, forward, cap, floor or other similar contract
that is not entered to in connection with a bona fide hedging operation that provides offsetting benefits to such Person, which
agreements shall be marked to market on a current basis, (i) all reimbursement and other payment obligations, contingent or otherwise,
in respect of letters of credit. 

1.9  LIBOR Rate  shall mean the
rate per annum, calculated to the nearest .01%, at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered in the London interbank market for one
month periods as quoted in the  Money Rates  column of The Wall Street Journal on the first Business Day of each calendar
month. All computations of such interest shall be based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed. Such LIBOR Rate shall remain
in effect until it is adjusted on the first Business Day of the following calendar month. 

1.10  Loan Agreement  shall have
the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this agreement. 

1.11  Loan Documents  shall mean
and include this Loan Agreement and any other documents, instruments and agreements delivered to Lender in connection with this
Loan Agreement. 

1.12  Obligations  shall mean
and include all Advances, debts, liabilities, and financial obligations, howsoever arising, owed by Borrower to Lender of every
kind and description (whether or not evidenced by any note or instrument), direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to
become due, now existing or hereafter arising pursuant to the terms of any of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation,
all interest, fees, charges, expenses, reasonable attorneys  fees (and expenses) and accountants  fees (and expenses) chargeable
to Borrower or payable by Borrower hereunder or thereunder. 

1.13  Person  shall mean and
include an individual, a partnership, a corporation (including a business trust), a joint stock company, a limited liability company,
an unincorporated association, a joint venture or other entity or a Governmental Authority. 

1.14  Termination Date  shall
mean the fifth (5 th ) anniversary of the date of this Loan Agreement. 

ARTICLE 2 

 ADVANCES 

2.1 Terms. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Loan Agreement, Lender agrees to advance to Borrower from time to time and until the Termination Date, such sums as Borrower
may request (the  Advances ) but which shall not exceed, in the aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding,
the Commitment. Advances shall be made in lawful currency of the United States of America and shall be made in same day or immediately
available funds. Each Advance shall be in an amount equal to at least $10,000 or any integral multiple of $5,000 in excess thereof
and shall be made within five (5) Business Days after written request. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Borrower may
borrow pursuant to this Section 2.1, prepay the Advances without penalty and reborrow pursuant to this Section 2.1. 

2.2 Payment of Outstanding Amounts. If not
paid earlier, the outstanding principal and interest balance of all Advances shall be due and payable to the Lender on the Termination
Date. 

2.3 Interest Payments. Interest on the
outstanding principal balance under the Advances shall accrue at the greater of 10% per annum or LIBOR Rate in effect. All computations
of such interest shall be based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed for each day on which any principal balance is outstanding
under the terms of the Loan Agreement. 

2.4 Interest Payments. All accrued and
unpaid interest shall be due on the first Business Day of each month. If not paid earlier, all outstanding accrued interest hereunder
shall be due and payable to the Lender on the Termination Date. 

2.5 Other Payment Terms. 

(a) Manner. Borrower shall make all payments
due to Lender hereunder in lawful money of the United States and in same day or immediately available funds. 

(b) Date. Whenever any payment due hereunder
shall fall due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension
of time shall be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. 

(c) Default Rate. From and after the occurrence
of an Event of Default and during the continuance thereof, Borrower shall pay interest on all Obligations not paid when due, from
the date due thereof until such amounts are paid in full at a per annum rate equal to the three (3) percentage points in excess
of the rate otherwise applicable to Advances. All computations of such interest shall be based on a year of 360 days and actual
days elapsed. 

2.6 Loan Account. The Obligations of Borrower
to Lender hereunder shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by Lender in the ordinary course of business.
The accounts or records maintained by Lender shall be presumptive evidence of the amount of such Obligations, and the interest
and principal payments thereon. Any failure so to record or any error in so doing shall not, however, limit, increase or otherwise
affect the obligation of Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owning hereunder. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall execute or
obtain and deliver all instruments, documents or writings as Lender may, from time to time, request to protect, insure, or enforce
its interest, rights or remedies created by, provided in or as a result of this Loan Agreement or any other instrument or document
executed by Borrower in connection with this Loan Agreement, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including, without limitation,
the execution of a promissory note in favor of Lender (a  Note ); however, the existence of a Note is not required
to evidence Advances under this Loan Agreement and all Advances may be evidenced solely by ledger entry in Lender s books
and records as contemplated by the first sentence of this Section 2.6, in the sole and absolute discretion of Lender. In addition
to all other sums agreed to be paid to Lender hereunder, and all instruments, documents and writings securing same, Borrower shall
reimburse Lender for all expenses paid or incurred by Lender in any manner related to its Obligations, including without limitation,
fees and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) relating to the enforcement and collection thereof. 

ARTICLE 3 

 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWER 

To induce Lender to enter into this Loan
Agreement and to make Advances hereunder, Borrower represents and warrants to Lender as follows: 

3.1 Due Incorporation, etc. Borrower is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation. 

3.2 Authority. The execution, delivery
and performance by Borrower of each Loan Document to be executed by Borrower and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby (i) are within the power of Borrower and (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of Borrower. 

3.3 Enforceability. Each Loan Document
executed, or to be executed, by Borrower has been, or will be, duly executed and delivered by Borrower and constitutes, or will
constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except
as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors 
rights generally and general principles of equity. 

ARTICLE 4 

 CONDITIONS TO MAKING ADVANCES 

Lender s obligation to make the initial
Advance and each subsequent Advance is subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver of all the conditions set forth in this Article
4. 

4.1 Principal Loan Documents. Borrower
shall have duly executed and delivered to Lender: (a) this Loan Agreement; and (b) such other documents, instruments and agreements
as Lender may reasonably request. 

4.2 Representations and Warranties Correct.
The representations and warranties made by Borrower in Article 3 hereof shall be true and correct as of the date on which each
Advance is made and after giving effect to the making of the Advance. The submission by Borrower to Lender of a request for an
Advance shall be deemed to be a certification by the Borrower that as of the date of borrowing, the representations and warranties
made by Borrower in Article 3 hereof are true and correct. 

4.3 No Event of Default or Default. No
Event of Default or Default has occurred or is continuing. 

4.4 Total Outstanding Advances. The total
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Advances does not exceed the Commitment. 

ARTICLE 5 

 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

5.1 Events of Default. The occurrence of
any of the following shall constitute an  Event of Default  under this Loan Agreement and any Note evidencing outstanding
indebtedness: 

(a) Failure to Pay. Borrower shall fail to
pay (i) the principal amount of all outstanding Advances on the Termination Date hereunder; (ii) any interest, Obligation or other
payment required under the terms of this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on the date due and such failure shall continue
for five (5) Business Days after Borrower s receipt of Lender s written notice thereof to Borrower; or (iii) any Indebtedness (excluding
Obligations) owed by Borrower to Lender on the date due and such failure shall continue for five (5) Business Days after Borrower s
receipt of Lender s written notice thereof to Borrower. 

(b) Breaches of Covenants. Borrower shall
fail to observe or perform any other covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained in this Loan Agreement or any other
Loan Document and (i) such failure shall continue for ten (10) Business Days, or (ii) if such failure is not curable within such
ten (10) Business Day period, but is reasonably capable of cure within thirty (30) Business Days, either (A) such failure shall
continue for thirty (30) Business Days or (B) Borrower shall not have commenced a cure in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Lender
within the initial ten (10) Business Day period; or 

(c) Representations and Warranties. Any representation,
warranty, certificate, or other statement (financial or otherwise) made or furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender in writing
in connection with any of the Loan Documents, or as an inducement to Lender to enter into this Loan Agreement, shall be false,
incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made or furnished; or 

(d) Voluntary Bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings.
Borrower shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidation or custodian of itself or of all
or a substantial part of its property, (ii) be unable, or admit in writing its inability, to pay its debts generally as they mature,
(iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its or any of its creditors, (iv) be dissolved or liquidated in full or in part,
(v) become insolvent (as such term is defined in 11 U.S.C.  101 (32), as amended from time to time), (vi) commence a voluntary
case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession
of its property by any official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or (vii) take any action for the
purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or 

(e) Involuntary Bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings.
Proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of Borrower or of all or a substantial part of
the property thereof, or an involuntary case or other proceedings seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect
to Borrower or the debts thereof under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect shall be commenced
and an order for relief entered or such proceeding shall not be dismissed or discharged within sixty (60) calendar days of commencement. 

5.2 Rights of Lender upon Default. 

(a) Acceleration. Upon the occurrence
or existence of any Event of Default described in Sections 5.1(d) and 5.1(e), automatically and without notice or, at the
option of Lender, upon the occurrence of any other Event of Default, all outstanding Obligations payable by Borrower
hereunder shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the other Loan Documents to the contrary
notwithstanding. 

(b) Cumulative Rights, etc. The rights,
powers and remedies of Lender under this Loan Agreement shall be in addition to all rights, powers and remedies given to
Lender by virtue of any applicable law, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority, any transaction contemplated
thereby or any other agreement, all of which rights, powers, and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised
successively or concurrently without impairing Lender s rights hereunder. 

ARTICLE 6 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

6.1 Notices. Except as otherwise provided
herein, all notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications to or upon Lender or Borrower under this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be in writing and mailed, sent by electronic email or facsimile ( fax ),
or delivered personally to each party at the numbers or addresses set forth below (or to such other numbers or addresses for any
party as indicated in any notice given by that party to the other party). All such notices and communications shall be effective
(a) when sent by Federal Express or other overnight service of recognized standing, on the Business Day following the deposit with
such service; (b) when mailed by registered or certified mail, first class postage prepaid and addressed as aforesaid through the
United States Postal Service, upon receipt; (c) when delivered by hand, upon delivery; and (d) when sent by electronic mail or
fax, upon written confirmation of receipt; provided, however, that any notice delivered to Lender under Article 2 shall not be
effective until received by Lender. 

LENDER:  
      Apollo Medical Management, Inc.   

700 N. Brand Boulevard, Suite 1400   

Glendale, California 91203   

Attention: CFO   

Email: mshah@apollomed.net   

BORROWER:    
      Bay Area Hospitalists Associates   

700 N. Brand Boulevard, Suite 1400   

Glendale, California 91203   

Attention: CEO 
         Email: warrenhoss@apollomed.net   

6.2 Waivers; Amendments. Any term, covenant,
agreement or condition of this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended or waived if such amendment or waiver is
in writing and is signed by Borrower and Lender. No failure or delay by Lender in exercising any right hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof or of any other right nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other further
exercise thereof or of any other right. A waiver or consent given hereunder shall be effective only if in writing and in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

6.3 Successors and Assigns. This Loan Agreement
and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, Lender and their respective successors
and permitted assigns, except that Borrower may not assign or transfer (and any such attempted assignment or transfer shall be
void) any of its rights or obligations under any Loan Document without the prior written consent of Lender. 

6.4 Set-off. In addition to any rights
and remedies of Lender provided by law, Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to Borrower, any such notice being expressly
waived by Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or an
Event of Default, to set-off and apply against any Indebtedness, whether matured or unmatured, of Borrower to Lender (including,
without limitation, the Obligations), any amount owing from Lender to Borrower. The aforesaid right of set-off may be exercised
by Lender against Borrower or against any trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, receiver
or execution, judgment or attachment creditor of Borrower or against anyone else claiming through or against Borrower or such trustee
in bankruptcy, debtor-in- possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, receiver, or execution, judgment or attachment creditor,
notwithstanding the fact that such right of set-off shall not have been exercised by Lender prior to the occurrence of a Default
or an Event of Default. Lender agrees promptly to notify Borrower after any such set-off and application made by Lender, provided
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 

6.5 No Third Party Rights. Nothing expressed
in or to be implied from this Agreement or any other Loan Document is intended to give, or shall be construed to give, any Person,
other than the parties hereto and thereto and their permitted successors and assigns, any benefit or legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by virtue of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

6.6 Partial Invalidity. If at any time
any provision of this Loan Agreement or any of the Loan Documents is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect
under the law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Loan Agreement
or such other Loan Documents, nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction,
shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

6.7 Governing Law. This Loan Agreement
and each of the other Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California
without reference to conflicts of law rules. 

6.8 Construction. Each of this Loan Agreement
and the other Loan Documents is the result of negotiations among, and has been reviewed by, Borrower, Lender and their respective
counsel. Accordingly, this Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to be the product of all parties hereto,
and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against Borrower or Lender. 

6.9 Entire Agreement. This Loan Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, taken together, constitute and contain the entire agreement of Borrower and Lender with respect to
the subject matter hereby and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications
among the parties, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Loan Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

BORROWER:  

Bay Area Hospitalists Associates, a Medical Corporation  

By: 
      /s/ Warren Hosseinion, M.D.     

Name: 
     Warren Hosseinion, M.D. 

Title: 
     Chief Executive Officer 

LENDER:  

Apollo Medical Management, Inc.  

By: 
     /s/ Mihir Shah   

Name: 
     Mihir Shah 

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v452674_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

I, Warren Hosseinion, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc.;  

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financing reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Warren Hosseinion   

Warren Hosseinion   
  Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v452674_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

I, Mihir Shah, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financing reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to   

record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Mihir Shah   

Mihir Shah   
  Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 v452674_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32  

Certification of Periodic Financial Report
by the Chief Executive Officer and  

  Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Solely for the purposes
of complying with 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify,
based on our knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Warren Hosseinion   

Warren Hosseinion   
  Chief Executive Officer    

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Mihir Shah   

Mihir Shah   
  Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ameh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ameh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ameh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ameh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ameh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ameh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

