<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1140310_0001144204-16-133293_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6823975</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>205117</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>477158</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1498810</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3044718</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1481717</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>96</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133293.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110161452
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133293
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EnSync, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140310
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				391987014
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33540
		FILM NUMBER:		161988205

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		N93 W14475 WHITTAKER WAY
		CITY:			MENOMONEE FALLS
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53051
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262-253-9800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		N93 W14475 WHITTAKER WAY
		CITY:			MENOMONEE FALLS
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53051

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZBB ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133293.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v451617_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

Commission File Number:  001-33540  

EnSync, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(262) 253-9800   
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      
Yes       No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).      
Yes       No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer       
      Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company        

(Do not check if a smaller reporting
company) 

Indicate
by check whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)      
Yes       No   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

ENSYNC, INC.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
     3  

Item 1.   
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
      5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
      6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      7  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8  

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      38  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      46  

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      46  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     
     48 

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      48  

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      48  

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      50  

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      50  

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      50  

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      51  

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      51  

Signatures    
       
      52  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (Unaudited)  

EnSync, Inc.  

    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

EnSync, Inc.  

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

EnSync, Inc.  

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Loss  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

EnSync, Inc.  

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Changes in Equity   

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

EnSync, Inc.  

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

EnSync, Inc.  

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Description of Business  

EnSync, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( EnSync, 
 we,   us,   our,  or the  Company ) develop, license, and manufacture innovative
energy management systems solutions serving the commercial and industrial ( C I ) building, utility, and off-grid
markets. Incorporated in 1998, EnSync is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, USA with offices in Madison, Wisconsin, Petaluma,
California, Honolulu, Hawaii, and Shanghai, China. We regularly use the name EnSync Energy Systems for marketing and branding purposes. 

EnSync develops and commercializes application
solutions for advanced energy management systems critical to the transition from a  coal-centric economy  to one reliant
on renewable energy sources. EnSync synchronizes conventional utility, distributed generation and storage assets to seamlessly
ensure the least expensive and most reliable electricity available, thus enabling the future of energy networks. These advanced
systems directly connect wind and solar equipment to the grid and other systems that can form various levels of micro-grids as
well as power quality regulation solutions. EnSync brings vital power control and energy storage solutions to problems caused by
incorporation of increasingly pervasive renewable energy generating assets that are part of the grid power transmission and distribution
network used in commercial, industrial, and multi-tenant buildings. The Company also develops and commercializes energy management
systems for off-grid applications such as island or remote power. 

We recently began addressing our target
markets through power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) under which we agree to provide, and the customer agrees to purchase,
electricity from us at a fixed rate for a 20-year period. Under this structure we develop and supply a system that uses our and
other companies  products and the customer receives the benefit of a low and fixed price for electricity without any upfront
costs. Because this business model requires significant capital outlays, our monetization strategy is we either sell the PPA projects
outright or enter into sale-leaseback transactions. 

The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and those of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ZBB Energy Pty Ltd. (formerly known as ZBB Technologies,
Ltd.), various PPA project subsidiaries, its eighty-five percent owned subsidiary Holu Energy LLC, and its sixty percent owned
subsidiary ZBB PowerSav Holdings Limited located in Hong Kong, which was formed in connection with the Company s investment
in a China joint venture. 

Interim Financial Data  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( US
GAAP ) for interim financial data and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they
do not include all of the information and notes required by US GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (consisting only of adjustments of a normal and recurring nature) considered necessary for fair presentation of
the results of operations have been included. Operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that might be expected for the year ending June 30, 2017. 

The condensed consolidated balance sheet
at June 30, 2016 has been derived from audited financial statements at that date, but does not include all of the information and
disclosures required by US GAAP. For a more complete discussion of accounting policies and certain other information, refer to
the Company s annual report filed on From 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on September 8, 2016. 

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries and have been prepared
in accordance with US GAAP and are reported in US dollars. For subsidiaries in which the Company s ownership interest is
less than 100%, the noncontrolling interests are reported in stockholders  equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
The noncontrolling interests in net income (loss), net of tax, are classified separately in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company s
fiscal year end is June 30.   

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. It is reasonably possible
that the estimates we have made may change in the near future. Significant estimates underlying the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements include those related to: 

the timing of revenue recognition;    

allocation of purchase price in the business
combination;    

the allowance for doubtful accounts;    

provisions for excess and obsolete inventory;    

the lives and recoverability of property,
plant and equipment and other long-lived assets, including goodwill;    

contract costs, losses, and reserves;    

warranty obligations;    

income tax valuation allowances;    

discount rates for finance and operating
lease liabilities;    

asset retirement obligations;    

stock-based compensation; and    

valuation of equity instruments and warrants.    

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company s financial instruments
consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, a note receivable, accounts payable, bank loans, notes payable, equipment
financing, lease obligations, asset retirement obligations, equity instruments, and warrants. The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial instruments approximate their respective fair values due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments, except
for the bank loans, notes payable, equipment financing, asset retirement obligations, equity instruments, and warrants. The carrying
amounts of the bank loans and notes payable approximates fair value due to the interest rate and terms approximating those available
to us for similar obligations. The interest rate on the equipment financing obligation was imputed based on the requirements described
in Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 842-40-30-6.
The asset retirement obligation is calculated as the present value of the estimated fair value of the future obligation using the
Company s credit-adjusted risk-free rate. The fair value of the nonconvertible attribute and conversion option of the Series
C Preferred Stock and related Warrant was determined using the Option-Pricing Method ( OPM ) as described in the AICPA
Accounting and Valuation Guide entitled Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation and a  with 
and  without  methodology to bifurcate the Series C Preferred conversion feature. The OPM model treats the various
equity securities as call options on the total equity value contingent upon each security s strike price or participation
rights. The Black-Scholes inputs utilized for the OPM model were: (i) an aggregate equity value estimated based on the back-solve
methodology to reconcile the closing common stock price as of the valuation date; (ii) a term in alignment with the terms of the
Supply Agreement; (iii) a risk free rate from the Federal Reserve Board s H.15 release as of the transaction date; (iv) the
volatility of the Company s publicly traded stock price; and (v) the performance vesting requirements of the equity instruments
that were expected to be met. 

The Company accounts for the fair value
of financial instruments in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  Fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities
generally correlate to the level or pricing observability. FASB ASC Topic 820 describes a fair value hierarchy based on the following
three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure
fair value: 

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted
prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets. 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability. As such, the prices or valuation techniques require inputs that are both significant to the fair value
measurement and are unobservable. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash deposits at financial
institutions predominately in the United States, Australia, Hong Kong, and China. The Company has not experienced any losses in
such accounts. 

Accounts Receivable  

Credit is extended based on an evaluation
of a customer s financial condition. Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect from outstanding
balances. The Company records allowances for doubtful accounts based on customer-specific analysis and general matters such as
current assessments of past due balances and economic conditions. The Company writes off accounts receivable against the allowance
when they become uncollectible. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2016. Accounts receivable
are stated net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $10,878 as of June 30, 2016. The composition of accounts receivable by
aging category is as follows as of: 

Inventories  

Inventories are stated at the lower of
cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. The Company
provides inventory write-downs based on excess and obsolete inventories based on historical usage. The write-down is measured as
the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about usage and charged to the provision for
inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory
is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established
cost basis. 

Customer Intangible Asset  

Customer intangible assets are reviewed
quarterly for impairment due to the expected short-term nature of the asset. The customer intangible asset is amortized as revenue
from the acquired contracts is recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. To date, there have been no write-offs
recorded for impairments. 

The customer intangible asset is comprised
of the following as of: 

There was no amortization expense recognized
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $6,000 of amortization expense was recognized during the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

Note Receivable  

The Company has one note receivable from
an unrelated party. On June 20, 2016, the Company and the unrelated party amended the terms of the note receivable. The note matures
on the earlier of (a) the date on which the unrelated party has secured a total of $500,000 or more in additional financing from
any source or (b) December 31, 2016 and is classified as  Note receivable  in the financial statements. We regularly
evaluate the financial condition of the borrower to determine if any reserve for an uncollectible amount should be established.
To date, no such reserve is required. 

Deferred PPA Project Costs  

Deferred PPA project costs represents the
costs that the Company capitalizes as project assets for arrangements that we accounted for as real estate transactions after we
have entered into a definitive sales arrangement, but before the sale is completed or before we have met all criteria to recognize
the sale as revenue. We classify deferred PPA project costs as current if the completion of the sale and the meeting of all revenue
recognition criteria are expected within the next 12 months. 

If a project is completed and begins commercial
operation prior to entering into or the closing of a sales agreement, the completed project will remain in project assets or deferred
PPA project costs until the sale of such project closes. Any income generated by such project while it remains within project assets
or deferred PPA project costs is accounted for as a reduction in our basis in the project, which at the time of sale and meeting
all revenue recognition criteria will be recorded within cost of sales. 

Once we enter into a definitive sales agreement,
we reclassify project assets to deferred PPA project costs on our consolidated balance sheet until the sale is completed and we
have met all of the criteria to recognize the sale as revenue, which is typically subject to real estate revenue recognition requirements.
We expense project assets to cost of sales after each respective project asset is sold to a customer and all revenue recognition
criteria have been met (matching the expensing of costs to the underlying revenue recognition method). We classify project assets
as current as the time required to develop, construct, and sell the projects is expected within the next 12 months. 

We review project assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We consider a project commercially
viable or recoverable if it is anticipated to be sold for a profit once it is either fully developed or fully constructed. We consider
a partially developed or partially constructed project commercially viable or recoverable if the anticipated selling price is higher
than the carrying value of the related project assets. We examine a number of factors to determine if the accumulated project costs
will be recoverable, the most notable of which include whether there are any changes in environmental, ecological, permitting,
market pricing, or regulatory conditions that impact the project. Such changes could cause the costs of the project to increase
or the selling price of the project to decrease. If a project is not considered recoverable, we impair the respective project assets
and adjust the carrying value to the estimated recoverable amount, with the resulting impairment recorded within operating expenses.
The Company recognized $1.9 million of impairment charges during the year ended June 30, 2016. 

Deferred Customer Project Costs  

Deferred customer project costs consist
primarily of the costs of products delivered and services performed that are subject to additional performance obligations or customer
acceptance. These deferred customer project costs are expensed at the time the related revenue is recognized. 

Project Assets  

Project assets consist primarily of capitalized
costs which are incurred by the Company prior to the sale of the photovoltaic, storage or energy management systems and power purchase
agreement to a third-party. These costs are typically for the construction, installation and development of these projects. Construction
and installation costs include primarily material and labor costs. Development fees can include legal, consulting, permitting,
and other similar costs. 

Property, Plant and Equipment  

Land, building, equipment, computers, furniture
and fixtures are recorded at cost. Maintenance, repairs and betterments are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is provided
for all plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives
used for each class of depreciable asset are: 

Estimated Useful Lives   
 
      Manufacturing equipment  
       
      3 - 7 years   
 
      Office equipment  
       
      3 - 7 years   
 
      Building and improvements  
       
      7 - 40 years   

The Company completed a review of the estimated
useful lives of specific assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and determined that there were no changes in the
estimated useful lives of assets. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360,
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,  the Company assesses potential impairments to its long-lived assets including
property, plant, equipment and intangible assets when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. 

If such an indication exists, the recoverable
amount of the asset is compared to the asset s carrying value. Any excess of the asset s carrying value over its recoverable
amount is expensed in the statement of operations. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate. Management has determined that there were no long-lived assets impaired as of
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

Investment in Investee Company  

Investee companies that are not
consolidated, but over which the Company exercises significant influence, are accounted for under the equity method of
accounting. Whether or not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an investee depends on an evaluation
of several factors including, among others, representation on the investee company s board of directors and ownership
level, which is generally a 20% to 50% interest in the voting securities of the investee company. Under the equity method of
accounting, an investee company s accounts are not reported in the Company s condensed consolidated balance
sheets and statements of operations; however, the Company s share of the earnings or losses of the investee company is
reflected in the caption   Equity in gain (loss) of investee company  in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. The Company s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reported in the caption
  Investment in investee company   in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

When the Company s carrying value
in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero, no further losses are recorded in the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the investee company or has committed additional funding. When
the investee company subsequently reports income, the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals or exceeds
the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. 

Goodwill  

Goodwill is recognized as the excess cost
of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized but reviewed
for impairment annually as of June 30 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value
may be impaired. These conditions could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance
indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. 

The first step of the impairment test requires
the comparing of a reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value. If the carrying value is less than the fair value,
no impairment exists and the second step is not performed. If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, there is an indication
that impairment may exist and the second step must be performed to compute the amount of the impairment. In the second step, the
impairment is computed by estimating the fair values of all recognized and unrecognized assets and liabilities of the reporting
unit and comparing the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that unit s goodwill. The
Company determined fair value as evidenced by market capitalization, and concluded that there was no need for an impairment charge
as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

Accrued Expenses  

Accrued expenses consist of the Company s
present obligations related to various expenses incurred during the period and includes a reserve for estimated contract losses,
other accrued expenses, and warranty obligations. A product upgrade initiative was completed during the year ended June 30, 2016
and the unused reserve of $186,000 was reversed during fiscal 2016. 

Subsequent to commercialization, installation
and commissioning of units in the field, the Company garnered meaningful insights that resulted in system design modifications
and other general upgrades, which improved the performance, efficiency, and reliability of its systems. In the interest of enhancing
customer satisfaction, the Company launched a product upgrade initiative to implement these improvements at certain locations of
its installed base. 

Warranty Obligations   

The Company typically warrants its products
for the shorter of twelve months after installation or eighteen months after date of shipment. Warranty costs are provided for
estimated claims and charged to cost of product sales as revenue is recognized. Warranty obligations are also evaluated quarterly
to determine a reasonable estimate for the replacement of potentially defective materials of all energy storage systems that have
been shipped to customers within the warranty period. 

While the Company actively engages in monitoring
and improving its evolving battery and production technologies, there is only a limited product history and relatively short time
frame available to test and evaluate the rate of product failure. Should actual product failure rates differ from the Company s
estimates, revisions are made to the estimated rate of product failures and resulting changes to the liability for warranty obligations.
In addition, from time to time, specific warranty accruals may be made if unforeseen technical problems arise. 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
included in the Company s accrued expenses were $24,273 and $27,207, respectively, related to warranty obligations. The following
is a summary of accrued warranty activity as of: 

The Company offers extended warranty contracts
to its customers. These contracts typically cover a period up to twenty years and include advance payments that are recorded initially
as long-term deferred revenue. Revenue is recognized in the same manner as the costs incurred to perform under the extended warranty
contracts. Costs associated with these extended warranty contracts are expensed to cost of product sales as incurred. A summary
of changes to long-term deferred revenue for extended warranty contracts is as follows: 

Asset Retirement Obligations  

The asset retirement obligation represents
the estimated present value of amounts expected to be incurred to remove a solar power system, repair the property to which it
is affixed, pack and ship the equipment offsite at the end of the lease term. The asset retirement obligation is recognized in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 410,  Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations.  FASB ASC Topic 410 requires that
the fair value of an asset s retirement obligation be recorded as a liability in the period in which it is incurred and the
corresponding cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. Periodic accretion of the discount
of the estimated liability is treated as accretion expense and included in depreciation and amortization in the condensed consolidated
statement of operations. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenues are recognized when persuasive
evidence of a contractual arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the seller s price to
buyer is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. The portion of revenue related to installation and final
acceptance, is deferred until such installation and final customer acceptance are completed. 

From time to time, the Company may enter
into separate agreements at or near the same time with the same customer. The Company evaluates such agreements to determine whether
they should be accounted for individually as distinct arrangements or whether the separate agreements are, in substance, a single
multiple element arrangement. The Company evaluates whether the negotiations are conducted jointly as part of a single negotiation,
whether the deliverables are interrelated or interdependent, whether the fees in one arrangement are tied to performance in another
arrangement, and whether elements in one arrangement are essential to another arrangement. The Company s evaluation involves
significant judgment to determine whether a group of agreements might be so closely related that they are, in effect, part of a
single arrangement. 

Our collaboration agreements typically
involve multiple elements or deliverables, including upfront fees, contract research and development, milestone payments, technology
licenses or options to obtain technology licenses, and royalties. For these arrangements, revenues are recognized in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 605-25,    Revenue Recognition   Multiple Element Arrangements.  The Company s
revenues associated with multiple element contracts is based on the selling price hierarchy, which utilizes vendor-specific objective
evidence ( VSOE ) when available, third-party evidence ( TPE ) if VSOE is not available, and if neither
is available then the best estimate of the selling price is used. The Company utilizes best estimate for its multiple deliverable
transactions as VSOE and TPE do not exist. To be considered a separate element, the product or service in question must represent
a separate unit under SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 104, and fulfill the following criteria: the delivered item(s) has value to
the customer on a standalone basis; there is objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered item(s); and
if the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered
item(s) is considered probable and substantially in our control. For arrangements containing multiple elements, revenue from time
and materials based service arrangements is recognized as the service is performed. Revenue relating to undelivered elements is
deferred at the estimated fair value until delivery of the deferred elements. If the arrangement does not meet all criteria above,
the entire amount of the transaction is deferred until all elements are delivered. 

The portion of revenue related to engineering
and development is recognized ratably upon delivery of the goods or services pertaining to the underlying contractual arrangement
or revenue is recognized as certain activities are performed by the Company over the estimated performance period. 

The Company recognizes revenue for the
sales of PPA projects following the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 360,  Accounting for Sales of Real Estate.  We record
the sale as revenue after the initial and continuing investment requirements have been met and whether collectability from the
buyer is reasonably assured. We may align our revenue recognition and release our project assets or deferred PPA project costs
to cost of sales with the receipt of payment from the buyer if the sale has been consummated and we have transferred the usual
risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer. 

The Company charges shipping and handling
fees when products are shipped or delivered to a customer, and includes such amounts in product revenues and shipping costs in
cost of sales. The Company reports its revenues net of estimated returns and allowances. 

Total revenues of $7,656,561 and $272,976
were recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Revenues for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were comprised of one significant customer (93% of revenues) and revenues for the three months ended September
30, 2015 were comprised of two significant customers (95% of revenues). 

The Company had three significant customers
with outstanding receivable balances of $174,410, $158,026, and $69,014 (92.7% of accounts receivable, net) as of September 30,
2016. The Company had three significant customers with outstanding receivable balances of $77,000 and $31,000, and $14,000 (60%,
24% and 11% of accounts receivable, net) as of September 30, 2015. 

Engineering, Development, and License Revenues  

We assess whether a substantive milestone
exists at the inception of our agreements. In evaluating if a milestone is substantive we consider whether: 

Substantive uncertainty exists as to the
achievement of the milestone event at the inception of the arrangement;    

The achievement of the milestone involves
substantive effort and can only be achieved based in whole or in part on our performance or the occurrence of a specific outcome
resulting from our performance;    

The amount of the milestone payment appears
reasonable either in relation to the effort expended or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s);    

There is no future performance required
to earn the milestone; and    

The consideration is reasonable relative
to all deliverables and payment terms in the arrangement.    

If any of these conditions are not met,
we do not consider the milestone to be substantive and we defer recognition of the milestone payment and recognize it as revenue
over the estimated period of performance, if any. 

On April 8, 2011, the Company entered into
a Collaboration Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Honam Petrochemical Corporation, now known as Lotte
Chemical Corporation ( Lotte ), pursuant to which the Company and Lotte collaborated on the technical development of
the Company s third generation zinc bromide flow battery module (the  Version 3 Battery Module ) and Lotte received
a fully paid-up, exclusive and royalty-free license to sell and manufacture the Version 3 Battery Module in South Korea and a non-exclusive
royalty-bearing license to sell the Version 3 Battery Module in Japan, Thailand, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam and Singapore. 

On December 16, 2013, the Company and Lotte
entered into a Research and Development Agreement (the  R D Agreement ) pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to develop and provide to Lotte a 500kWh zinc bromide flow battery system, including a zinc bromide chemical flow battery module
and related software (the  Product ), on the terms and conditions set forth in the R D Agreement (the  Lotte
Project ). Subject to the satisfaction of certain specified milestones, Lotte is required to make payments to the Company
under the R D Agreement totaling $3,000,000 over the term of the Lotte Project. We recognize revenue based upon a Performance
Based Method pursuant to the model described in FASB ASC Subtopic 980-605-25, where revenue is recognized based on the lesser of
the amount of nonrefundable cash received or the amounts due based on the proportional amount of the total effort expected to be
expended on the contract that has been provided to date as there does not exist substantial doubt that the milestones will be achieved.
The Company recognized $0 and $122,440 of revenue under this agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, respectively. 

Additionally, on December 16, 2013, we
entered into an Amended License Agreement with Lotte (the  Amended License Agreement ). Pursuant to the Amended License
Agreement, we granted to Lotte, (1) an exclusive and royalty-free limited license in South Korea to use the Company s zinc
bromide flow battery module, zinc bromide flow battery stack and the technical information and know how related to the intellectual
property arising from the Lotte Project (collectively, the  Technology ) to manufacture or sell a zinc bromide flow
battery (the  Lotte Product ) in South Korea and (2) a non-exclusive (a) royalty-free limited license for Lotte and
its affiliates to use the Technology internally in all locations other than China and South Korea to manufacture the Lotte Product
and (b) royalty-bearing limited license to sell the Lotte Product in all locations other than China, the United States and South
Korea. Lotte is required to pay us a total license fee of $3,000,000 under the Amended License Agreement plus up to an additional
$1,000,000 if certain specific milestones are successfully achieved. In addition, Lotte is required to make ongoing royalty payments
to the Company equal to a single digit percentage of Lotte s net sales of the Lotte Product outside of South Korea until
December 31, 2019. The original license fees were subject to a 16.5% non-refundable Korea withholding tax. 

Overall
since December 16, 2013 through September 30, 2016 there were $5,425,000  of payments received and $5,250,000    of
revenue recognized under the Lotte R D and Amended License Agreements. The Company does not expect to receive any additional
cash payments under these agreements.  

Engineering and development costs related
to the Lotte Project totaled $937,725 and $54,147 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
the Company had no unbilled amounts from engineering and development contracts in process. The Company had received $175,000 and
$370,000, which is included in  Customer deposits  in the consolidated balance sheets, of customer payments for engineering
and development contracts, representing deposits in advance of performance of the contracted work as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. 

Advanced Engineering and Development
Expenses  

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 730,
 Research and Development,  the Company expenses advanced engineering and development costs as incurred. These costs
consist primarily of materials, labor, and allocable indirect costs incurred to design, build, and test prototype units, as well
as the development of manufacturing processes for these units. Advanced engineering and development costs also include consulting
fees and other costs. 

To the extent these costs are separately
identifiable, incurred and funded by advanced engineering and development type agreements with outside parties, they are shown
separately on the condensed consolidated statements of operations as a  Cost of engineering and development.  

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company measures all  Share-Based
Payments,  including grants of stock options, restricted shares and restricted stock units ( RSUs ) in its condensed
consolidated statement of operations based on their fair values on the grant date, which is consistent with FASB ASC Topic 718,
 Stock Compensation,  guidelines. 

Accordingly, the Company measures share-based
compensation cost for all share-based awards at the fair value on the grant date and recognizes share-based compensation over the
service period for awards that are expected to vest. The fair value of stock options is determined based on the number of shares
granted and the price of the shares at grant, and calculated based on the Black-Scholes valuation model. 

The Company compensates its outside directors
with RSUs and cash. The grant date fair value of the RSU awards is determined using the closing stock price of the Company s
common stock on the day prior to the date of the grant, with the compensation expense amortized over the vesting period of RSU
awards, net of estimated forfeitures. 

The Company only recognizes expense for
those options or shares that are expected ultimately to vest, using two attribution methods to record expense, the straight-line
method for grants with only service-based vesting or the graded-vesting method, which considers each performance period, for all
other awards. See further discussion of stock-based compensation in Note 11. 

Advertising Expense  

Advertising costs of $18,107 and $6,656
were incurred for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. These costs were charged to selling,
general, and administrative expenses as incurred. 

Income Taxes  

The Company records deferred income taxes
in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  FASB ASC Topic 740 requires recognition of deferred
income tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the amounts at
which they are carried in the financial statements, based upon the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences
are expected to reverse. The Company establishes a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred income tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized. There were no net deferred income tax assets recorded as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The Company applies a more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold for all tax uncertainties as required under FASB ASC Topic 740, which only allows the recognition of those
tax benefits that have a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. 

The Company s U.S. Federal income
tax returns for the years ended June 30, 2013 through June 30, 2016 and the Company s Wisconsin and Australian income tax
returns for the years ended June 30, 2012 through June 30, 2016 are subject to examination by taxing authorities. As of September
30, 2016, there were no examinations in progress. 

Foreign Currency  

The Company uses the United States dollar
as its functional and reporting currency, while the Australian dollar and Hong Kong dollar are the functional currencies of its
foreign subsidiaries. Assets and liabilities of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are translated into United States dollars
at exchange rates that are in effect at the balance sheet date while equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates.
Income and expense items are translated at average exchange rates which were applicable during the reporting period. Translation
adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of equity in the condensed consolidated
balance sheets. 

Loss per Share  

The Company follows the FASB ASC Topic
260,  Earnings per Share,  provisions which require the reporting of both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share.
Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (net loss) per share reflect the potential dilution that could
occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. In accordance with
the FASB ASC Topic 260, any anti-dilutive effects on net income (loss) per share are excluded. As of September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015 there were 14,208,306 and 10,259,093 shares of common stock underlying convertible preferred stock, options, restricted
stock units and warrants that are excluded, respectively. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivable. 

The Company maintains significant cash
deposits primarily with one financial institution. The Company has not previously experienced any losses on such deposits. Additionally,
the Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit rating of the institution as part of its banking strategy. 

Concentrations of credit risk with respect
to accounts receivable are limited due to accelerated payment terms in current customer contracts and creditworthiness of the current
customer base. 

Reclassifications  

Certain amounts previously reported have
been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. The reclassifications did not impact prior period results of operations,
cash flows, total assets, total liabilities, or total equity. 

Segment Information  

The Company has determined that it operates
as one reportable segment. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless
otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective and not included
below will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments in ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific
cash flow issues and is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and
classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on its condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-11   Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission
of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016
EITF Meeting (SEC Update). ASU 2016-11 rescinds the certain SEC Staff Observer comments that are codified in Topic 605, Revenue
Recognition, and Topic 932, Extractive Activities   Oil and Gas, effective upon the adoption of Topic 606. Specifically,
registrants should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of Topic 606: (a) Revenue and Expense Recognition
for Freight Services in Process, (b) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs, (c) Accounting for Consideration Given
by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller of the Vendor s Products), (d) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements (that
is, use of the  entitlements method ). In addition, as a result of the amendments in Update 2014-16, the SEC staff
is rescinding its SEC Staff Announcement,  Determining the Nature of a Host Contract Related to a Hybrid Instrument Issued
in the Form of a Share under Topic 815,  effective concurrently with ASU 2014-16. The Company is currently evaluating the
effects of ASU 2016-11 on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 780): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09
modifies US GAAP by requiring the following, among others: (1) all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are to be recognized
as income tax expense or benefit on the income statement (excess tax benefits are recognized regardless of whether the benefit
reduces taxes payable in the current period); (2) excess tax benefits are to be classified along with other income tax cash flows
as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows; (3) in the area of forfeitures, an entity can still follow the current
US GAAP practice of making an entity-wide accounting policy election to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest
or may instead account for forfeitures when they occur; and (4) classification as a financing activity in the statement of cash
flows of cash paid by an employer to the taxing authorities when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes. ASU
2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after January 1, 2017, including interim periods. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07
  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting,
which simplifies the accounting for equity method investments by removing the requirements that an entity retroactively adopt the
equity method of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of
ownership or degree of influence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting
as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years, and must apply a prospective adoption approach. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06
  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues
Task Force), which requires that embedded derivatives be separate from the host contract and accounted for separately as derivatives
if certain criteria are met, including the  clearly and closely related  criterion. The amendments in this update clarify
the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments
are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. An entity performing the assessment under the amendments is required to assess
the embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The amendments apply to all entities
that are issuers or investors in debt instruments (or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt host) with
embedded call (put) options. ASU 2016-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within
those years, and must apply a modified retrospective transition approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect
adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05
  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships
(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force), which provides guidance clarifying that the novation of a derivative contract
(i.e. a change in counterparty) in a hedge accounting relationship does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedge
accounting relationship. This ASU amends ASC 815 to clarify that such a change does not, in and of itself, represent a termination
or the original derivative instrument or a change in the critical terms of the hedge relationship. ASU 2016-05 allows the hedging
relationship to continue uninterrupted if all of the other hedge accounting criteria are met, including the expectation that the
hedge will be highly effective when the creditworthiness of the new counterpart to the derivative contract is considered. The amendments
of this ASU are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. Entities may adopt
the guidance prospectively or use a modified retrospective approach. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance to have
a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
  Leases (Topic 842): Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codifications, to increase transparency and comparability
among entities by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing
arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Companies must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing
at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full
retrospective transition approach. The Company has early adopted ASU 2016-02 effective January 1, 2016. With the adoption of ASU
2016-02, the Company has elected to apply the package of practical expedients and use of hindsight detailed in ASC 842. Additionally,
the Company elects the practical expedient in ASC Subtopic 842-10 to not separate nonlease components from lease components and
instead account for each separate lease component and nonlease components associated with that lease component as a single lease
component by class of the underlying asset. The Company also elected not to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities
for short term leases, which has a lease term of 12 months or less and does not include an option to purchase the underlying asset
that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities. This guidance makes specific improvements to existing US GAAP for financial instruments, including requiring equity
investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee)
to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; requiring entities to use the exit price notion
when measuring fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requiring separate presentation of financial assets
and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset and requiring entities to present separately in other
comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific
credit risk (also referred to as  own credit ) when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value
in accordance with the fair value option. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption of the own credit provision is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance
to have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-16   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. The amendments
in this update eliminate the requirement for entities to retrospectively account for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized
in a business combination. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015, including interim reporting periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments
to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date. The Company was required to adopt this standard beginning July 1, 2016.
The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendment defers the effective date
of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application
is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within
that reporting period. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The amendment was issued to modify the process in which
entities measure inventory. The amendment does not apply to inventory measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or
the retail inventory method. This amendment requires entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method.
The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years on a prospective basis with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The
Company does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02
  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. The amendment is intended to improve certain areas
of consolidation guidance for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and securitization structures.
The amendment simplifies reporting requirements by placing more emphasis on risk of loss when determining a controlling financial
interest, reducing the frequency of application of related-party guidance when determining a controlling financial interest in
a variable interest entity ( VIE ), and changing consolidation conclusions for public companies in several industries
that typically make use of limited partnerships or VIEs. The amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31,
2015. The Company was required to adopt this standard beginning July 1, 2016. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a
material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01
  Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by
Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items. The amendment was issued to reduce complexity in the accounting standards by eliminating
the concept of extraordinary items from US GAAP. The amendment is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2015.
The change may be applied prospectively or retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company
was required to adopt this standard beginning July 1, 2016. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on
the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). The update
requires management to perform a going concern assessment if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year of the financial statement issuance date. Under the new standard, the definition of substantial
doubt incorporates a likeliness threshold of  probable  that is consistent with the current use of the term defined
in US GAAP for loss contingencies (Topic 450   Contingencies). Management will need to consider conditions that are known
and reasonably knowable at the financial statement issuance date and determine whether the entity will be able to meet its obligations
within the one-year period. Additional disclosures are required if it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its current
obligations. The amendments in this ASU will be effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material effect on our financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
- Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718). The amendment requires that entities treat performance targets that can
be met after the requisite service period of a share-based payment award as performance conditions that affect vesting and, accordingly,
the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation expense should
be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved. ASU 2014-12 is effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 .  The Company was required
to adopt this standard beginning July 1, 2016. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendment outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to
use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific guidance. The core principle of the revenue model is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. In applying the revenue model to contracts within its scope, an entity identifies the
contract(s) with a customer, identifies the performance obligations in the contract, determines the transaction price, allocates
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and recognizes revenue when the entity satisfies a performance
obligation. ASU 2014-09 also includes additional disclosure requirements regarding revenue, cash flows and obligations related
to contracts with customers. See ASU 2015-14 above for applicable effective date of ASU 2014-09. The guidance permits companies
to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption,
through a cumulative adjustment. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  
Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, clarifying the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations
and licensing. Specifically, the amendments reduce the cost and complexity of identifying promised goods or services and improves
the guidance for determining whether promises are separately identifiable. The amendments also provide implementation guidance
on determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s
intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual property (which
is satisfied over time). In March 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-08   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). The amendments in ASU 2016-08 affect the guidance in
ASU 2014-09. ASU 2016-08 requires when a third party is involved in provided goods or services to a customer, an entity is required
to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide the specified good or services itself to the customer (that is, the
entity is a principal) or to arrange for that good or service to be provided by the third party to the customer (that is, the entity
is an agent). If the entity is a principal, upon satisfying a performance obligation, the entity recognizes revenue in the gross
amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for the specified good or service transferred to the customer.
If the entity is an agent, the entity recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled
in exchange for arranging for the specified good or service to be provided by the third party. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-12   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which contains
certain clarifications and practical expedients in response to certain identified implementation issues. The effective date and
transition requirements for ASU 2016-10, 2016-08, and 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for
ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation of this update will have on its condensed consolidated
financial position and results of operations upon adoption. 

NOTE 2   GLOBAL STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP
WITH SPI ENERGY CO., LTD.  

On July 13, 2015, the Company entered into
a global strategic partnership with SPI Energy Co., Ltd. ( SPI ), (formerly known as Solar Power, Inc.), which includes
a Securities Purchase Agreement, a Supply Agreement, and a Governance Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
SPI purchased, for an aggregate purchase price of $33,390,000 a total of (i) 8,000,000 shares of common stock (the  Purchased
Common Shares ) and (ii) 28,048 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Purchased Preferred Shares )
which are convertible, subject to the completion of projects under our Supply Agreement with SPI (as described below), into a total
of up to 42,000,600 shares of Common Stock. 

The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased
Common Shares was based on a purchase price per share of $0.6678, and the aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Preferred
Shares was determined based on a price of $0.6678 per common equivalent.  Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
the Company also issued to SPI a warrant to purchase 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $36,729,000
(the  Warrant ), at a per share exercise price of $0.7346. 

The Company incurred $807,807 of financing
related costs in connection with the transaction. The specific costs directly attributable to the Securities Purchase Agreement
have been charged against the gross proceeds of the offering. 

The Company also entered into a supply
agreement with SPI pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and SPI agreed to purchase certain products and services offered
by the Company from time to time, including certain energy management system solutions for solar projects (the  Supply Agreement ).
Under the Supply Agreement, SPI agreed to purchase energy storage systems with a total combined power output of 40 megawatts (MW)
over a four-year period. 

The Company also entered into a governance
agreement with SPI (the  Governance Agreement ) that provides SPI certain rights regarding the Company s Board
of Directors and other select governance rights. 

Terms of the Purchased Preferred
Shares   

The Purchased Preferred Shares are perpetual,
are not eligible for dividends, and are not redeemable. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company (a  Liquidation )
or a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock), holders of the Purchased
Preferred Shares are entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company an amount equal to the higher of (1) the Stated Value,
which was $28,048,000 as of September 30, 2016 and (2) the amount payable to the holder if it had converted the shares into common
stock immediately prior to the Liquidation or Fundamental Transaction, for each share of the Purchased Preferred Stock after any
distribution or payment to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and before any distribution or payment shall be made to
the holders of the Company s existing Common Stock, and if the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to pay in full
such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed shall be ratably distributed in accordance with respective amount that would
be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full, which was $8,192,241 as of September 30, 2016. 

Except as required by law or as set forth
in the Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock, the Purchased Preferred Shares do not have voting rights. While
the Series C Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company may not pay dividends on its common stock and may not redeem more than
$100,000 in common stock per year. 

The Purchased Preferred Shares were sold
for $1,000 per share and are contingently convertible into 42,000,600 shares calculated utilizing a conversion price of $0.6678,
subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, and other designated capital events. Convertibility of the Purchased Preferred
Shares is dependent upon SPI making purchases of and payments for energy storage systems under the Supply Agreement as follows: 

The first one-fourth (the  Series
C-1 Preferred Stock ) of the Purchased Preferred Shares only become convertible upon the receipt of final payment for five
megawatts worth of solar projects that are purchased by SPI in accordance with the Supply Agreement (the  Projects );    

The second one-fourth (the  Series
C-2 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the receipt of final payment for an aggregate of 15 megawatts worth of
Projects;    

The third one-fourth (the  Series
C-3 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the receipt of final payment for an aggregate of 25 megawatts worth of
Projects; and    

The last one fourth (the  Series
C-4 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the receipt of final payment for an aggregate of 40 megawatts worth of
Projects.    

The Series C Preferred Stock will not become
convertible unless final payment for the Projects is received. 

If SPI complies with the provisions of
the Supply Agreement, as discussed below, it will make sufficient purchases for each tranche of the Purchased Preferred Shares
to vest and become convertible over the next 3 years. However, the shares will become convertible whenever final payment is received
for the specified purchases, even if the payments are made later or earlier than the schedule laid out in the Supply Agreement.
As of September 30, 2016, no purchases had been made under the Supply Agreement and the Purchased Preferred Shares were therefore
not convertible. Additionally, if SPI fails to cure the breach of its terms of the Supply Agreement by November 23, 2016
(as described below), EnSync intends to terminate the Supply Agreement and following such termination, it will no longer be possible
for SPI to satisfy the conditions that would have enabled it to convert any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock it then holds
into shares of EnSync common stock. 

Terms of the Warrant   

The Warrant entitles SPI to purchase 50,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate exercise price of $36,729,000, or $0.7346 per share, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock dividends, and other designated capital transactions. The Warrant may not be partially exercised. 

The Warrant vests and becomes exercisable
once SPI purchases and pays for 40 megawatts of Projects, and will not vest or become exercisable if those purchases and payments
do not occur before the termination of the Warrant, which will occur, whether the Warrant has vested or not, on July 13, 2019.
Prior to exercise, the Warrant provides SPI with no voting rights. 

If SPI complies with the provisions
of the Supply Agreement, as discussed below, it will make sufficient purchases for the Warrant to vest and become exercisable
prior to its termination. As of September 30, 2016, no purchases had been made under the Supply Agreement and the Warrant was
therefore not vested or exercisable. Additionally, if SPI fails to cure the breach of its terms of the Supply Agreement by
November 23, 2016, EnSync intends to terminate the Supply Agreement and following such termination, it will no longer be
possible for the Warrant to become exercisable. The closing price of the Company s common stock at September 30, 2016
was $0.99, which was above the exercise price of the Warrant, as such, the Warrant was in-the-money at that date. 

Terms of the Supply Agreement   

Pursuant to the Supply Agreement, the Company
agreed to sell and SPI agreed to purchase products and services offered by the Company from time to time, including energy management
system solutions for solar projects.  The Supply Agreement provides that the Company agreed to sell and SPI agreed to
purchase products and related services that have an aggregated total of at least 5 megawatts of energy storage rated power output
within the first year of the Supply Agreement, 15 megawatts within the first two years, 25 megawatts within the first three years,
and 40 megawatts within the first four years of the Supply Agreement. Presuming that these commitments are met, all of the Purchased
Preferred Shares will become convertible and the Warrant will vest, as described above. 

The Supply Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and SPI and prohibits the Company from selling lower quantities of its
Products and Services (each as defined in the Supply Agreement) to other buyers at prices below those provided to SPI.  However,
the Supply Agreement does not otherwise set the prices at which any Products or Services will be sold. In addition to customary
termination rights (including for an uncured material breach), either party may terminate the Supply Agreement upon one years 
prior written notice to the other party; however, neither party may so terminate the Supply Agreement until all of the Purchased
Preferred Shares have become convertible. 

Delivery by EnSync of Notice of Default
under Supply Agreement   

On October 24, 2016, EnSync delivered a
formal Notice of Default under the Supply Agreement due to SPI s failure to meet its purchase obligations under the Supply
Agreement. In the Notice of Default, EnSync informed SPI that, to cure its breach of the terms of the Supply Agreement by November
23, 2016, SPI must (i) purchase and pay for Products (and related Services) (each defined in the Supply Agreement) from EnSync
with a minimum total aggregated 5 megawatts of rated power, with discharge time of two or more hours and (ii) order additional
Products (and related Services) from EnSync with an additional minimum total aggregated 10 megawatts of rated power, with discharge
time of two or more hours, including paying a 50% deposit for such Products (and related Services). If SPI fails to meet these
requirements, EnSync intends to terminate the Supply Agreement and following such termination, it will no longer be possible for
SPI to satisfy the conditions that would have enabled it to convert any shares of Series C Preferred Stock it then holds into shares
of EnSync common stock. Similarly, it will no longer be possible for the Warrant to become exercisable. 

Accounting for the Securities Purchase Agreement and the
Supply Agreement   

At closing on July 13, 2015, the Company
recognized the fair value of the Purchased Common Shares ($6.8 million, determined by reference to the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the NYSE MKT) as an increase to equity. The Company also recognized as equity the fair value of the Series C Preferred
Stock ignoring the contingent convertibility on the closing date. The closing date fair value of the Series C Preferred Stock ignoring
the contingent convertibility of those shares was estimated at $13.3 million. This price was determined using the Option-Pricing
Method ( OPM ) as described in the AICPA Accounting and Valuation Guide entitled Valuation of Privately-Held-Company
Equity Securities Issued as Compensation and a  with  and  without  methodology to bifurcate the Series
C Preferred conversion feature. The OPM model treats the various equity securities as call options on the total equity value contingent
upon each securities strike price or participation rights. At closing of the transaction, the Black-Scholes inputs utilized for
the OPM model were: (i) an aggregate equity value of $122.8 million, estimated based on the back-solve methodology to reconcile
the closing common stock price ($0.85) as of the valuation date; (ii) a term of four years, in alignment with the terms of the
Supply Agreement; (iii) a risk free rate of 1.4%, from the Federal Reserve Board s H.15 release as of the transaction date;
(iv) a volatility of 101.3%, based on the volatility of the Company s publicly traded stock price; and (v) the performance
vesting requirements of the Purchased Preferred Shares were expected to be met. 

Offering expenses of $807,807 were recognized
as a reduction of the offering proceeds. The specific costs directly attributable to the Securities Purchase Agreement have been
charged against the gross proceeds of the offering. 

The cash received by the Company in excess
of the fair value of the Purchased Common Shares and the nonconvertible attribute of the Purchased Preferred Shares was recorded
as deferred revenue of $13,290,000. This amount was allocated to the Supply Agreement under which the Company expects to perform
in the future. The deferred revenue will be recognized as revenue as sales occur under the Supply Agreement. 

Because the Purchased Preferred Shares
will only become convertible when the Company receives final payment for the stated purchases under the Supply Agreement, the value
of the conversion option on each tranche of Series C Preferred Stock will be recognized as a sales incentive (a reduction of revenue)
and an addition to equity as purchases that lead towards convertibility of that tranche occur, so long as the Company believes
it is probable that the particular tranche will become convertible, pursuant to guidance in FASB ASC Topic 605-50,  Revenue
Recognition   Customer Payments and Incentives.  

Because the Warrant will only vest and
become exercisable if SPI makes sufficient purchases under the Supply Agreement, the same guidance provides that the fair value
of the Warrant be recognized as a sales incentive (a reduction of revenue) and an addition to equity as sales occur, so long as
the Company believes it is probable that SPI will make sufficient purchases during the term of the Warrant for the Warrant to vest. 

As SPI does not face a penalty for not
purchasing Projects under the Supply Agreement beyond the convertibility of the Purchased Preferred Shares and the loss of the
Warrant, FASB ASC Topic 505-50,  Equity   Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees,  requires that the fair value
of each tranche of Series C Preferred Stock be updated at each reporting date until that tranche vests according to its terms,
and that the fair value of the Warrant be updated at each reporting date until the Warrant vests according to its terms. 

As of September 30, 2016, the value of
the conversion option on the Series C Preferred Stock was estimated to be $14.6 million and the value of the Warrant was estimated
to be $1.95 million, which was determined using the Option-Pricing Method ( OPM ) as described in the AICPA Accounting
and Valuation Guide entitled Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation and a  with 
and  without  methodology to bifurcate the Series C Preferred conversion feature. The OPM model treats the various
equity securities as call options on the total equity value contingent upon each security s strike price or participation
rights. At September 30, 2016, the Black-Scholes inputs utilized for the OPM model were: (i) an aggregate equity value of $92.32
million, estimated based on the back-solve methodology to reconcile the closing common stock price ($0.99) as of the valuation
date; (ii) a term of 2.75 years, in alignment with the terms of the Supply Agreement; (iii) a risk free rate of 0.85%, from the
Federal Reserve Board s H.15 release as of the transaction date; (iv) a volatility of 111.4%, based on the volatility of
the Company s publicly traded stock price; and (v) the performance vesting requirements of the equity instruments were expected
to be met. 

As no sales under the Supply Agreement
occurred prior to September 30, 2016, no revenue has been recognized pursuant to the Supply Agreement, and no amounts related to
the convertibility option on the Series C Preferred Stock or the Warrant have been reflected in the financial statements. 

Terms of Governance Agreement   

In connection with the closing and pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement the Company entered into a Governance Agreement with SPI (the  Governance Agreement ).  Under
the Governance Agreement, SPI is entitled to nominate one director to the Company s board of directors for so long as SPI
holds at least 10,000 Purchased Preferred Shares or 25 million shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents (the  Requisite
Shares ).  Additionally, for so long as SPI holds the Requisite Shares (1) following the time at which the Series
C-2 Preferred Stock shall have become convertible in full, SPI shall be entitled to nominate a total of two directors and (2) following
the time at which the Series C-3 Preferred Stock shall have become convertible in full, SPI shall be entitled to nominate a total
of three directors; provided in no event shall SPI be entitled to nominate a number of directors to the Board that would represent
a percentage of the Board greater than the percentage determined by dividing the number of Common Stock Equivalents held by SPI
by the sum of (A) the total shares of the Company s Common Stock outstanding and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
into which the Preferred Stock held by SPI is convertible. 

The Governance Agreement provides that
for so long as SPI holds the Requisite Shares, the Company will not take any of the following actions without the affirmative vote
of SPI: (a) change the conduct by the Company s business; (b) change the number or manner of appointment of the directors
on the board; (c) cause the dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company or the commencement of a voluntary proceeding
seeking reorganization or other similar relief; (d) other than in the ordinary course of conducting the Company s business,
cause the incurrence, issuance, assumption, guarantee or refinancing of any debt if the aggregate amount of such debt and all other
outstanding debt of the Company exceeds $10 million; (e) cause the acquisition, repurchase or redemption by the Company of any
securities junior to the Purchased Preferred Shares; (f) cause the acquisition of an interest in any entity or the acquisition
of a substantial portion of the assets or business of any entity or any division or line of business thereof or any other acquisition
of material assets, in any such case where the consideration paid exceeds $2 million, or cause the Company to engage in other Fundamental
Transactions (as defined in the certificate of designation of preferences, rights and limitations of the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock); (g) cause the entering into by the Company of any agreement, arrangement or transaction with an affiliate that calls for
aggregate payments (other than payment of salary, bonus or reimbursement of reasonable expenses) in excess of $120,000; (h) cause
the commitment to capital expenditures in excess of $7 million during any fiscal year; (i) cause the selection or replacement of
the auditors of the Company; (j) enter into of any partnership, consortium, joint venture or other similar enterprise involving
the payment, contribution, or assignment by the Company or to the Company of money or assets greater than $5 million; (k) amend
or otherwise change its Articles of Incorporation or by-laws or equivalent organizational documents of the Company or any subsidiary
in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of SPI; (l) amend or otherwise change the Articles of Incorporation
or by-laws or equivalent organizational documents of any Subsidiary in any manner; (m) grant, issue or sell any equity securities
(with certain limited exceptions); (n) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution, payable in cash, stock,
property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital stock; provided, however, that the dividends called for by Section 3(b)
of the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock shall nonetheless continue to accrue and accumulate on each share of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock;
(o) reclassify, combine, split or subdivide, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock; (p) permit any item of material
intellectual property to lapse or to be abandoned, dedicated, or disclaimed, fail to perform or make any applicable filings, recordings
or other similar actions or filings, or fail to pay all required fees and taxes required or advisable to maintain and protect its
interest in such intellectual property; or (q) enter into any contract, arrangement, understanding or other similar agreement with
respect to any of the foregoing. 

Additionally, the Governance Agreement
provides a preemptive right to SPI in the case of issuances of equity securities. As of June 30, 2016, SPI owned approximately
17% of the Company s outstanding common stock. As of September 30, 2016, SPI did not own any shares of the Company s
outstanding common stock. 

On August 30, 2016, SPI entered into a share purchase agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement )
with Melodious Investments Company Limited ( Melodious ) pursuant to which SPI sold to Melodious all of the Purchase
Common Shares, all 7,012 outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and 4,341 shares of Series C-2 Preferred Stock for a
total purchase price of $17.0 million (which is equal to the price SPI paid for such securities).  The Share Purchase Agreement
provides that if the purchase shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock are not converted into shares
of common stock within six months following the closing date, Melodious will have the right to require SPI to repurchase such shares
for a price equal to approximately 102% of the price paid by Melodious for such shares (plus 10% interest accrued from the closing
date).  Following the sale of such securities, SPI continues to hold the Requisite Shares, and the Governance Agreement remains
in effect. 

NOTE 3   CHINA JOINT VENTURE  

On August 30, 2011, the Company entered
into agreements providing for establishment of a joint venture to develop, produce, sell, distribute and service advanced storage
batteries and power electronics in China (the  Joint Venture ). Joint Venture partners include ZBB PowerSav Holdings
Limited ( Holdco ), AnHui XinLong Electrical Co. and Wuhu Huarui Power Transmission and Transformation Engineering
Co. The Joint Venture was established upon receipt of certain governmental approvals from China which were received in November
2011. 

The Joint Venture operates through a jointly-owned
Chinese company located in Wuhu City, Anhui Province named Anhui Meineng Store Energy Co., Ltd. ( Meineng Energy ).
Meineng Energy intends to initially assemble and ultimately manufacture the Company s products for sale in the power management
industry on an exclusive basis in mainland China and on a non-exclusive basis in Hong Kong and Taiwan. In addition, Meineng Energy
manufactures certain products for EnSync pursuant to a supply agreement under which we pay Meineng Energy 120% of its direct costs
incurred in manufacturing such products. 

The Company s President and Chief
Executive Officer ( President and CEO ) has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Meineng Energy since December
2011. The President and CEO owns an indirect 6% equity interest in Meineng Energy. 

In connection with the Joint Venture, on
August 30, 2011 the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the following agreements: 

Joint Venture Agreement of Anhui Meineng
Store Energy Co., Ltd. (the  China JV Agreement ) by and between ZBB PowerSav Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong limited
liability company, and Anhui Xinrui Investment Co., Ltd, a Chinese limited liability company; and,    

Limited Liability Company Agreement of
ZBB PowerSav Holdings Limited by and between ZBB Cayman Corporation and PowerSav New Energy Holdings Limited (the  Holdco
Agreement ).    

In connection with the Joint Venture, upon
establishment of Meineng Energy, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the following agreements: 

Management Services Agreement by and between
Meineng Energy and Holdco (the  Management Services Agreement );    

License Agreement by and between Holdco
and Meineng Energy (the  License Agreement ); and,    

Research and Development Agreement by
and between the Company and Meineng Energy (the  Research and Development Agreement ).    

Pursuant to the China JV Agreement, Meineng
Energy was capitalized with approximately $13.6 million of equity capital. The Company s only capital contributions to the
Joint Venture were the contribution of technology to Meineng Energy via the License Agreement and $200,000 in cash. The Company s
indirect interest in Meineng Energy equaled approximately 33%. On August 12, 2014, Meineng Energy received a cash investment of
20,000,000 RMB (approximately $3.2 million) from Wuhu Fuhai-Haoyan Venture Investment, L.P., a branch of Shenzhen Oriental Fortune
Capital Co., Ltd., for a post-closing equity position of 8%. Required governmental approval was obtained in October 2014. This
investment capital will be used to fund ongoing operations and development of the China market, and provided Meineng Energy a 250,000,000
RMB (approximately $42 million) post-closing valuation. Following this investment, the Company s indirect investment in Meineng
Energy equals approximately 30%. The Company s indirect gain as a result of the investment was $775,537, which is net of
the gain attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $481,870. 

The Company s investment in Meineng
Energy was made through Holdco. Pursuant to the Holdco Agreement, the Company contributed technology to Holdco via a license agreement
with an agreed upon value of approximately $4.1 million and $200,000 in cash in exchange for a 60% equity interest. PowerSav agreed
to contribute to Holdco $3.3 million in cash in exchange for a 40% equity interest. The initial capital contributions (consisting
of the Company s technology contribution and one half of required cash contributions) were made in December 2011. The subsequent
capital contributions (consisting of one half of the required cash contribution) were made on May 16, 2012. For financial reporting
purposes, Holdco s assets and liabilities are consolidated with those of the Company and PowerSav s 40% interest in
Holdco is included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as a noncontrolling interest. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s indirect investment in the China JV was $816,298. 

The Company s basis in the technology
contributed to Holdco was $0 due to US GAAP requirements related to research and development expenditures. The difference between
the Company s basis in this technology and the valuation of the technology by Meineng Energy of approximately $4.1 million
is accounted for by the Company through the elimination of the amortization expense recognized by Meineng Energy related to the
technology. 

The Company has the right to appoint a
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Holdco and Holdco has the right to appoint a majority of the members of the
Board of Directors of Meineng Energy. 

Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement,
Holdco will provide certain management services to Meineng Energy in exchange for a management services fee equal to five percent
of Meineng Energy s net sales for the five year period beginning on the first day of the first quarter in which the JV Company
achieves operational breakeven results and three percent of Meineng Energy s net sales for the subsequent three years, provided
the payment of such fees will terminate upon Meineng Energy completing an initial public offering on a nationally recognized securities
exchange. To date, no management service fee revenues have been recognized by Holdco. 

Pursuant to the License Agreement (as amended
on July 1, 2014), Holdco granted to Meineng Energy (1) an exclusive royalty-free license to manufacture and distribute the Company s
ZBB EnerStore, zinc bromide flow battery, version three (V3) (50KW) (and any other zinc bromide flow battery product developed
internally by us based on the V3 EnerStore, ranging from 50kWh to 500kWh module design) and ZBB EnerSection, power and energy control
center (up to 250KW) (the  Products ) in mainland China in the power supply management industry and (2) a non-exclusive
royalty-free license to manufacture and distribute the Products in Hong Kong and Taiwan in the power supply management industry. 

Pursuant to the Research and Development
Agreement, Meineng Energy may request the Company to provide research and development services upon commercially reasonable terms
and conditions. Meineng Energy would pay the Company s fully-loaded costs and expenses incurred in providing such services. 

Activity with Meineng Energy for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is summarized as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the total amount
due to Meineng Energy is as follows as of: 

The operating results for Meineng Energy
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are summarized as follows: 

NOTE 4   BUSINESS COMBINATION  

On August 17, 2015 (the  Closing
Date ), Holu Energy LLC ( Holu ), the Company s 85%-owned subsidiary, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement
under which Holu acquired substantially all of the assets of Tian Shan Renewable Energy LLC ( Seller ). The transaction
was accounted for as a business combination under US GAAP. The primary reason for the business acquisition was to penetrate the
Hawaii and Pacific market in general, by acquiring a local team of respected expertise, solid projects, and healthy pipeline. 

The aggregate purchase consideration has
been allocated to the assets acquired, including customer intangible assets, based on their respective fair values. Measurement
period adjustments based on new information obtained after the acquisition date have been recorded as a change in goodwill (bargain
purchase) as allowed under ASC 805-10, Business Combinations   Overall. The fair values of the assets purchased approximate
the unbilled portion of each contract per the original terms of the contracts. The business acquisition resulted in the recognition
of $6,284 of goodwill attributable to the anticipated profitability of Tian Shan Renewable Energy LLC. Calculation of the goodwill
was measured as follows: 

The fair value of total consideration paid
includes (1) $225,829 of cash, and (2) $101,297 of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration is comprised of 20% of
the value of the unbilled portions of certain purchased assets. Holu will pay immediately to the Seller any amount of the contingent
consideration collected in full after the closing date. Holu is not obligated to pay the Seller any amount not collected in full
after six months after the date of a project s completion. All acquired projects are expected to be completed and billed
within the next 12 months. As of September 30, 2016, none of the contingent liability has been settled and the Company expects
to pay the entire contingent consideration. 

The following table summarizes the fair
value of the assets acquired as of the date of acquisition: 

In addition to the consideration paid for
the assets identified above, the Company settled pre-existing transactions that were accounted for separately in the amount of
$171,205. These transactions related to development and consulting services provided to the Company by the Seller prior to the
acquisition date. $159,205 of the development fees were initially capitalized within the  Project assets  line of the
Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet and subsequently recognized within  Cost of product revenue  and
$12,000 has been recognized in the  Selling, general, and administrative  expense line of the Company s condensed
consolidated statements of operations. The development and consulting services were settled with cash based on the original contract
prices. 

For financial reporting purposes, Holu s
assets and liabilities are consolidated with those of the Company and the minority shareholder s 15% interest in Holu is
included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as a noncontrolling interest. 

Pro-forma results of operations have not
been presented because the effects of the acquired operations were not material individually or in the aggregate. 

Acquisition Related Expenses   

Included in the condensed consolidated
statement of operations for the period from August 17, 2015 to June 30, 2016 were transaction expenses totaling approximately $33,700
for advisory and legal costs incurred in connection with the business acquisition. 

NOTE 5   MANAGEMENT S PLANS AND
FUTURE OPERATIONS  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on the basis of a going concern which contemplates that the Company will be able to realize
assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, they do not give effect to any adjustments
that would be necessary should the Company be required to liquidate its assets. The Company incurred a net loss of $4,642,722 attributable
to EnSync, Inc. for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and as of September 30, 2016 had an accumulated deficit of $125,192,830
and total EnSync, Inc. equity of $12,266,385. The ability of the Company to settle its total liabilities of $17,526,385 and to
continue as a going concern is dependent upon increasing revenues and achieving profitability. The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

We believe that cash and cash equivalents
on hand at September 30, 2016 and other potential sources of cash, will be sufficient to fund our current operations through the
first quarter of fiscal year 2018. However, there can be no assurances that unforeseen circumstances will not require the Company
to raise additional investment capital to fund its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain additional required funding,
the Company s financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the Company may not
be able to continue operations. 

NOTE 6   INVENTORIES  

Net inventories are comprised of the following
as of: 

NOTE 7   NOTE RECEIVABLE  

On September 23, 2014, the Company was
issued a $150,000 convertible promissory note from an unrelated party. The note accrues interest at 8% per annum on the outstanding
principal amount. The note matures on the earlier of (a) the date on which the unrelated party has secured a total of $500,000
or more in additional financing from any source or (b) December 31, 2016, and is classified as  Note receivable  in
the financial statements. If at the maturity date the note and accrued interest has not been paid in full, the Company may convert
the principal and interest outstanding into shares of the unrelated party s convertible preferred stock at the then-current
valuation. 

NOTE 8   PROPERTY, PLANT   EQUIPMENT  

Property, plant, and equipment are comprised
of the following as of: 

The Company recorded depreciation expense
of $156,464 and $172,590 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 9   GOODWILL  

The Company acquired ZBB Technologies,
Inc., a former wholly-owned subsidiary, through a series of transactions in March 1996. ZBB Technologies Inc. was subsequently
merged with and into EnSync, Inc. on January 1, 2012. The goodwill amount of $1.134 million, the difference between the price paid
for ZBB Technologies, Inc. and the net assets of the acquisition, amortized through fiscal 2002, resulted in the net goodwill amount
of $803,079. 

During fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded
goodwill totaling $6,284 in connection with the Tian Shan Renewable Energy LLC business acquisition. See Note 4 for further information. 

Information with respect to the carrying
amount of goodwill is as follows as of: 

NOTE 10   DEBT  

The Company s debt consisted of the
following as of: 

Bank loans, notes payable, and other debt consisted of the following
as of: 

Maximum aggregate annual principal payments for fiscal periods
subsequent to September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

NOTE 11   EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTOR EQUITY
INCENTIVE PLANS  

The Company previously adopted the 2002
Stock Option Plan ( 2002 Plan ) in which a stock option committee could grant up to 1,000,000 shares to key employees
or non-employee members of the board of directors. The options vest in accordance with specific terms and conditions contained
in an employment agreement. If vesting terms and conditions are not defined in an employment agreement, then the options vest as
determined by the stock option committee. If the vesting period is not defined in an employment agreement or by the stock option
committee, then the options immediately vest in full upon death, disability, or termination of employment. Vested options expire
upon the earlier of either the five year anniversary of the vesting date or termination of employment. No shares are available
to be issued under the 2002 Plan. 

The Company also previously adopted the
2007 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2007 Plan ) that authorized the board of directors or a committee to grant up to 300,000
shares to employees and directors of the Company. Unless defined in an employment agreement or otherwise determined, the options
vest ratably over a three-year period. Options expire 10 years after the date of grant. No shares are available to be issued under
the 2007 Plan. 

In November 2010, the Company adopted the
2010 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan ( Omnibus Plan ) which authorizes a committee of the board of directors to grant
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock, other stock-based awards,
and cash awards. The Omnibus Plan authorized up to 800,000 shares plus shares of Common Stock underlying any outstanding stock
option of other awards granted by any predecessor employee stock plan of the Company that is forfeited, terminated, or cancelled
without issuance of shares, to employees, officers, non-employee members of the board of directors, consultants, and advisors.
Unless otherwise determined, options vest ratably over a three-year period and expire 8 years after the date of grant. 

At the annual meeting of shareholders held
on November 7, 2012, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment of the Omnibus Plan which increased the number of shares
of the Company s common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the Omnibus Plan by 900,000 shares and the
creation of the 2012 Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Plan ( 2012 Director Equity Plan ), under which the
Company may issue up to 700,000 restricted stock unit awards and other equity awards to our non-employee directors pursuant to
the Company s director compensation policy. 

At the annual meeting of shareholders held
on November 18, 2014, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment of the Omnibus Plan which increased the number of
shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the Omnibus Plan by 1,250,000. The shareholders
also approved an amendment of the 2012 Director Equity Plan which increased the number of shares of the Company s common
stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2012 Director Equity Plan by 1,000,000. 

At the annual meeting of shareholders held
on November 17, 2015, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment of the Omnibus Plan which increased the number of
shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the Omnibus Plan by 5,000,000. The shareholders
also approved an amendment of the 2012 Director Equity Plan which increased the number of shares of the Company s common
stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2012 Director Equity Plan by 1,500,000. As of September 30, 2016, there
were a total of 636,200 shares available to be issued under the Omnibus Plan and 1,092,804 shares available to be issued under
the 2012 Director Equity Plan. 

In aggregate for all plans, at September
30, 2016, there were a total of 6,131,510 options and 3,957,244 RSUs outstanding. 

The fair value of each option granted is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing method. The Company uses historical data to estimate the
expected price volatility, the expected option life and the expected forfeiture rate. The Company has not made any dividend payments
nor does it have plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value
of options granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model: 

Time-vested and performance-based stock
awards, including stock options and RSUs are accounted for at fair value at date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized
over the requisite service and performance periods. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company s results of operations include compensation expense for stock options and RSUs
granted under its various equity incentive plans. The amount recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements related
to stock-based compensation was $272,653 and $156,792, based on the amortized grant date fair value of options and RSUs during
the three months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015 respectively. 

Information with respect to stock option activity is as follows: 

The following table summarizes information relating to the
stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, options to purchase 182,500 shares were granted to employees exercisable at $0.35 to $0.88 per share based on various
service-based and performance-based vesting terms from July 2016 through September 2019 and exercisable at various dates through
September 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, options to purchase 1,056,500 shares were granted to employees
exercisable at $0.51 to $0.85 per share based on service based vesting terms from July 2015 through September 2018 and exercisable
at various dates through September 2023. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding
options totaled $2,500,999 and was based on the Company s adjusted closing stock price of $0.99 as of September 30, 2016. 

A summary of the status of unvested
employee stock options as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and changes during the three months and years then ended is
presented below: 

Total fair value of options granted for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $112,368 and $555,314, respectively. At September 30, 2016,
there was $869,675 in unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over
a weighted average period of 1.6 years. 

The Company compensates its directors
with RSUs and cash. On November 17, 2015, 864,000 RSUs were granted to the Company s directors in partial payment of director s
fees through November 2016 under the 2012 Director Equity Plan. As of September 30, 2016, 864,000 of the RSUs from the November
17, 2015 grant had vested and there were $108,000 in director s fees expense settled with RSUs for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

On November 17, 2015, the Company s
CEO was awarded 1,500,000 RSUs. 750,000 of these RSUs vest over three years, beginning on November 17, 2016. The remaining 750,000
of these RSUs vest upon the satisfaction of certain performance targets that must be met on or before December 31, 2017. 

As of September 30, 2016, there were no
unvested RSUs and no unrecognized compensation cost. Generally, shares of common stock related to vested RSUs are to be issued
six months after the holder s separation from service with the Company. 

The table below summarizes the activity
of the RSUs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016: 

NOTE 12   WARRANTS  

At September 30, 2016, the following warrants
to purchase the Company s common stock were outstanding and exercisable: 

The table below summarizes warrant balances and activity for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016: 

NOTE 13   BASIC AND DILUTED NET
LOSS PER SHARE  

Basic net loss per common share is
computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period reported. Diluted net loss per common share is computed giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares
that were outstanding for the period reported. Diluted potential common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon
exercise of stock options and warrants and conversion of preferred stock. In computing diluted net loss per share for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, no adjustment has been made to the weighted average outstanding
common shares as the assumed exercise of outstanding options and warrants and conversion of preferred stock is
anti-dilutive. 

Potential common shares not included in
calculating diluted net loss per share are as follows: 

NOTE 14    EQUITY  

Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation   

On November 17, 2015, the Company filed
with the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the  Articles
of Amendment ) increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock from 150,000,000 shares to 300,000,000 shares.
The Articles of Amendment were approved by the Company s shareholders on November 17, 2015. 

SPI Energy Co., Ltd. Securities Purchase
Agreement   

On July 13, 2015 we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with SPI Energy Co., Ltd. ( SPI ), (formerly known as Solar
Power, Inc.), pursuant to which we sold SPI for an aggregate purchase price of $33,390,000 a total of (i) 8,000,000 shares of common
stock (the  Purchased Common Shares ) and (ii) 28,048 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Purchased
Preferred Shares ) which are convertible, subject to the completion of projects under our supply agreement with SPI (as described
below), into a total of up to 42,000,600 shares of Common Stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Common Shares was
based on a purchase price per share of $0.6678 and the aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Preferred Shares was determined
based on a price of $0.6678 per common share equivalent. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, SPI was also issued a warrant to purchase
50,000,000 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $36,729,000 (the  Warrant ). 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement,
the Company incurred $807,807 of financing related costs. The specific costs directly attributable to the Purchase Agreement have
been charged against the gross proceeds of the offering. 

The Company also entered into a supply
agreement with SPI pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and SPI agreed to purchase certain products and services offered
by the Company from time to time, including certain energy management system solutions for solar projects (the  Supply Agreement ). 

The Purchase Preferred Shares
were sold for $1,000 per share and are convertible at a conversion price of $0.6678 provided that (A) the first one-fourth
(the  Series C-1 Preferred Stock ) of the Purchased Preferred Shares only become convertible upon the completion
of five megawatts worth of solar projects in accordance with the Supply Agreement (the  Projects ), (B) the
second one-fourth (the  Series C-2 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the completion of an aggregate
of 15 megawatts worth of Projects, (C) the third one-fourth (the  Series C-3 Preferred Stock ) only become
convertible upon the completion of an aggregate
of 25 megawatts worth of Projects, and (D) the last one-fourth (the  Series C-4
Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the completion of an aggregate
of 40 megawatts worth of Projects. The Warrant represents
the right to acquire 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $0.7346. The Warrant only becomes
exercisable upon the completion of an aggregate of 40 megawatts worth of Projects. 

On August 30, 2016, SPI entered into a share purchase agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement )
with Melodious Investments Company Limited ( Melodious ) pursuant to which SPI sold to Melodious all of the Purchase
Common Shares, all 7,012 outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and 4,341 shares of Series C-2 Preferred Stock for a
total purchase price of $17.0 million (which is equal to the price SPI paid for such securities).  The Share Purchase Agreement
provides that if the purchase shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock are not converted into shares
of common stock within six months following the closing date, Melodious will have the right to require SPI to repurchase such shares
for a price equal to approximately 102% of the price paid by Melodious for such shares (plus 10% interest accrued from the closing
date).  Following the sale of such securities, SPI continues to hold the Requisite Shares, and the Governance Agreement remains
in effect. 

August 27, 2014 Underwritten Public
Offering   

On March 13, 2013, the Company entered
into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement ( Common Stock Purchase Agreement ) with Aspire Capital Fund, LLC, an Illinois
limited liability company ( Aspire Capital ), which provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and
limitations set forth therein, Aspire Capital was committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $10 million of shares of the Company s
common stock over the two-year term of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. On August 18, 2014, the Company provided notice to
Aspire Capital electing to terminate the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. 

On August 27, 2014, the Company completed
an underwritten public offering of its common stock at a price to the public of $1.12 per share. The Company sold a total of 13,248,000
shares of its common stock in the offering for aggregate proceeds of approximately $14.8 million. The Company received approximately
$13.7 million of net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and expenses. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
Securities Purchase Agreement   

On September 26, 2013 the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain investors providing for the sale of 3,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the  Preferred Stock ). Certain Directors of the Company purchased 500 shares. 

Shares of Preferred Stock were sold for
$1,000 per share (the  Stated Value ) and accrue dividends on the Stated Value at an annual rate of 10%. The net proceeds
to the Company, after deducting $96,966 of offering costs, were $2,903,004. During the year ended June 30, 2014, 425 shares of
Preferred Stock were converted into 470,171 shares of common stock of the Company. During the year ended June 30, 2016, 275 shares
of Preferred Stock were converted into 352,696 shares of common stock of the Company. 

At September 30, 2016, 2,300 shares of
Preferred Stock were convertible into 3,256,046 shares of common stock of the Company ( Common Stock ) at a conversion
price equal to $0.95. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to
receive out of the assets of the Company an amount equal to two times the Stated Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon.
At September 30, 2016 the liquidation preference of the Preferred Stock was $5,393,243. 

In connection with the purchase of the
Preferred Stock, investors received warrants to purchase a total of 3,157,895 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.95.
The warrants were exercisable at any time prior to September 27, 2016. During the year ended June 30, 2014, 1,447,370 warrants
were exercised via a cashless exercise resulting in the issuance of 850,169 shares of common stock of the Company. In addition,
the Company issued a total of 81,579 warrants to a placement agent in connection with the transaction. These warrants expired on
September 27, 2016. 

NOTE 15  
COMMITMENTS  

Asset Retirement Obligations   

FASB ASC Topic 410,  Asset Retirement
and Environmental Obligations,  requires the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation be recorded in
the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made and that the associated asset retirement
costs be capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset. The retirement obligation relates to estimated costs
for the removal and shipment of a solar power system under an equipment lease. Accrued asset retirement obligations are recorded
at net present value and discounted over the life of the lease. The Company had an asset retirement obligation of $18,991 as of
September 30, 2016 and $18,759 as of June 30, 2016. The asset retirement obligation is classified as  Other long-term liabilities 
in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The table below summarizes the asset retirement obligation balances and activity: 

Leasing Activities   

Sale-leaseback Transactions  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the
Company entered into a sale-leaseback transaction with a non-related party. The Company evaluated the transaction under FASB ASC
Subtopic 842-40,  Sale and Leaseback Transactions  and concluded that the transfer of the asset did not qualify as
a sale and is accounted for in accordance with other Topics. The liability is presented in the debt table in Note 10 as an equipment
financing obligation. 

Operating Leases  

The Company leases office space in Petaluma,
California from a non-related company under the terms of a lease that expires July 15, 2019. Monthly rent for the first twelve
months of the lease is $3,000 and increase by 2.5% for each succeeding 12 month period. 

The Company leases office space in Madison,
Wisconsin from a non-related company under the terms of a lease that expires October 31, 2017. Monthly rent for the first twelve
months of the lease is $1,580 and increases by 3% for each succeeding 12 month period. 

The Company leased an Australian research
and development facility from a non-related Australian company under the terms of a lease that was due to expire on October 31,
2016. Subsequently, the Company entered into a lease termination agreement that was effective January 1, 2016. The Company was
required to pay a rent shortfall of $36,521 and a leasing fee of $7,313. 

Operating lease expense recognized during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $14,524 and $19,283, respectively. Operating lease expense
is included in operating expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, the carrying value of the right of use asset was $116,903 and $27,264, respectively, and is separately stated on the condensed
consolidated balance sheets. The related short-term and long-term liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were $53,465 and $63,478
and as of June 30, 2016 were $20,234 and $7,030, respectively. The short-term and long-term liabilities are included in  Accrued
expenses  and  Other long-term liabilities,  respectively, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Information regarding the weighted-average
remaining lease term and the weighted-average discount rate for operating leases as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 are
summarized below: 

The table below reconciles the undiscounted
cash flows for the first five years and total of the remaining years to the operating lease liabilities recorded in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016: 

Short-term Leases  

The Company leases facilities in Honolulu,
Hawaii, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Shanghai, China from non-related parties under lease terms that expire between September 15,
2016 and May 31, 2017. Monthly rent for the twelve-month rental periods is between $400 and $4,250 per month. Rent expense of $23,761
and $20,685 was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. Short-term rent expense is
included in operating expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

Employment Contracts   

The Company has entered into employment
contracts with executives and management personnel. The contracts provide for salaries, bonuses and stock option grants, along
with other employee benefits. The employment contracts generally have no set term and can be terminated by either party. There
is a provision for payments of up to six months of annual salary as severance if the Company terminates a contract without cause,
along with the acceleration of certain unvested stock option grants. During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded
$125,000 of severance for the former CEO. 

NOTE 16   RETIREMENT PLANS  

The Company sponsors a defined contribution
retirement plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, the EnSync, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan. Employees may elect to
contribute up to the Internal Revenue Service annual contribution limit. The Company matches employees  contributions up
to 4% of eligible compensation and Company contributions are limited in any year to the amount allowable by government tax authorities.
Eligible employees are 100% immediately vested. Total employer contributions recognized in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations under this plan were $48,818 and $28,236 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 17   INCOME
TAXES  

The Company had no current or deferred
provision (benefit) for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

The Company accounts for income taxes
using an asset and liability approach which generally requires the recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities based
on the expected future income tax consequences of events that have previously been recognized in the Company s financial
statements or tax returns. In addition, a valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some or all of
the deferred income tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed for recoverability
based on historical taxable income, the expected reversals of existing temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projections
of future taxable income. As a result of this analysis, the Company has provided for a valuation allowance against its net deferred
income tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The Company s combined effective income tax rate differed
from the U.S. federal statutory income rate as follows: 

Significant components
of the Company s net deferred income tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 were as follows:  

The
Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $57.5 million as of September 30, 2016, that
expire at various dates between June 30, 2018 and 2035. The Company also has $7.4 million in other federal deferred tax
assets comprised of charitable contributions carryforwards and intangible amortization. The Company has U.S. federal research
and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $340,028 as of September 30, 2016 that expire at various dates
through June 30, 2034. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has approximately $58.8 million of Wisconsin net operating loss
carryforwards that expire at various dates between June 30, 2016 and 2029. As of September 30, 2016, the Company also has
approximately $4.3 million of Australian net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income of its
Australian subsidiaries with an indefinite carryforward period.  

The
Comp any s issuance of additional shares of common stock has constituted an ownership change under Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code which places an annual dollar limit on the use of net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards
and other tax attributes that may be utilized in the future. The calculation of the annual limitation of usage is based on a percentage
of the equity value immediately after any ownership change. The annual amount of tax attributes that may be utilized after the
change in ownership is limited. Previous issuances of additional shares of common stock also resulted in ownership changes and
the annual amount of tax attributes from previous years is limited as well. The estimated U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward
expected to expire due to the Section 382 limitation is $44.5 million and the estimated state net operating losses expected to
expire due to the limitation is $28.2 million. The net operating loss deferred tax assets reflect this limitation. 

NOTE 18   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

On September 7, 2016, the Company entered
into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with Theodore Peck, the CEO of the Company s 85% owned subsidiary, Holu Energy,
LLC. Pursuant to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, the Company will sell to Theodore Peck all of the issued and outstanding
membership interests of a PPA entity for $592,000, subject to the terms of a Promissory Note, a Security Agreement, and a Pledge
Agreement. The transaction is considered to be executed upon terms that are in the normal course of operations. No revenue or expense
has been recognized in the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September
30, 2016 as no consideration has been received. 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW 

EnSync, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( EnSync, 
 we,   us,   our,  or the  Company ) develop, license, and manufacture innovative
energy management systems solutions serving the commercial and industrial ( C I ) and multi-tenant building, utility,
and off-grid markets. Incorporated in 1998, EnSync is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, USA with offices in Madison,
Wisconsin, Petaluma, California, Honolulu, Hawaii, and Shanghai, China. We regularly use the name EnSync Energy Systems for marketing
and branding purposes. 

EnSync develops and commercializes application
solutions for advanced energy management systems critical to the transition from a  coal-centric economy  to one reliant
on renewable energy sources. EnSync synchronizes conventional utility, distributed generation and storage assets to seamlessly
ensure the least expensive and most reliable electricity available, thus enabling the future of energy networks. These advanced
systems directly connect wind and solar equipment to the grid and other systems that can form various levels of micro-grids as
well as power quality regulation solutions. EnSync brings vital power control and energy storage solutions to problems caused by
incorporation of increasingly pervasive renewable energy generating assets that are part of the grid power transmission and distribution
network used in commercial, industrial, and multi-tenant buildings. The Company also develops and commercializes energy management
systems for off-grid applications such as island or remote power. 

We recently began addressing our target
markets through power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) under which we agree to provide, and the customer agrees to purchase,
electricity from us at a fixed rate for a 20-year period. Under this structure we develop and supply a system that uses our and
other companies  products and the customer receives the benefit of a low and fixed price for electricity without any upfront
costs. Because this business model requires significant capital outlays, we are developing a monetization strategy under which
we either sell the PPA projects outright or enter into sale-leaseback transactions. 

The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and those of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ZBB Energy Pty Ltd. (formerly known as ZBB Technologies,
Ltd.), various PPA project subsidiaries, its eighty-five percent owned subsidiary Holu Energy LLC, and its sixty percent owned
subsidiary ZBB PowerSav Holdings Limited located in Hong Kong which was formed in connection with the Company s investment
in a China joint venture. 

SPI Energy Co., Ltd.   

In July 2015, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with SPI Energy Co., Ltd. ( SPI ), (formerly known as Solar
Power, Inc.), pursuant to which we sold to SPI for an aggregate purchase price of $33,390,000 a total of (i) 8,000,000 shares of
common stock (the  Purchased Common Shares ) and (ii) 28,048 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Purchased
Preferred Shares ) which are convertible, subject to the completion of projects under our supply agreement with SPI (as described
below), into a total of up to 42,000,600 shares of Common Stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Common Shares was
based on a purchase price per share of $0.6678. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Preferred Shares was determined
based on a price of $0.6678 per common share equivalent. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, SPI was also issued a warrant to purchase
50,000,000 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $36,729,000 (the  Warrant ). 

The cash received by the Company in excess
of the fair value of the Purchased Common Shares and the nonconvertible attribute of the Purchased Preferred Shares was recorded
as deferred revenue of $13,290,000. This amount was allocated to the Supply Agreement under which the Company expects to perform
in the future. The deferred revenue will be recognized as revenue as sales occur under the Supply Agreement. 

The Company also entered into a supply
agreement with SPI pursuant to which we agreed to sell and SPI agreed to purchase certain products and services offered by us from
time to time, including certain energy management system solutions for solar projects (the  Supply Agreement ). The
Supply Agreement contemplates the sale of at least (i) 5 megawatts of Products and Services within the first year, (ii) an additional
10 megawatts in the second year, (iii) an additional 10 megawatts in the third year, and (iv) an additional 15 megawatts in the
fourth year. We had planned on achieving a significant amount of revenues under the Supply Agreement. To date, however, SPI has
not made any such purchases under the Supply Agreement and there can be no assurance that SPI will fulfill its purchase obligations
under the Supply Agreement. 

On October 24, 2016, we delivered a formal
Notice of Default under the Supply Agreement due to SPI s failure to meet its purchase obligations thereunder. In the Notice
of Default, we informed SPI that, to cure its breach of the terms of the Supply Agreement by November 23, 2016, SPI must (i) purchase
and pay for Products (and related Services) (each defined in the Supply Agreement) from us with a minimum total aggregated 5 megawatts
of rated power, with discharge time of two or more hours and (ii) order additional Products (and related Services) from us with
an additional minimum total aggregated 10 megawatts of rated power, with discharge time of two or more hours, including paying
a 50% deposit for such Products (and related Services). If SPI fails to meet these requirements, we intend to terminate the Supply
Agreement and following such termination, it will no longer be possible for SPI to satisfy the conditions that would have enabled
it to convert any shares of Series C Preferred Stock it then holds into shares of EnSync common stock. Similarly, it will no longer
be possible for the Warrant to become exercisable. 

The Purchased Preferred Shares were sold
for $1,000 per share and are convertible at a conversion price of $0.6678 per share provided that (A) the first one-fourth (the
 Series C-1 Preferred Stock ) of the Purchased Preferred Shares only become convertible upon the completion of five
megawatts worth of solar projects in accordance with the Supply Agreement (the  Projects ), (B) the second one-fourth
(the  Series C-2 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the completion of an aggregate
of 15 megawatts worth of Projects, (C)
the third one-fourth (the  Series C-3 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the completion of an aggregate
of 25 megawatts
worth of Projects, and (D) the last one-fourth (the  Series C-4 Preferred Stock ) only become convertible upon the
completion of an aggregate
of 40 megawatts worth of Projects. The Warrant represents the right to acquire 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock at
an exercise price equal to $0.7346. The Warrant only becomes exercisable upon the completion of an aggregate
of 40 megawatts worth of Projects.
As of September 30, 2016, no purchases had been made under the Supply Agreement, and therefore, the Purchase Preferred Shares were
not convertible and the Warrant was not exercisable. Additionally, if SPI fails to cure the breach of its terms of the Supply Agreement
by November 23, 2016, we intend to terminate the Supply Agreement and following such termination, it will no longer be possible
for SPI to satisfy the conditions that would have enable it to convert any shares of Series C Preferred Stock it then holds into
shares of EnSync common stock, and it will no longer be possible for the warrant to become exercisable. 

We also entered into a governance agreement
with SPI (the  Governance Agreement ) pursuant to which SPI is entitled to nominate one director to our board of directors
for so long as SPI holds at least 10,000 Purchased Preferred Shares or 25 million shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents
(the  Requisite Shares ). Additionally, for so long as SPI holds the Requisite Shares (1) following the time at which
the Series C-2 Preferred Stock shall have become convertible in full, SPI shall be entitled to nominate a total of two additional
Directors to the Board and (2) following the time at which the Series C-3 Preferred Stock shall have become convertible in full,
SPI shall be entitled to nominate a total of three directors. 

On August 30, 2016, SPI entered into a share purchase agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement )
with Melodious Investments Company Limited ( Melodious ) pursuant to which SPI sold to Melodious all of the Purchase
Common Shares, all 7,012 outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and 4,341 shares of Series C-2 Preferred Stock for a
total purchase price of $17.0 million (which is equal to the price SPI paid for such securities).  The Share Purchase Agreement
provides that if the purchase shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock are not converted into shares
of common stock within six months following the closing date, Melodious will have the right to require SPI to repurchase such shares
for a price equal to approximately 102% of the price paid by Melodious for such shares (plus 10% interest accrued from the closing
date).  Following the sale of such securities, SPI continues to hold the Requisite Shares, and the Governance Agreement remains
in effect. 

Holu Energy LLC   

On August 17, 2015, our eighty-five percent
owned subsidiary, Holu Energy LLC ( Holu ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement under which Holu acquired substantially
all of the assets of Tian Shan Renewable Energy LLC, a Honolulu-based energy systems project development company. Holu is focused
on the development of renewable energy projects in the Hawaii and greater Pacific markets for commercial, industrial, utility and
nonprofit entities, generally via power purchase agreements under which the customer agrees to purchase electricity at a fixed
rate for a 20-year period. 

China Joint Venture   

Anhui Meineng Store Energy Co., Ltd. ( Meineng
Energy ) was established in late 2011 to develop, produce, sell, distribute and service advanced storage batteries and power
electronics in China. Meineng Energy assembles and manufactures certain of the Company s products for sale in the power management
industry on an exclusive basis in mainland China and on a non-exclusive basis in Hong Kong and Taiwan. 

Our investment in Meineng Energy was made
through ZBB PowerSav Holdings Limited ( Holdco ), a limited liability Hong Kong holding company, formed with PowerSav
New Energy Holdings Limited. We own 60% of Holdco s equity interests. We have the right to appoint a majority of the members
of the Board of Directors of Holdco and Holdco has the right to appoint a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of
Meineng Energy. Our indirect interest in Meineng is approximately 30%. 

Meineng Energy manufactures certain products
for EnSync pursuant to a supply agreement under which we pay Meineng Energy 120% of its direct costs incurred in manufacturing
such products. 

Bradley L. Hansen, our President and Chief
Executive Officer, has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Meineng Energy since December 2011. Mr. Hansen owns an indirect
6% equity interest in Meineng Energy. 

Pursuant to a management services agreement,
Holdco will provide certain management services to Meineng Energy in exchange for a management services fee equal to five percent
of Meineng Energy s net sales for the subsequent three years, provided the payment of such fees will terminate upon Meineng
Energy completing an initial public offering on a nationally recognized securities exchange. To date, no management service fee
revenues have been recognized by Holdco. 

Lotte Chemical Corporation   

In April 2011, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Lotte Chemical Corporation ( Lotte ), pursuant to which
we collaborated with Lotte on the technical development of our third generation zinc bromide flow battery module (the  Version
3 Battery Module ). Lotte received a fully paid-up, exclusive and royalty-free license to sell and manufacture the Version
3 Battery Module in South Korea and a non-exclusive royalty-bearing license to sell the Version 3 Battery Module in Japan, Thailand,
Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam and Singapore. 

In December 2013, we entered into a Research
and Development Agreement (the  R D Agreement ) with Lotte pursuant to which we agreed to develop and provide to
Lotte a 500kWh zinc bromide flow battery system, including a zinc bromide chemical flow battery module and related software (the
 Product ), on the terms and conditions set forth in the R D Agreement (the  Lotte Project ). Subject
to the satisfaction of certain specified milestones, Lotte is required to make payments to us under the R D Agreement totaling
$3,000,000 over the term of the Lotte Project. 

Additionally, in December 2013, we entered
into an Amended License Agreement with Lotte (the  Amended License Agreement ). Pursuant to the Amended License Agreement,
we granted to Lotte, (1) an exclusive and royalty-free limited license in South Korea to use the Company s zinc bromide flow
battery module, zinc bromide flow battery stack and the technical information and know how related to the intellectual property
arising from the Lotte Project (collectively, the  Technology ) to manufacture or sell a zinc bromide flow battery
(the  Lotte Product ) in South Korea and (2) a non-exclusive (a) royalty-free limited license for Lotte and its affiliates
to use the Technology internally in all locations other than China and South Korea to manufacture the Lotte Product and (b) royalty-bearing
limited license to sell the Lotte Product in all locations other than China, the United States and South Korea. Lotte is required
to pay us a total license fee of $3,000,000 under the Amended License Agreement plus up to an additional $1,000,000 if certain
specific milestones are successfully achieved. In addition, Lotte is required to make ongoing royalty payments to the Company equal
to a single digit percentage of Lotte s sales of the Lotte Product outside of South Korea until December 31, 2019. The original
license fees were subject to a 16.5% non-refundable Korea withholding tax. 

Through September 30, 2016 the Company has received $5,425,000 of payments under the Lotte R D and
Amended License Agreements.  The Company does not expect to receive any additional cash payments under these agreements. 

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES  

The following discussion of the condensed
consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and the Company s Annual Report filed on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. In addition to the historical information, this discussion contains forward looking
statements such as statements of the Company s expectations, plans, objectives, and beliefs. These statements use words such
as  may,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   believe,   plan, 
and other similar terminology. In addition to the risks and uncertainties faced generally by participants in the renewable energy
industry, we face the following uncertainties: 

We have incurred losses since our inception
in 1998 and anticipate incurring continuing losses.    

We anticipate we will require a
                                                                                                               substantial amount of additional funds to finance our capital requirements and the growth of our business, and we may not be
                                                                                                               able to raise a sufficient amount of funds, or be able to do so on terms favorable to us and our stockholders, or at
                                                                                                               all.    

Our stock price could be volatile and
our trading volume may fluctuate substantially.    

Melodious Investments Company Limited
and its affiliates (the  Melodious Group ) could sell or transfer a substantial number of shares of our common stock,
which could depress the price of our securities or result in a change in control of the Company.    

Our industry is highly competitive and
we may be unable to successfully compete.    

Our ability to achieve significant revenue
growth will be dependent on the successful commercialization of our new products, including our Matrix Energy Management System
and Agile Hybrid Storage System.    

To achieve profitability, we will need
to expand our sales, lower our costs and increase our margins, which we may not be able to do.    

If our products do not perform as planned,
we could experience increased costs, lower margins or harm to our reputation.    

We need to continue to improve the performance
of our products to meet future requirements and competitive pressures.    

We must build quality products to ensure
acceptance of our products.    

To succeed, we will need to rapidly grow
and we may not be successful in managing this rapid growth.    

Our relationships with our strategic partners
may not be successful, and we may not be successful in establishing additional partnerships, which could adversely affect our ability
to commercialize our products and services.    

A significant portion of our sales was
to be to a single customer; however, we have not yet made any sales to such potential customer and may terminate our Supply Agreement
with such customer if its breach is not cured.    

We depend on sole and limited source suppliers
and outsource certain manufacturing activities, and shortages or delay of supplies of component parts may adversely affect our
operating results until alternate sources can be developed.    

We have no experience manufacturing our
products on a large-scale basis and may be unable to do so at our manufacturing facilities.    

We are subject to risks relating to product
concentration and lack of revenue diversification.    

SPI has significant influence over key
decision making of the Company, the Melodious Group may have the ability to significantly influence key decision making, and either
or both SPI and/or Melodious Group may ultimately acquire complete control of the Company.    

Our business could be negatively affected
as a result of actions by activist shareholders.    

We have implemented, and Wisconsin law
contains, anti-takeover provisions that may adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock.    

Our China joint venture could be adversely
affected by the laws and regulations of the Chinese government, our lack of decision-making authority and disputes between us and
the Joint Venture.    

Business practices in Asia may entail
greater risk and dependence upon the personal relationships of senior management than is common in North America, and therefore
some of our agreements with other parties in China and South Korea could be difficult or impossible to enforce.    

Our success depends on our ability to
retain our managerial personnel and to attract additional personnel.    

We market and sell, and plan to market
and sell, our products in numerous international markets. If we are unable to manage our international operations effectively,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.    

Our sales cycle is lengthy and variable,
which makes it difficult for us to forecast revenue and other operating results.    

Our increased emphasis on larger and more
complex system solutions and customer concentration may adversely affect our ability to accurately predict the timing of revenues
and to meet short-term expectations of operating results.    

We recently entered into our first target
markets through power purchase agreements ( PPAs ), which represents a new business for us. We have very limited experience
in the PPA business, which is very complex, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop such business.    

We expect to rely on third-party suppliers
and contractors when developing and constructing systems for our PPA business.    

Business and consumers might not adopt
alternative energy solutions as a means for obtaining their electricity and power needs, and therefore our revenues may not increase,
and we may be unable to achieve and then sustain profitability.    

Our business depends in part on the regulatory
treatment of third-party owned solar energy systems.    

The success of our business depends on
our ability to develop and protect our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive.    

While we take steps to protect our proprietary
rights to the extent possible, there can be no assurance that third parties will not know, discover or develop independently equivalent
proprietary information or techniques, that they will not gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our trade secrets to the
public. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we can maintain and protect unpatented proprietary information and trade secrets. If
we fail to protect our intellectual property, our planned business could be adversely affected.    

We may be subject to claims that we infringe
the intellectual property rights of others, and unfavorable outcomes could harm our business.    

We may engage in acquisitions that could
disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and reduce our financial resources.    

We have never paid cash dividends and
do not intend to do so.    

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

The preparation of our financial statements
conforms to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ), which requires management,
in applying our accounting policies, to make estimates and assumptions that have an important impact on our reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures at the date of our financial statements. On an on-going basis, management
evaluates its estimates including those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuations, warranty obligations, and income
taxes. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from management s estimates. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  

Revenue Recognition  

Application of the accounting principles
related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires the Company to make judgments and estimates. Even for the same product,
the Company has to interpret contract terms to determine the appropriate accounting treatments. When services, installation and
training, etc. are rendered with product sales, the Company determines whether the deliverables should be treated as separate units
of accounting. When there are multiple transactions with the same customer, significant judgments are made to determine whether
separate contracts are considered as part of one arrangement according to the contract s terms and conditions. When the installed
equipment is accepted by the customer in different periods, the Company determines whether the completed project is able to be
used by the customer, whether the receivable is collectible and whether revenue is recognized in stages. 

Revenue recognition is also impacted by
various factors, including the credit-worthiness of the customer. Estimates of these factors are evaluated periodically to assess
the adequacy of the estimates. If the estimates were changed, revenue would be impacted. 

Excess and Obsolete Inventory  

The Company determines inventory write-downs
of excess and obsolete inventories based on historical usage. The write-down is measured as the difference between the cost of
the inventory and market based upon assumptions about usage. 

We believe our accounting estimate related
to excess and obsolete inventory is a critical accounting estimate because it requires us to make assumptions about usage, which
can be highly uncertain. Changes in these estimates can have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Accrued Expenses  

Accrued expenses consist of the Company s
present obligations related to various expenses incurred during the period and includes a reserve for estimated contract losses,
other accrued expenses, and warranty obligations. A product upgrade initiative was completed during the year ended June 30, 2016
and the unused reserve of $186,000 was reversed during fiscal year 2016. 

Subsequent to commercialization, installation
and commissioning of units in the field, the Company garnered meaningful insights that resulted in system design modifications
and other general upgrades, which improved the performance, efficiency, and reliability of its systems. In the interest of enhancing
customer satisfaction, the Company launched a product upgrade initiative to implement these improvements at certain locations of
its installed base. 

Warranty Provision   

The Company s products are generally
covered by a warranty for 12 or 18 months. The Company accrues for warranty costs as part of costs of sales based on associated
material costs, technical labor costs, and associated overheads at the time revenue is recognized. 

If the Company experiences an increase
in warranty claims compared with historical experience, or if the cost of servicing warranty claims is greater than expected, the
Company s gross margin could be adversely affected. 

Stock Based Compensation  

The Company s Board of Directors
approves grants of stock options to employees to purchase our common stock. Stock compensation expense is recorded based upon the
estimated fair value of the stock option at the date of grant. The accounting estimate related to stock-based compensation is considered
a critical accounting estimate because estimates are made in calculating compensation expense including stock price, expected option
lives, forfeiture rates and expected volatility. Expected option lives and forfeiture rates may be different from estimates and
may result in potential future adjustments, which would impact the amount of stock-based compensation expense recorded in a particular
period. 

Accounting for the Securities Purchase
Agreement and Supply Agreement with SPI  

As discussed in Note 2 of the condensed
consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into several agreements with SPI on July 13, 2015, including the Securities
Purchase Agreement and the Supply Agreement. Determining the appropriate accounting for the arrangement required the Company to
take into account the interrelated nature of the agreements and the terms of the securities issued. 

As the Series C Preferred Stock issued
to SPI becomes convertible and the Warrant issued to SPI becomes exercisable only if SPI makes certain purchases from the Company,
the Company concluded that the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 605-50,  Revenue Recognition   Customer Payments and Incentives 
requires that the fair value of the conversion option on the Series C Preferred Stock and the Warrant must be reflected as a sales
incentive, and presented as a reduction of revenue and increase to additional paid in capital when that value is recognized in
the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The sales incentive will be recognized as SPI makes purchases that progress
toward the vesting of each tranche of the conversion option of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Warrant, so long as the Company
believes that it is probable SPI will make sufficient purchases to cause the applicable tranche of the Series C Preferred Stock
to become convertible or the Warrant to vest. As of September 30, 2016, no purchases under the Supply Agreement had occurred and
therefore no sales incentive had been recognized. Once such purchases occur, the Company will utilize all available information,
including forecasts, in assessing whether each tranche of the Series C Preferred Stock is probable of becoming convertible and
the Warrant is probable of vesting. 

Any amount that is recognized as a
sales incentive will be determined based upon the fair value of the convertibility provision on the applicable tranche of
Series C Preferred Stock and/or the Warrant during the period in which sales to SPI occur. Because SPI does not face a
penalty for not making purchases under the Supply Agreement other than the loss of the convertibility of the Series C
Preferred Stock and the loss in value of the Warrant, the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 505-50,  Equity  
Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees  require that the sales incentive be measured based upon the fair value of the
conversion provisions at the time they become exercisable and the Warrant at its vesting date and the value. The Company will
therefore be required to update its estimates of the fair value of these items each period until SPI has purchased 40
megawatts of Projects under the Supply Agreement, at which point all tranches of the Series C Preferred Stock will be
convertible and the Warrant will vest. As there are no observable prices for conversion provisions or the Warrant, the fair
value estimates need to be determined using option pricing or other valuation techniques. See Note 2 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements for further information about the measurement of fair value of these instruments as of
September 30, 2016. 

On August 30, 2016, SPI entered into a share purchase agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement )
with Melodious Investments Company Limited ( Melodious ) pursuant to which SPI sold to Melodious all of the Purchase
Common Shares, all 7,012 outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and 4,341 shares of Series C-2 Preferred Stock for a
total purchase price of $17.0 million (which is equal to the price SPI paid for such securities).  The Share Purchase Agreement
provides that if the purchase shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock are not converted into shares
of common stock within six months following the closing date, Melodious will have the right to require SPI to repurchase such shares
for a price equal to approximately 102% of the price paid by Melodious for such shares (plus 10% interest accrued from the closing
date).  Following the sale of such securities, SPI continues to hold the Requisite Shares, and the Governance Agreement remains
in effect. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Three months ended September 30, 2016
compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015  

Revenue:   

Our revenues for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were $7,656,561  and $272,976,  respectively. The increase of $7,383,585 in
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was the result of a $7,506,025 increase in product sales attributable to our sales of
PPA systems to AEP Onsite Partners offset by a $122,440 decrease in engineering and development revenue as compared to the year
ended September 30, 2015. On July 27, 2016, we sold PPA systems to AEP Onsite Site Partners for proceeds of $7,526,500. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $7,103,862 of revenues from the sale of the PPA systems and $422,638
will be deferred and recognized over the warranty term. We expect that our sales of PPA systems will be uneven from quarter to
quarter due to the need to group such agreements together for sales as well as other factors. 

Costs and Expenses:   

Total costs and expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were $12,412,004  and $4,117,318,  respectively. This increase
of $8,294,686 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the following factors: 

$7,779,978 increase in costs of product
sales principally due to $7.4 million cost of product sales associated with the sale of the PPA systems to AEP Onsite Partners
and other product shipments, warranty charges of $263,000, and an inventory write-off of $140,000;    

$670,114 decrease in advanced engineering
and development expenses as a result of increased expenditures of time and material on the Lotte R D Agreement in lieu of internal
projects;    

$325,477 increase in selling, general,
and administrative expenses. The Company incurred approximately $108,000 of non-recurring expenditures primarily related to severance
expense, and the remaining increase is due to additional expenses for wages and benefits resulting from increased headcount; and    

Other Income (Expense):   

Total other income (expense) for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $12,233 to $30,448 from $18,215 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which
is reflective of the change in our investee company earnings. 

Income Taxes (Benefit):   

The Company did not recognize a benefit
for income taxes during the three months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

Net Loss:   

Our net loss for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased by $885,311  to $4,642,722  from the $3,757,411  net loss for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. This increase in loss was primarily from the increase in costs of engineering and development incurred during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Since our inception, our research, advanced
engineering and development, and operations have been primarily financed through debt and equity financings, and engineering, government
and other research and development contracts. Total capital stock and paid in capital as of September 30, 2016 was $139,044,032
 compared with June 30, 2016 total capital stock and paid in capital of $138,771,379 . We had a cumulative deficit of
$125,192,830  as of September 30, 2016 compared to a cumulative deficit of $120,550,108  as of June 30, 2016. At September
30, 2016 we had net working capital of $21,639,316  compared to June 30, 2016 net working capital of $25,519,210.  Our
shareholders  equity as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, exclusive of noncontrolling interests, was $12,266,385  and
$16,635,688 , respectively. 

On September 26, 2013, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain investors providing for the sale of 3,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the  Preferred Stock ). Shares of Preferred Stock were sold for $1,000 per share (the  Stated Value )
and accrue dividends on the Stated Value at an annual rate of 10%. At September 30, 2016 the Preferred Stock was convertible into
a total of 3,256,046  shares of common stock of the Company ( Common Stock ) at a conversion price equal to $0.95.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets
of the Company an amount equal to two times the Stated Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. The net proceeds to
the Company, after deducting $96,967 of offering costs, were $2,909,873. At September 30, 2016 the liquidation preference of the
Preferred Stock was $5,393,243.  

On August 27, 2014, we completed an underwritten
public offering of our common stock at a price to the public of $1.12 per share. We sold a total of 13,248,000 shares of our common
stock in the offering for aggregate proceeds of approximately $14.8 million. We received approximately $13.7 million of net proceeds
from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and expenses. 

On July 13, 2015, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with SPI Energy Co., Ltd. ( SPI ), (formerly known as Solar
Power, Inc.), pursuant to which we sold to SPI for an aggregate purchase price of $33,390,000 a total of (i) 8,000,000 shares (the
 Purchased Common Shares ) of Common Stock and (ii) 28,048 shares (the  Purchased Preferred Shares ) of
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Common Shares was based on a purchase price
per share of $0.6678 and the aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Preferred Shares was determined based on a price of $0.6678
per common share equivalent. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, SPI was also issued a warrant to purchase 50,000,000 shares of
Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $36,729,000 (the  Warrant ).  

At September 30, 2016, our principal sources
of liquidity were our cash and cash equivalents which totaled $19,923,178  and accounts receivable of $433,282.  

We believe that cash and cash equivalents
on hand and other potential sources of cash will be sufficient to fund our current operations through the first quarter of fiscal
year 2018  However, unless we are able to increase our revenues and achieve profitability we will likely require additional
investment capital thereafter to fund our operations. 

If we are unable to obtain additional required
funding, we may not be able to: 

remain in operation;    

execute our growth plan;    

take advantage of future opportunities;
or    

respond to customers and competition.    

Operating Activities   

Our operating activities provided net cash
of $2,816,403  for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Cash provided by operations resulted from a net loss of $4,724,995,
which was decreased by $534,696  in non-cash adjustments and by $7,006,702  in net changes to working capital. Non-cash
adjustments included $156,464 of depreciation expense, $272,653 of stock compensation expense, $140,690 provision for inventory
reserve, partially offset by $23,655 of equity in gain of investee company, $8,432 gain on sale of property and equipment, and
$3,024 of interest accreted on the note receivable. Net increases in working capital were primarily from decreases of $60,441 in
prepaids and other current assets, $5,174,290 in deferred PPA project costs, $304,229 in deferred customer project costs, $516,017
in project assets, increases in accrued expenses of $579,447, customer deposits of $196,417, accrued compensation and benefits
of $66,895, deferred revenue of $422,638, and other long-term liabilities of $137,983, offset by increases in accounts receivable
of $264,078, inventories of $68,035, and decreases in accounts payable of $119,542. 

Investing Activities   

Our investing activities provided net cash
of $605  for the three months ended September 30, 2016, related primarily to the cash proceeds in the amount of $9,754 from
the sale of property and equipment, partially offset by expenditures for new property and equipment of $9,149. 

Financing Activities   

Our financing activities used net cash
of $82,236  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 for repayments of long-term debt of $82,236. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We
had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable.  

Item
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of
any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding
of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their control objectives, and management necessarily is required to use its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

An evaluation was carried out under the
supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
and Chief Administrative Officer ( CAO ), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation,
the CEO and CAO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the our
CEO and CAO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)).
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CAO, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Controls   Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation
under the framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal controls over
financial reporting were effective as of September 30, 2016. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed
to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements
of the Company to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements of fraud. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or because the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This quarterly report does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC
rules adopted in conformity with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting    

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not currently a party to any pending
legal proceeding that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We may, however, be subject to various claims and legal actions arising from the ordinary course of business from time to time. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS  

We operate in a rapidly changing environment
that involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, some of which
are beyond our control. In addition to the other information set for the in this report, including the risk factors set forth below
in this Item 1A, the risks and uncertainties that we believe are most important for you to consider are discussed in Part I,  Item
1A, Risk Factors,  in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Other
than the factors set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors described in those reports. 

Melodious Investments Company Limited
and its affiliates (the  Melodious Group ) could sell or transfer a substantial number of shares of our common stock,
which could depress the price of our securities or result in a change of control of the Company.   

The Melodious Group currently owns 14,436,666
shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock potentially convertible into approximately 17.0 million shares of common
stock. The Melodious Group does not have any contractual restrictions on its ability to sell or transfers our common stock on the
open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, and these sales or transfers could create substantial declines in
the price of our securities or, if these sales or transfers were made to a single buyer or group of buyers, could contribute to
a transfer of control of the Company to a third party. Sales by the Melodious Group of a substantial number of shares, or the expectation
of such sales, could cause a significant reduction in the market price of our common stock. 

A significant portion of our future
sales was to be to a single customer; however, we have not yet made any sales to such potential customer and may terminate our
Supply Agreement with such customer if its breach is not cured.   

On July 13, 2015, in connection with the
closing of the transaction between the Company and SPI, we entered into a supply agreement with SPI (the  Supply Agreement )
pursuant to which SPI agreed to purchase and we agreed to provide SPI with Products and related Services (each as defined in the
Supply Agreement) that have an aggregated total of at least 40 megawatt of energy storage rated power output prior to the 48-month
anniversary of the date of the Supply Agreement. The Supply Agreement contemplates the sale of at least (i) 5 megawatts of Products
and Services within the first year, (ii) an additional 10 megawatts in the second year, (iii) an additional 10 megawatts in the
third year, and (iv) an additional 15 megawatts in the fourth year. While we are continually seeking to expand our customer base,
we had anticipated that orders under the Supply Agreement would comprise a significant portion of our sales through at least fiscal
2019. To date, however, SPI has not made any such purchases under the Supply Agreement. 

On October 24, 2016, due to the failure
of SPI to meet its purchase obligations under the Supply Agreement, we delivered to SPI a formal Notice of Default. In this Notice
of Default, we informed SPI that to cure its breach of the Supply Agreement by November 23, 2016 it will need to (1) purchase and
pay for Products (and related Services) (as such terms are defined in the supply agreement) from the Company with a minimum total
aggregated 5 MW of rated power, with discharge time of two or more hours and (2) order additional Products (and related Services)
from the Company with an additional minimum total aggregated 10 MW of rated power, with discharge time of two or more hours, including
paying a 50 percent deposit for those Products (and related Services). If SPI fails to meet these requirements, the Company intends
to terminate the supply agreement. 

We had planned on achieving a significant
amount of revenues under the Supply Agreement, and terminating the Supply Agreement will prevent us from doing so. In addition,
even if SPI begins to fulfill its purchase obligations under the Supply Agreement, our relationship with SPI would continue to
expose us to numerous other risks, including: (i) a slowdown or delay in SPI s deployment of our products could significantly
reduce demand for our products; (ii) current or future economic conditions could negatively affect SPI and cause them to significantly
reduce operations, or file for bankruptcy; and (iii) concentration of accounts receivable credit risk, which could have a material
adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition if SPI declared bankruptcy or delayed payments due under the Supply Agreement. 

SPI has significant influence over
key decision making of the Company, the Melodious Group may have the ability to significantly influence key decision making and
either or both SPI and/or the Melodious Group may ultimately acquire complete control of the Company.   

On July 13, 2015, in connection with the
closing of the transaction between the Company and SPI, we issued to SPI 8,000,000 shares of our common stock and preferred stock
and a warrant that, assuming full conversion and exercise, would result in the ownership by SPI of an additional 92,000,600 shares
of our common stock. SPI has since sold to the Melodious Group its 8,000,000 common shares, which represent approximately 17% of
the outstanding common stock of the Company, and preferred stock potentially convertible into approximately 17.0 million shares
of common stock. As a result, the Melodious Group may have the ability to exert influence over the outcome of matters submitted
to our shareholders for approval. Although SPI has sold to the Melodious Group its common stock and a portion of its shares of
preferred stock, SPI continues to own securities potentially convertible and exercisable into a significant number of shares of
our common stock. Additionally, the certificate of designations, preferences, rights and limitations of the Series C Preferred
Stock allow its holders to vote on an as-converted basis on amendments to the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.
Assuming the full conversion of the preferred stock and the full exercise of SPI s warrant (and that no other shares of common
stock are issued pursuant to the exercise or conversion of outstanding derivative securities or otherwise), SPI and the Melodious
Group would collectively own greater than a majority of our outstanding common stock and would have the ability to exert complete
control of the Company. As shareholders, SPI and the Melodious Group are entitled to vote their shares in their own interest, which
may not always be in the interest of our shareholders generally. 

Additionally, the Company is party to a
Governance Agreement with SPI (the  Governance Agreement ). Under the Governance Agreement, SPI is entitled to nominate
one director to our board of directors for so long as SPI holds at least 10,000 convertible preferred shares or 25 million shares
of common stock or common stock equivalents (the  Requisite Shares ). Even following SPI s sale of securities
to the Melodious Group, SPI continues to hold the Requisite Shares. Although in light of SPI s breach of the Supply Agreement
the conversion of the preferred stock may be less likely to occur, (1) following the time, if ever, at which the Series C-2 Preferred
Stock has become convertible in full, SPI will be entitled to nominate a total of two directors and (2) following the time, if
ever, at which the Series C-3 Preferred Stock has become convertible in full, SPI will be entitled to nominate a total of three
directors. The more representation that SPI has on our board of directors, the more it will be able to influence the direction
of the Company. 

The Governance Agreement also provides
that for so long as SPI holds the Requisite Shares, we will not take certain actions without the affirmative vote of SPI, including
the following: (a) change the number or manner of appointment of the directors on the board; (b) other than in the ordinary course
of conducting the Company s business, cause the incurrence, issuance, assumption, guarantee or refinancing of any debt if
the aggregate amount of such debt and all other outstanding debt of the Company exceeds $10 million; (c) cause the acquisition
of an interest in any entity or the acquisition of a substantial portion of the assets or business of any entity or any division
or line of business thereof or any other acquisition of material assets, in any such case where the consideration paid exceeds
$2 million, or cause the Company to engage in certain other Fundamental Transactions (as defined in the certificate of designation
of preferences, rights and limitations of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock); (d) cause the entering into by the Company
of any agreement, arrangement or transaction with an affiliate that calls for aggregate payments (other than payment of salary,
bonus or reimbursement of reasonable expenses) in excess of $120,000; (e) cause the commitment to capital expenditures in excess
of $7 million during any fiscal year; (f) cause the selection or replacement of our auditors; (g) enter into of any partnership,
consortium, joint venture or other similar enterprise involving the payment, contribution, or assignment by the Company or to the
Company of money or assets greater than $5 million; (h) amend or otherwise change our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent
organizational documents of the Company or any subsidiary in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of SPI;
or (i) grant, issue or sell any equity securities (with certain limited exceptions, including firm commitment underwritten public
offerings). These veto rights provide SPI with significant influence over the Company s operations and strategy. The Governance
Agreement does not expressly provide that termination of the Supply Agreement would terminate SPI s rights under the Governance
Agreement and such rights may continue following termination of the Supply Agreement. SPI may choose to exert its influence in
a manner that is not in the best interests of our general shareholders. 

Our business could be negatively
affected as a result of actions by activist shareholders  . 

Campaigns by shareholders to effect changes
at publicly traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short-term shareholder value through various corporate
actions such as proxy contests, financial or operational restructuring, or sales of assets or the entire company. We have recently
seen some investors increase their ownership positions in our common stock. In particular, the Melodious Group filed with the SEC
an amendment to its Schedule 13D reporting that such persons had accumulated a total of 14,436,666 shares of the Company s
common stock, which represents approximately 30% of the Company s total outstanding shares of common stock. In the Schedule
13D, the Melodious Group stated, among other things, that they intend to appoint several candidates to the Company s board
of directors. Further, SPI, which sold a portion of its holdings to the Melodious Group, continues to own securities potentially
convertible and exercisable into a significant number of shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that these shareholders 
interests will not conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. 

Actions by shareholder activists, including
proxy contests for director elections, could adversely affect our business because: 

responding to a proxy contest and other
actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management
and our employees;    

perceived uncertainties as to our future
direction caused by activist activities may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and may make it more difficult
to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners; and    

if individuals are elected to our board
of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively and timely implement our business strategy
and create shareholder value.    

We have implemented, and Wisconsin
law contains, anti-takeover provisions that may adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock.   

Our articles of incorporation and by-laws
contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging or making it more difficult for someone to acquire us through a tender
offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, even though such an acquisition might be economically beneficial to our shareholders. These
provisions include a board of directors divided into three classes of directors serving staggered terms of three years each, an
advance notice procedure for shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our shareholders, including proposed
nominations of persons for election to our board of directors, and requiring approval by three quarters of our outstanding common
stock to amend our articles of incorporation or by-laws. 

Additionally, we are subject to the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law, which contains several provisions that could have the effect of discouraging non-negotiated takeover
proposals or impeding a business combination. These provisions include: 

requiring
a supermajority vote of shareholders, in addition to any vote otherwise required, to approve business combinations with certain
 significant shareholders  not meeting adequacy of price standards;  

prohibiting
some business combinations between an  interested shareholder  and us for a period of three years, unless the combination
was approved by our board of directors prior to the time the shareholder became a 10% or greater beneficial owner of our shares
or under some other circumstances;  

limiting
actions that we can take while a takeover offer for us is being made or after a takeover offer has been publicly announced; and  

limiting
the voting power of certain shareholders who own more than 20% of our stock.  

These provisions may frustrate or prevent
any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for shareholders to replace
members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are
incorporated in Wisconsin, the Wisconsin control share acquisition statute and Wisconsin s  fair price  and  business
combination  provisions, in addition to other provisions of Wisconsin law, would apply and limit the ability of an acquiring
person to engage in certain transactions or to exercise the full voting power of acquired shares under certain circumstances. As
a result, offers to acquire us, which may represent a premium over the available market price of our common stock, may be withdrawn
or otherwise fail to be realized. 

Item 2.
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Not applicable. 

Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

On October 18, 2016, certain persons associated
with Melodious Investments Company Limited (the  Reporting Persons ) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
Amendment No. 3 to Schedule 13D reporting that such persons had accumulated a total of 14,436,666 shares of the Company s common stock, which represents
approximately 30% of the Company s total outstanding shares of common stock.  In the Schedule 13D the Reporting Persons stated, among other things,
that they intend to appoint several candidates to the Company s board of directors. 

Under the Wisconsin Business Corporation
Law (the  WBCL ) and the control share voting restrictions contained in Section 180.1150 therein, the voting power
of shares of certain publicly traded Wisconsin corporations, like the Company, held by any person or persons  acting as a
group for the purpose of acquiring or holding securities  (including shares issuable upon conversion of convertible securities
or upon exercise of options or warrants) in excess of 20% of the voting power in the election of directors is limited to 10% of
the full voting power of those shares. This voting restriction applies to shareholders of certain publicly traded Wisconsin corporations,
like the Company, unless such corporation has affirmatively provided otherwise in its articles of incorporation or another exemption
applies.  These control share voting restrictions are applicable to the Reporting Persons because the Company has not affirmatively
opted out of such restrictions in its articles of incorporation and no other exemption applies. As a result, even though as of
October 18, 2016 the Reporting Persons held approximately 30% of the Company s total outstanding shares of common stock,
if there were a matter put to the vote of shareholders as of such date, the Reporting Persons  shares would only represent
22.5% of the total votes that would decide such matter.  If the Reporting Persons were to acquire an additional 9.5 million
shares, they would hold approximately 50% of the Company s total outstanding shares of common stock, but such shares would
only represent approximately 30% of the total votes eligible to be cast by the Company s shareholders.  The full voting
rights of the shares held by the Reporting Persons can, however, be restored by a majority vote of the Company s board of
directors or a majority vote of the Company s shareholders at a meeting called specifically for that purpose. 

In addition, under the WBCL and the
business combination restrictions contained in Sections 180.1140 to 180.1144 therein, certain Wisconsin corporations, like the
Company, may not complete a business combination (generally defined as certain mergers or share exchanges, sales of assets, issuances
of stock or rights to purchase stock and other related party transactions merger or share exchange) with a person who is the beneficial
owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock (an  interested stockholder )
within three years following the date of the share acquisition that caused the person to become an interested stockholder, unless
the corporation s board of directors approved such share acquisition before it took place. Because the Company s board
of directors did not approve the Reporting Persons  acquisition of shares of the Company s common stock, these restrictions
would apply to any potential business combination involving the Reporting Persons.  

Item 6. EXHIBITS  

The exhibits required to be filed as a
part of this report are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section
13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned on November 10, 2016 thereunto duly authorized. 

ENSYNC, INC.  

By:  
     /s/ Bradley L. Hansen 

Name: 
Title: 
     Bradley L. Hansen Chief Executive Officer and President and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By: 
     /s/ Frederick P. Vaske 

Name: Title: 
     Frederick P. Vaske  Chief Administrative Officer  

(Principal Administrative Officer)  

By: 
     /s/ Dilek Wagner 

Name: Title: 
     Dilek Wagner Vice President of Finance  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description   
       
       Incorporated by Reference to    

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of EnSync, Inc., as amended  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2015   

3.2  
       
      Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of EnSync, Inc.  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 16, 2016   

3.3  
       
      Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Stock  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2013   

3.4  
       
      Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2015   

3.5  
       
      Amended and Restated By-laws of EnSync, Inc. (as of November 4, 2009)  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2015   

4.1  
       
      Form of Stock Certificate  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2015   

4.2  
       
      Form of Underwriter Warrant  
       
      Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 10, 2012   

4.2  
       
      Form of Warrant  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2012   

4.4  
       
      Form of Warrant  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2013   

4.5  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to Solar Power, Inc.  
       
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2015   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101  
       
      Interactive Data Files  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451617_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Bradley L. Hansen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EnSync, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and to the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

/s/ Bradley L. Hansen  

 Bradley L. Hansen 

  (Principal Executive Officer)  

 November 10, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451617_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Frederick P. Vaske, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EnSync, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and to the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

/s/ Frederick P. Vaske  

 Frederick P. Vaske 

  (Principal Administrative Officer)  

 November 10, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451617_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report
of EnSync, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Bradley L. Hansen, Principal Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Bradley L. Hansen   

 Bradley L. Hansen 

  (Principal Executive Officer)  

 November 10, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.,   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before
or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451617_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report
of EnSync, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Frederick P. Vaske, Principal Administrative Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Frederick P. Vaske   

 Frederick P. Vaske 

  (Principal Administrative Officer)  

 November 10, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.,   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before
or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 esnc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 esnc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 esnc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 esnc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 esnc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 esnc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

