<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_908259_0001193125-16-766839_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1550921</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62307</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>107164</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>260105</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>640825</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>407211</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>13</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-766839.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114063544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-766839
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MATEON THERAPEUTICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000908259
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				133679168
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21990
		FILM NUMBER:		161990290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 GATEWAY BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-635-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 GATEWAY BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OXIGENE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-766839.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d96486d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                         to
                           
  Commission File Number: 0-21990        
       Mateon
Therapeutics, Inc.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  13-3679168   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    701 Gateway Blvd, Suite 210   
  South San Francisco, CA 94080   
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   
  (650) 635-7000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  Not applicable      (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of November 10, 2016, there were 26,544,934 shares of
the Registrant s Common Stock issued and outstanding.          

Table of Contents  

   Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.   
  Cautionary Factors that May Affect Future Results   
 This report contains  forward-looking statements,  which give management s current expectations or forecasts of future events.
You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historic or current facts. They use words, such as  may,   will,   should,   would,   expect,   plan, 
 anticipate,   could,   intend,   target,   project,   contemplate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   seek, 
 indicate,  or  continue  or the negative of these terms and other words and terms of similar meaning.  
     Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by
inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual results may vary materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, such as our estimates regarding anticipated operating losses, future
performance, future revenues and projected expenses; our liquidity and our expectations regarding our needs for and ability to raise additional capital; our ability to select and capitalize on commercially desirable product opportunities as a result
of limited financial resources; our ability to manage our expenses effectively and raise the funds needed to continue our business; our ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market; our ability to retain the
services of our current executive officers, directors and principal consultants; the competitive nature of our industry and the possibility that our product candidates may become obsolete; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of
our product candidates and any future products we may develop; the clinical development of and the process of commercializing CA4P (combretastatin A4 phosphate or fosbretabulin) and OXi4503, the initiation, timing, progress and results of our
preclinical and clinical trials, research and development programs; regulatory and legislative developments in the United States and foreign countries; the timing, costs and other limitations involved in obtaining regulatory approval for any product
candidate; the further preclinical or clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates; our ability to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for some of our product candidates; the potential benefits of our product candidates over other
therapies; our ability to enter into any collaboration with respect to product candidates; the performance of third parties; our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates and any future products we
may develop and operate our business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others; the potential liability exposure related to our product candidates and any future products we may develop and our insurance coverage for such
exposure; the size and growth of the potential markets for our products and our ability to serve those markets; the rate and degree of market acceptance of any future products; the sufficiency of potential proceeds from any financing; the volatility
of the price of our common stock; the dilutive effects of potential future equity issuances; our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls; the payment and reimbursement methods used by private or governmental third-party payers,
and other factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 25, 2016 or any document incorporated by reference herein or therein.  
     We will not update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
unless required by law. You are advised to consult any further disclosures we make in our reports to the SEC, including our reports on Form 10-Q, 8-K and 10-K. Our filings list various important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from expected results. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you
should not consider any such list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

     INDEX   

Page No.  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

4 

Condensed Balance Sheets   

4 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss   

5 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   

6 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   

7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

10 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

14 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

14 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

15 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

15 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

15 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

15 

Item 5. Other Information    

15 

Item 6. Exhibits    

16 

SIGNATURES     

17 

3  

Table of Contents  

   PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
  Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.   
    Condensed Balance Sheets   
  (in thousands, except per share data)       
   See accompanying notes .  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.   
    Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes .  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.   
    Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
  (in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes .  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.   
    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies        Description of Business   
 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. ( Mateon  or the  Company ) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company seeking to realize the
full potential of vascular targeted therapy in oncology. Vascular targeted therapy includes vascular disrupting agents (VDAs), such as the investigational drugs that Mateon is developing, and anti-angiogenic agents (AAs), a number of which are
approved and widely used in oncology indications. Mateon s VDAs selectively obstruct a tumor s blood supply without obstructing the blood supply to normal tissues, and treatment with Mateon s VDAs has been shown to lead to significant
central tumor necrosis. The Company believes that the treatment of cancer would be significantly improved if VDAs and AAs were used together, due to their complementary mechanisms of action. In combination, the VDA would occlude the blood vessels in
the interior of a tumor while the AA would prevent the formation of new tumor blood vessels. The Company has two VDA drug candidates currently being tested in clinical trials, CA4P (combretastatin A4 phosphate, or fosbretabulin) and OXi4503. The
Company was originally incorporated under the name OXiGENE, Inc. in 1988 in the state of New York and reincorporated in 1992 in the state of Delaware. Effective June 17, 2016, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to change its name
to Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. and, in connection with the name change, on June 20, 2016, the trading symbol for the Company s common stock changed from  OXGN  to  MATN .  
  Basis of Presentation     The accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The
financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, however, all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim
period or for the year ending December 31, 2016.    The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial
statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the financial statements and footnotes
thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     Cash Equivalents   
 Highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash
equivalents are stated at fair value.     Short-term Investments   
 All marketable securities have been classified as  available for sale  and are carried at fair value, based upon quoted market
prices. The Company considers its available-for-sale portfolio to be available for use in current operations. Accordingly, the Company classifies certain investments as short-term marketable securities, even though the stated maturity date may be
one year or more beyond the current balance sheet date. Unrealized gains and losses, net of any related tax effects, are excluded from earnings and are included in other comprehensive income and reported as a separate component of stockholders 
deficit until realized. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other than temporary, if any, on available-for-sale securities are included in other income (expense), net. The cost of securities sold is based on the
specific-identification method.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
     In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ), issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and expands footnote
disclosures related to going concern matters. This ASU will be effective for the Company s 2016 year-end financial statements and management plans to include ASU No. 2014-15 disclosures to the extent that they are applicable.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-2,  Leases.  This ASU requires substantially all leases, including operating leases,
to be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability. This ASU is effective for the Company s interim and annual reporting periods beginning January 1, 2019 and early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this ASU will have on its financial statements. 
      7  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting,  which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments, including immediate recognition of all excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement, changing the threshold to qualify for equity
classification up to the employees  maximum statutory tax rates, allowing an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur, and clarifying the
classification on the statement of cash flows for the excess tax benefit and employee taxes paid when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes. This ASU is effective for the Company s interim and annual reporting periods
beginning January 1, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this ASU will have on its financial statements.      

2.  
  Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Short-Term Investments       Cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments consisted of the following (in thousands):      
   As of September 30, 2016, the Company s cash equivalents and short-term investments had a
weighted-average time to maturity of less than one year, and the Company has the ability to hold its investments through their maturity dates. There have been no significant realized gains or losses on investments for the period presented. 

3.  
  Fair Value Measurements       Fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be
exchanged or a liability transferred in a transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or
derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or parameters are not available, valuation models are applied.    Assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Hierarchical levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair
valuation of these assets and liabilities, are as follows:    Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets at the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide reasonably accurate pricing information on an ongoing basis.  
 Level 2 Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or
liability through correlation with market data at the reporting date and for the duration of the instrument s anticipated life.    The
Company utilizes third party pricing services in developing fair value measurements where fair value is based on observable market inputs, including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, bids, offers and other reference data. The
Company uses quotes from external pricing service providers and other on-line quotation systems to verify the fair value of investments provided by third party pricing service providers.  
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the reporting date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent
in the inputs to the model.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  Financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis are categorized in the tables below
based upon the lowest level of significant input to the valuations (in thousands):      

4.  
  Stockholders  Equity       The following is a summary of the Company s outstanding common stock
warrants:      
   The following is a summary of the Company s stock option activity under its equity incentive plans:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1.3 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to
stock option awards that is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period of approximately 2.7 years.    The fair
values for the stock options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions for the periods indicated:  
      9  

Table of Contents  

5.  
  Net Loss Per Share       Basic and diluted net loss per share was calculated by dividing the
net loss per share attributed to the Company s common shares by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share includes the effect of all dilutive, potentially issuable common equivalent
shares as defined using the treasury stock method. All of the Company s common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive due to the Company s net loss position for all periods presented. Accordingly, common stock equivalents of approximately
4,049,000 stock options and 9,842,000 warrants at September 30, 2016 and 2,192,000 stock options and 9,842,000 warrants at September 30, 2015, were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares for diluted net loss per share.  
    Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 The following discussion and analysis should be read together with the audited financial statements and notes, as well as our
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  that are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and also with the unaudited financial statements set
forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     Overview   
 We are a biopharmaceutical company seeking to realize the full potential of vascular targeted therapy in oncology. Vascular targeted therapy
includes vascular disrupting agents, or VDAs, such as the investigational drugs that we are developing, and anti-angiogenic agents, or AAs, a number of which are approved and widely used in oncology indications. Our VDAs selectively obstruct a
tumor s blood supply without obstructing the blood supply to normal tissues, and treatment with our VDAs has been shown to lead to significant central tumor necrosis. We believe that the treatment of certain types of cancer would be
significantly improved if VDAs and AAs were used together, due to their complementary mechanisms of action. In combination, the VDA would occlude the blood vessels in the interior of a tumor while the AA would prevent the formation of new tumor
blood vessels. We have two VDA drug candidates currently being tested in clinical trials, CA4P (combretastatin A4 phosphate, or fosbretabulin) and OXi4503.  
  Recent Developments     On June 17, 2016, we
changed our name from OXiGENE, Inc. to Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. OXiGENE was named for our original founding technology of oxygen-mediated radiosensitizers. The new company name is derived from our location in San Mateo County, the birthplace of
biotechnology.    On June 20, 2016, we announced new analyses from the GOG-0186I Study in recurrent ovarian cancer. This study compared the
combination of CA4P and bevacizumab (CA4P-treated patients) to bevacizumab (control patients). Key new analyses, with an updated dataset as of November 2015, included median overall survival (OS), in the intent-to-treat (ITT) population of 3.2
months longer for the CA4P-treated patients compared to the control patients (25.2 vs. 22.0 months, respectively; HR=0.83, not statistically significant). The GOG-0186I Study included 81 patients (75.7% of study patients) with recurrent ovarian
cancer that was deemed  measurable , a pre-specified covariate defined by RECIST criteria, and 26 patients (24.3%) with tumors deemed  non-measurable.  Measurable disease is generally defined as primary tumor sizes greater than 1
cm in diameter, while non-measurable tumors are generally identified and monitored by increased serum CA-125 antigen levels, ascites, or other clinical signs of disease. Patients with measurable disease treated with CA4P had a 5.6 month improvement
in median OS (26.8 vs. 21.2 months; 22% reduction in the risk of death; HR=0.78, not statistically significant), and a 3.7 month improvement in progression free survival, or PFS (9.8 vs. 6.1 months; HR=0.60, p=0.027), compared to control patients
with measurable disease.      CA4P    
 Our lead investigational drug, CA4P, is a reversible tubulin binding agent that selectively targets endothelial cells that make up the blood
vessel walls in most solid cancer tumors, causing the endothelial cells to swell and thus obstruct the flow of blood to the tumor, which starves the tumor of vital nutrients including oxygen. This deprivation, also known as tumor hypoxia, results in
rapid downstream tumor cell death.    Our primary focus for 2016 is the development of CA4P for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
Approximately 22,000 women in the U.S. are diagnosed with ovarian cancer each year. More than 60% of women diagnosed with ovarian cancer are in stage III or IV at the time of their diagnosis, making ovarian cancer difficult to treat and often fatal,
with a five-year survival rate of approximately 45%   a rate which is largely unchanged since the 1990s. Overall, approximately 80% of patients diagnosed with ovarian cancer will relapse after first-line platinum-based and taxane-based
chemotherapy. One quarter of those who relapse after initial treatment, or more than 4,300 women, will have platinum-resistant cancer, the most difficult-to-treat form of the disease. Additionally, a majority of patients who are not initially
platinum-resistant and who may achieve a full remission following first-line therapy will also develop recurrent disease. There are relatively few cancer therapies that have been approved for the treatment of ovarian cancer, including
platinum-resistant ovarian cancer, and new treatments are needed. We have been granted orphan drug designation in both the U.S. and the European Union for the use of CA4P in the treatment of ovarian cancer and have received Fast Track designation in
the U.S. for use in the treatment of platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

   CA4P in Combination with Bevacizumab   Completed Phase 2 Clinical Trial with Positive
Results     Genentech s bevacizumab (Avastin   ) is an anti-vascular
endothelial growth factor, or VEGF, monoclonal antibody which has been approved for the treatment of ovarian cancer in the United States and elsewhere. The approval of bevacizumab in the United States in combination with chemotherapy (paclitaxel,
pegylated liposomal doxorubicin, or topotecan) for the treatment of women with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer was based in part upon results from the phase 3 AURELIA trial, which had a primary endpoint of PFS. Bevacizumab is also currently
approved in the EU in combination with different chemotherapy regimens for platinum-resistant and platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer. These EU approvals were also based primarily upon PFS.  
 The GOG-0186I clinical trial was conducted by Gynecologic Oncology Group (GOG), part of NRG Oncology, under the sponsorship of the Cancer
Therapy Evaluation Program (CTEP) of the National Cancer Institute (NCI), and was a randomized,  two-arm  phase 2 clinical trial evaluating CA4P plus bevacizumab compared to bevacizumab alone in patients with
recurrent ovarian cancer.    The GOG-0186I clinical trial enrolled a total of 107 patients with both platinum-sensitive and
platinum-resistant recurrent ovarian cancer at 67 clinical sites in the United States. The results indicated a statistically significant increase in progression-free survival (PFS) in the combination arm, which was the primary endpoint of the trial,
with a p-value of 0.049 (pre-specified analysis using a one-sided test; 10% level of significance). The hazard ratio was 0.685, with a 90% 2-sided confidence interval (CI) of 0.47 ~1.00. Median PFS was 7.3 months for CA4P plus bevacizumab
(n=54), compared to 4.8 months for bevacizumab alone (n= 53). Patients in both arms were treated until disease progression or adverse effects prohibited further therapy.  
 In a post-hoc subgroup analysis, data showed that patients who were platinum-resistant had an even greater improvement in PFS with the
combination. Among the 27 patients who were platinum-resistant, median PFS was 6.7 months for those receiving CA4P plus bevacizumab compared to 3.4 months for those receiving bevacizumab alone, and the results were statistically significant with a
p-value of 0.01 and a hazard ratio of 0.57. These findings suggest that adding CA4P to bevacizumab has a greater effect in the difficult-to-treat platinum-resistant patient group than it does for platinum-sensitive patients. Although the results
were stronger for the platinum-resistant patients, a post-hoc subgroup analysis among the 80 patients who were platinum-sensitive still showed a numerical improvement in PFS for the combination therapy, with a median PFS of 7.6 months for those
receiving CA4P plus bevacizumab compared to 6.1 months for those receiving bevacizumab alone, although the results were not statistically significant, with a p-value of 0.139 and a hazard ratio of 0.67.  
 In the clinical trial, patients with measurable disease who received the combination of CA4P and bevacizumab also achieved a higher objective
response rate, or ORR, a secondary endpoint in the clinical trial, measured according to RECIST criteria. Although not a statistically significant result, patients receiving the combination had an ORR of 35.7% (n=42; CI 90% 23.5 ~ 49.5%) compared to
28.2% for patients on bevacizumab alone (n=39; CI 90% 16.7 ~ 42.3%). In the subgroup of platinum-resistant patients, the addition of CA4P to bevacizumab increased ORR to 40.0% (n=10) compared to 12.5% (n=8) for bevacizumab alone.  
 All adverse events in the clinical trial were manageable, with one Grade 4 event occurring in each treatment arm. Consistent with prior
clinical experience with CA4P, patients in the combination arm experienced an increased incidence of Grade 3 hypertension compared to the control arm (18 cases for the combination compared to 10 cases for bevacizumab alone). One patient on the
combination regimen had a Grade 3 thromboembolic event. All cases of hypertension were managed with anti-hypertensive treatments, as specified in the clinical trial protocol.  
 Follow-up data on OS was collected by the GOG through November 2015. Among all patients enrolled in the study
  (Intent-to-Treat   group, or ITT), the median overall survival was 3.2 months longer for the CA4P and bevacizumab treated group than for the bevacizumab only treated group
(25.2 months vs. 22.0 months, respectively; HR=0.83, not statistically significant).    The GOG-0186I clinical trial included 81 patients
(75.7% of study patients) with recurrent ovarian cancer that was deemed  measurable , a pre-specified covariate defined by RECIST criteria, and 26 patients (24.3%) deemed  non-measurable.  Measurable disease is generally defined
as primary tumor sizes greater than 1 cm in diameter, while non-measurable tumors are generally identified and monitored by increased serum CA-125 antigen levels, ascites, or other clinical signs of disease.  
 Patients with measurable disease treated with CA4P had a 5.6 month improvement in median OS (26.8 vs. 21.2 months; 22% reduction in the risk
of death; HR=0.78, not statistically significant), and a 3.7 month improvement in PFS (9.8 vs. 6.1 months; HR=0.60, p=0.027) compared to control patients with measurable disease.  
 Additional analyses were conducted on patients with measurable disease whose tumors were larger than the median baseline tumor size (tumor
size    5.7 cm; n=41). CA4P-treated patients with these tumor sizes experienced a 48% reduction in the risk of death (HR=0.52; p=0.095) and a 6.2 month improvement in median PFS (10.5 vs. 4.3 months; HR=0.55, p=0.071) compared to control
patients.     CA4P in Combination with Bevacizumab and Physician s Choice Chemotherapy   Current Phase 2/3 Clinical Trial
    Based on the positive overall results from the GOG-0186I clinical trial in recurrent ovarian cancer and also the statistically
significant results among the subgroup of platinum-resistant patients, we have initiated the FOCUS Study, a phase 2/3 clinical trial of CA4P seeking to demonstrate whether CA4P improves the current standard of care for platinum-resistant ovarian
cancer. The current standard of care for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer is treatment with bevacizumab and chemotherapy. The clinical trial is designed with two stages   in the first stage we plan to enroll up to 80 patients and conduct
regular interim analyses in order to verify efficacy and confirm powering assumptions for the second stage. In the second stage, we plan to enroll up to 356 additional patients and do not plan to conduct any interim analyses. The primary endpoint of
our phase 2/3 clinical trial will be PFS, and we will also evaluate objective response rate, OS and other parameters. If results from the second stage of the clinical study meet the primary endpoint, we intend to submit a New Drug Application, or
NDA, to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. We began enrolling patients into this clinical trial in June 2016.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   CA4P in Combination with Pazopanib   Current Phase 2 Clinical Trial   
 Pazopanib is an anti-angiogenic oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is currently approved by the FDA for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma
(RCC) and soft tissue sarcoma (STS). Pazopanib is also approved for ovarian and other cancers in the European Union, and was initially developed by GlaxoSmithKline, then sold to Novartis in 2015. We believe that using CA4P in combination with
pazopanib may provide a clinically active yet potentially better tolerated alternative to the current standard of care, cytotoxic chemotherapy, for relapsed ovarian cancer.  
 In October 2014, the first patient was enrolled in a phase 1b/2 trial of pazopanib with and without CA4P in advanced recurrent ovarian cancer.
We will incur limited costs for this trial, which is sponsored by The Christie Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and coordinated by the Manchester Academic Health Science Centre, Trials Coordination Unit, or MAHSC-CTU, with additional support from The
University of Manchester, the Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust and Mount Vernon Cancer Centre (part of the East and North Hertfordshire NHS Trust).  
 The trial design consists of a phase 1b dose escalation portion with the combination of pazopanib and CA4P, which has been completed, and then
a randomized phase 2 portion comparing pazopanib alone versus pazopanib plus CA4P in patients with relapsed ovarian cancer. The clinical trial is expected to enroll approximately 128 patients at sites in the U.K. The primary endpoint of the trial is
PFS, and secondary endpoints include safety, OS, objective response rate, and CA125 response rate. The phase 2 portion began enrolling patients in July 2016.  
   OXi4503 Development Program      In
addition to pursuing development of CA4P, we are also pursuing the development of a second product candidate, OXi4503, a novel, dual-mechanism VDA, which has not only been shown to reduce tumor blood flow but which also forms a potentially
anti-proliferative metabolite. We believe that this dual mechanism of OXi4503 may result in enhanced anti-tumor activity in certain tumor types. Based on preclinical data, we believe that OXi4503 may be particularly active in hepatocellular
carcinoma, melanoma, and leukemias of the myeloid lineage, all of which have relatively high levels of the enzymes that facilitate the conversion of OXi4503 into a metabolite that directly kills tumor cells. Similar to CA4P, OXi4503 has shown potent
anti-tumor activity in preclinical studies of solid tumors and acute myelogenous leukemia, or AML, and in two clinical studies in advanced solid tumors and liver tumors, both as a single agent and in combination with other anti-proliferative agents.
   AML is a relatively rare cancer of the myeloid blood cells, with approximately 10,500 new cases each year in the United States,
accounting for approximately 1.2% of cancer deaths. AML is characterized by the rapid growth of abnormal white blood cells that pollute bone marrow and interfere with the production of normal blood cells. We are currently developing OXi4503 for AML
and have been granted orphan drug designation in the United States and European Union for the use of OXi4503 for the treatment of AML.  
 Prior to October 2015, OXi4503 had been in development in an investigator-sponsored phase 1 clinical trial of patients with AML or MDS, a
disorder of the normal blood formation process. In October 2015, the investigator-sponsored clinical trial was closed, and we brought the clinical trial under our direct management and expanded the number of sites to four, with the goal of enrolling
patients faster than had occurred at the single site. In December 2015, we moved this clinical trial into its second stage, whereby OXi4503 is being used in combination with cytarabine, an FDA-approved drug for the treatment of AML  
  Results of Operations      Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015        Research and development expenses     
 Research and development expenses decreased for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily
due to lower consulting and employee costs. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, research and development costs increased primarily due to our initiation of the FOCUS Study, a phase 2/3 clinical trial evaluating whether our lead drug
candidate, CA4P, improves upon the standard of care for women with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. The table below summarizes the most significant components of our research and development expenses for the periods indicated, in thousands, and
provides the amount and percentage change in these components:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

  Expenses for clinical studies represent the most significant component of our research and
development expenses. For the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, expenditures on clinical studies of our investigational drugs increased compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to our
preparation for and initiation of the FOCUS Study in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer in 2016. For the three month period, our increased costs for the FOCUS Study were mostly offset by a reduction in costs for the neuroendocrine tumor (NETs) study,
for which patient treatment completed during the second quarter of 2016. The Company also received a vendor credit of $0.2 million recorded in the third quarter of 2016 based on newly renegotiated terms of a service agreement. Clinical study
expenses include costs incurred by contract research organizations who conduct clinical trials on our behalf, patient and clinical site costs, laboratory costs and other services directly related to clinical trials. The increased clinical trial
activity during 2016 was also related to our increase in employee compensation for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, because during the second half of 2015 we hired new personnel to support the clinical programs. Following our hiring
of new personnel to support the clinical trial activity, we eliminated the positions of certain previous research and development personnel, resulting in lower employee compensation expenses for the three month period ended September 30, 2016
compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2015. The changes in personnel also allowed us to reduce reliance on outside consultants, and these costs decreased for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same periods in 2015.   Drug manufacturing expenses can be highly variable and are impacted by the timing of when drug product is needed
for clinical trials, product expiration or re-test requirements, potential regulatory filings and scheduling of production batches based on the drug manufacturer s generally long lead time requirements. Drug manufacturing expenses did not
meaningfully change among the periods presented.   Other expenses include facility related expenses and licensing fees, which decreased for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to lower licensing fees paid for rights to our drug product candidates.  
 We expect research and development expenses to increase for the balance of 2016 as compared to 2015 due to our planned additional clinical
trial activity, primarily related to the FOCUS Study.      General and administrative expenses     
 The table below summarizes the most significant components of our general and administrative expenses for the periods indicated, in thousands,
and provides the amount and percentage changes in these components:      
   General and administrative expenses increased for the periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the periods
ended September 30, 2015. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, stock-based compensation increased as a result of higher option expenses for grants made during mid-2015 and early 2016, while base compensation and consulting and
professional services were fairly consistent between the periods. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, employee compensation and related costs increased as a result of several positions converting from part time to full time for the
full 2016 period, as compared to only part of the 2015 period, as well as higher temporary housing costs associated with an employee relocation, partially offset by severance recorded in 2015 due to the departure of a former employee. Stock-based
compensation expense also increased for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 due to stock option grants made following stockholder approval of a new stock option plan in mid-2015. Consulting and professional services were similar for the
nine month periods.    Other expenses, which include facility-related expenses and insurance expenses, decreased for the three and nine
month periods ended September 30, 2016 due to lower fees paid in several different areas, the most significant of which was for lower corporate insurance costs. 
 We expect general and administrative expenses for 2016 to continue at increased levels compared to 2015 in order to support our planned
increase in research and development activities as well as for additional business development and investor relations efforts.     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES     Our business is developing drugs for the treatment of cancer and we currently have no sources of revenue. We measure
liquidity by the cash and other capital we have available to fund our operations, which are primarily focused on the advancement of our VDAs. To date, we have financed our operations principally through proceeds received from the sale of equity and
at one point through a strategic development arrangement which concluded in 2009. We have experienced net losses in each year since our inception, and negative cash flow from operations in nearly every year also. As of September 30, 2016, we had an
accumulated deficit of $275 million, including a net loss of approximately $10.2 million for the first nine months of 2016 and approximately $13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments of approximately $16.3 million, which we expect to be sufficient to fund our planned operations, including continued development of our investigational drugs CA4P and OXi4503, into the third quarter of 2017. We expect to
continue to incur expenses, resulting in losses and negative cash flows from operations, over at least the next several years as we develop our candidate drugs for the treatment of cancer.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  We expect to incur significant additional costs over at least the next several years as a result
of our plans to develop VDAs for the treatment of cancer, including continuing our existing clinical trials as well as conducting new, additional clinical trials and anticipated research and development expenditures.  
 We will require additional capital before we can complete all planned clinical trials and development of CA4P and OXi4503. Additional funding
may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to access additional funds when needed, we may not be able to continue the development of our product candidates or we could be required to delay, scale back or eliminate
some or all of our development programs and operations. Any additional equity financing, if available, may not be available on favorable terms, would most likely be dilutive to our current stockholders and debt financing, if available, may involve
restrictive covenants. If we are able to access funds through collaborative or licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize
on our own, on terms that are not favorable to us.    We have filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, covering the
sale from time to time of shares of our common stock and other securities, which may provide us the opportunity to raise funds when we consider it necessary or appropriate, at prices and on terms to be determined at the time of any such offering.
However, pursuant to the instructions to Form S-3, we only have the ability to sell shares under the shelf registration statement, during any 12-month period, in an amount less than or equal to one-third of the aggregate market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates. Our ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if not achieved on a timely basis, will materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to raise additional
capital could also be further impaired if our common stock is delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market and trades on the over-the-counter market.  
 We currently do not comply with the NASDAQ requirement to have a minimum $1.00 per share closing bid price. At our annual meeting held on June
1, 2016, our stockholders did not approve a proposal authorizing a reverse split of our common stock. This reverse split could have rectified our noncompliance with the NASDAQ bid-price requirement. We currently have a different reverse split
proposal scheduled for stockholder vote on November 11, 2016. If this proposal is not approved and our common stock is delisted by NASDAQ, and accordingly no longer trades on a national stock exchange, both the price of our common stock and our
ability to raise additional capital are likely to be significantly and negatively impacted. NASDAQ has provided us with a grace period through November 28, 2016 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates   
 There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 There have been no changes to our market risks from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
    Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 The SEC requires that as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act, and report on the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of September 30, 2016 to
ensure that we record, process, summarize and report the information we must disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, identified in
connection with the evaluation of such control that occurred during the last fiscal quarter, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
   Important Considerations    
 The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent
limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. Because of
these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a
timely manner to the appropriate levels of management.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 Not applicable.  
    Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 Except as set forth below, there have been no other material changes to the risk factors as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015.      We currently do not meet the continued listing standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market, which require a minimum
closing bid price of $1.00 per share, and on June 1, 2016, our stockholders did not approve a reverse stock split which could have enabled us to regain compliance with these continued listing standards. Our failure to meet NASDAQ s continued
listing standards could result in the delisting of our common stock, negatively impact the price of our common stock and negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital.    
 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market. NASDAQ provides various continued listing requirements that a company must meet in
order for its stock to continue trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market. Among these requirements is the requirement that the Company s stock trades at a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share. Our stock has recently and consistently traded
below $1.00 per share, including closing bid prices below $1.00 per share. On December 1, 2015, we received a deficiency letter from The NASDAQ Stock Market which provided us a grace period of 180 calendar days, or until May 31, 2016, to
regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, which would require a closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. We did not meet the minimum bid requirement prior to the expiration of the
grace period on May 31, 2016.    At our annual stockholders  meeting held on June 1, 2016, our stockholders failed to approve a
proposal authorizing our Board of Directors to consummate a reverse stock split of our common stock in the range of 1:5 and 1:10. On June 1, 2016, we received notice that NASDAQ granted us an additional 180-day grace period (until November 28, 2016)
to regain compliance with NASDAQ s $1.00 per share minimum bid price requirement under Nasdaq Marketplace Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). We may achieve compliance during this additional 180-day period if the closing bid price of our common stock
is at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days before November 28, 2016. We are currently seeking stockholder approval for a different reverse stock split proposal, which provides for a reverse split in the range of 1:2 to
1:4, with voting results scheduled for November 11, 2016. We can provide no assurance that our stockholders will approve this proposal. If we fail to regain compliance on or prior to November 28, 2016, our stock will be subject to delisting by
NASDAQ. Additionally, if we fail to comply with any other continued listing standards of NASDAQ, our common stock will also be subject to delisting. If that were to occur, our common stock would be subject to rules that impose additional sales
practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock. This would significantly
negatively affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and would significantly negatively affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for
our common stock.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 None.       Item 3.
Defaults Upon Senior Securities     None.  
    Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
 None.       Item 5.
Other Information     None.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits   

* 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  
 (Registrant)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/  William D. Schwieterman         

William D. Schwieterman   

Chief Executive Officer    (Principal
Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/  Matthew M. Loar     

Matthew M. Loar   

Chief Financial Officer    (Principal
Financial Officer)   
     
      17  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d96486dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification Under Section 302     I,
William D. Schwieterman, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/  William D. Schwieterman         

William D. Schwieterman   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d96486dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification Under Section 302     I,
Matthew M. Loar, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/  Matthew M. Loar     

Matthew M. Loar   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d96486dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  Certification      Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002      (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, United States Code)     Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:  
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/  William D. Schwieterman         

William D. Schwieterman   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/  Matthew M. Loar     

Matthew M. Loar   

Chief Financial Officer   
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 matn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 matn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 matn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 matn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 matn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 matn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

