<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-Q_edgar_data_1555877_0001372167-16-000272_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>615259</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>27894</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>49991</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>149010</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>171201</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>190844</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>5</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001372167-16-000272.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161213215745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001372167-16-000272
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Boomer Ventures Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001555877
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-183938
		FILM NUMBER:		162050216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POSADA DEL REY VIA ITALIA PUNTA PAITILLA
		CITY:			PANAMA CITY
		STATE:			R1
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-507-6500-2750

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POSADA DEL REY VIA ITALIA PUNTA PAITILLA
		CITY:			PANAMA CITY
		STATE:			R1
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001372167-16-000272.txt : 20161214

10-Q
 1
 boomer10qoct2016.htm

U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark One) 

X  QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________________  to
_____________________ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

BOOMER
VENTURES INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Commission file number: 333-183938   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Nevada   
       N/A    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      I.R.S. Employer Identification Number   

Posada Del Rey, Via Italia, Punta Paitilla,
Ciudad de Panama, Republica de Panama  

 (Address of principal
executive offices) 

507-6500-2750  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A  
(Former name, former address and formal fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [ x ]   No  [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post files). 

 Yes [ x ]   No  [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). 

Large accelerated filer  [   ] 
Accelerated filer  [   ] 

 Non-accelerated filer  [   ] 
Smaller reporting company [ x ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes [ ]   No  [  x ] 

As of October 31, 2016, there were 1,500,000 shares of the
registrant s Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

BOOMER
VENTURES INC.   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( UNAUDITED )   

Boomer Ventures Inc.  

   (A Development
Stage Company)   
  Notes to the Financial Statements   
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2016  

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation and
Organization   

Boomer Ventures Inc. (the
 Company ) is in the development stage, and has limited operations. The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada on July 6, 2012. The business plan of the Company is to develop a search engine website. The accompanying financial
statements of the Company were prepared from the accounts of the Company under the accrual basis of accounting.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

For purposes of reporting
within the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all cash on hand, cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions
or penalties, and all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.  

Revenue Recognition   

The Company is in the development
stage and has yet to realize revenues from operations. Once the Company has commenced operations, it will recognize revenues when
delivery of goods or completion of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement, acceptance has
been approved by its customers, the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions, and collection
of any related receivable is probable.  

Loss per Common Share   

Basic loss per share is computed
by dividing the net loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Fully diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There were no dilutive financial instruments issued or outstanding for the period
ended October 31, 2016.  

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income
taxes pursuant to FASB ASC 740. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the bases
of certain assets and liabilities for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are
classified according to the financial statement classification of the assets and liabilities generating the differences.  

The Company maintains a valuation
allowance with respect to deferred tax assets. The Company establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood
of realizing the deferred tax asset and taking into consideration the Company s financial position and results of operations
for the current period. Future realization of the deferred tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within
the carry-forward period under the Federal tax laws.  

Changes in circumstances,
such as the Company generating taxable income, could cause a change in judgment about the realization of the related deferred tax
asset. Any change in the valuation allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate.  

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments   

The Company estimates the
fair value of financial instruments using the available market information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is required
in estimating fair value. Accordingly, the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize
in a current market exchange. As of October 31, 2016, the carrying value of accounts payable-trade and accrued liabilities approximated
fair value due to the short-term nature and maturity of these instruments.  

Deferred Offering Costs   

The Company defers as other
assets the direct incremental costs of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. At the time of the completion
of the offering, the costs are charged against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated, deferred offering costs are
charged to operations during the period in which the offering is terminated.  

Common Stock Registration
Expenses   

The Company considers incremental
costs and expenses related to the registration of equity securities with the SEC, whether by contractual arrangement as of a certain
date or by demand, to be unrelated to original issuance transactions. As such, subsequent registration costs and expenses are reflected
in the accompanying financial statements as general and administrative expenses, and are expensed as incurred.  

Lease Obligations   

All non-cancellable leases
with an initial term greater than one year are categorized as either capital leases or operating leases. Assets recorded under
capital leases are amortized according to the methods employed for property and equipment or over the term of the related lease,
if shorter.  

Estimates   

The financial statements are
prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of October 31, 2016 and cumulative expenses from inception. Actual results could
differ from those estimates made by management.  

Fiscal Year End   

The Company has adopted
a fiscal year end of July 31.  

NOTE 2. Development Stage Activities and Going Concern  

The Company is currently in
the development stage, and has limited operations. The business plan of the Company is to develop a search engine and website.  

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which contemplate
continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has not established any source of revenues to cover its operating costs,
and as such, has incurred an operating loss since inception. Further, as of October 31, 2016, the cash resources of the Company
were insufficient to meet its current business plan. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result
from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.  

NOTE 3. Common Stock  

On July 6, 2012, the Company
issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to the sole director of the Company at a price of $0.001 per share, for $1,000.  

The Company has not
commenced any capital formation activity by filing a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to the SEC to register and sell in a self-directed
offering shares of newly issued common stock.  

On August, 2015, the
Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock at purchasing price of $0.001 per share, for gross proceeds of $500.  

Since then, the Company has not issued any addition shares. 

On October 31, 2016, there were 1,500,000 shares of the registrant s
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

NOTE 4. Related Party Loans and Transactions   

On July 6, 2012, the Company
issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to the sole director of the Company at a price of $0.001 per share, for $1,000.  

On July 6, 2012, the
sole director loaned the Company $220 which is unsecured, with no specific terms of repayment.  

NOTE 5. Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2011, the FASB issued
ASU 2011-04,  Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements
in U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRSs ).  Under ASU 2011-04, the guidance amends
certain accounting and disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements to ensure that fair value has the same meaning
in U.S. GAAP and in IFRS and that their respective fair value measurement and disclosure requirements are the same. ASU 2011-04
is effective for public entities during interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011. Early adoption is not permitted.
The Company does not believe that the adoption of ASU 2011-04 will have a material impact on the Company's results of operation
and financial condition.  

In June
2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-05,  Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220): Presentation of Comprehensive Income, 
( ASU 2011-05 ) which amends current comprehensive income guidance. This accounting update eliminates the option to present
the components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of shareholders' equity. Instead, comprehensive income must
be reported in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income that contains two sections, net income and other comprehensive
income, or in two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 will be effective for public companies during the interim and
annual periods beginning after Dec. 15, 2011 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe that the adoption of ASU
2011-05 will have a material impact on the Company's results of operation and financial condition.  

There were various other
updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific
industries.  None of the updates are expected to a have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results
of operations or cash flows.  

NOTE 6. Subsequent Events  

Subsequent events have
been evaluated through October 31, 2016, which is the date these financial statements were available to be issued.  

ITEM
2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Unless the context otherwise requires,
references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  we ,  us ,  our ,  Company ,
and  Boomer  are to Boomer Ventures Inc.. The following discussion and analysis by our management of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed interim financial statements and
the accompanying related notes included in this quarterly report and our audited financial statements and related notes and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended July 31, 2014 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

This report may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, and we intend
that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. These forward-looking statements are based
on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Any such forward-looking
statements would be contained principally in  Management s Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operations .
Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies,
financing plans, competitive position, industry environment, potential growth opportunities and the effects of regulation. Forward-looking
statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as  anticipate ,
 believe ,  may ,  plan ,  predict ,  estimate ,  expect ,
 future ,  intend ,  project ,  target ,  potential ,  will ,
 would ,  could ,  should  or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss
many of these risks in greater detail in  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2014 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of
the date of this report. You should read this report and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed as exhibits
to the report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes
available in the future. 

Additional information concerning these
and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section
entitled  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2014. 

Our unaudited financial statements are stated in United States
Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this quarterly report.
All references to  US$  refer to United States dollars and all references to  common shares  refer to the common
shares in our capital stock. 

Company Overview  

Boomer Ventures Inc. ( Boomer ) was incorporated
in the state of Nevada on July 6, 2012. Our business plan was to develop a deep Internet search engine that will have the capability
of uncovering the best consumer deals on the Internet.  The proposed search engine s objectives
are to allow users to uncover deals on websites that are normally overlooked by regular search engines. It is too time consuming
for individuals to search multiple websites for discounts and promotions on travel, used cars, real estate, etc. but with this
proposed deep search engine all relevant sites on the Internet are searched to expose the best deals using the consumer s
criteria. We anticipate that our revenues will be chiefly derived from sales of advertising, sponsorships of our Internet website,
and fees for premium services paid by our users.  

We are currently in the process of interviewing web designers
and web developers who will create the company website as well as qualified personnel to start creating the deep search engine. 

The Company s  operational
offices are located at Posada del Rey, Via Italia, Punta Paitilla, Ciudad de Panama, Republica de Panama, and our telephone number
is +011 507-6500-2750.  The mailing address for our executive offices is: 424 West Bakerview Road, Unit 105-238, Bellingham,
Washington, USA and our fax number is +001 949-272- 0088. 

Results of Operations    

Boomer has not generated any revenues for the quarter ended
October 31, 2016 

The Company incurred/experienced general and administration
expenses of $nil for the quarter ended October 31, 2016, and $nil for the quarter ended October 31, 2015. 

For the quarter ended October 31, 2016, the Company incurred
a net loss of $nil. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

As of October 31, 2016, we had assets of $101,000 and liabilities
of $8,385. During the quarter ended October 31, 2016, the Company satisfied its working capital needs from loans payable to financial
corporation. 

As of October 31, 2016, we had cash on hand in the amount of $1,000.
Management does not expect that the current level of cash on hand will be sufficient to fund our operation for the next twelve-month
period. In the event that additional funds are required to maintain operations, our sole officer and director has agreed to advance
the Company sufficient capital to allow us to continue operations. We may also be able to obtain more future loans from our shareholders,
but there are no agreements or understandings in place currently. 

We believe that we will require additional funding to expand our
business and ensure its future profitability. We anticipate that any additional funding will be in the form of equity financing
from the sale of our common stock. However, we do not have any agreements in place for any future equity financing. In the event
we are not successful in selling our common stock, we may also seek to obtain shor t -term loans from our director. 

Related Party Transactions  

None 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are
reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources   that is material to investors. 

ITEM
3: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS   

As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
4: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president (our principal
executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives,
and our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

As of October 31, 2016, the end of the three-month period year covered
by this report, our president (our principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) carried
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing,
our president (our principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Changes In Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting that occurred during the period ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against
our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which
any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material
interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS  

Not required under Regulation S-K for
 smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM 2: UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None 

ITEM 3: DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None 

ITEM 4: SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDER S 

None 

ITEM 5: OTHER INFORMATION  

None 

ITEM 6: EXHIBITS  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

<EX-101.INS>
 2
 cik1555877-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 cik1555877-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 cik1555877-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 cik1555877-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 cik1555877-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 cik1555877-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.>
 8
 ex31.htm
 I, ALICIA TRISTAN, CERTIFY THAT:

Exhibit 31. CERTIFICATION AS REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(a) OR
RULE 15d-14(a) 

 I, Alicia Tristan, certify that: 

 I have reviewed this annual report of Boomer Ventures
Inc.. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; The small business issuer's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(3)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the small business issuer and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which the report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the small business
issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter
(the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design of operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small
business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

 Dated: December 13, 2016 

 /s/  Alicia Tristan  

 Ms. Alicia Tristan, President 

</EX-31.>

<EX-32>
 9
 ex32.htm

EX-32. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

 In connection with the report of Boomer
Ventures Inc.(the  Company ), on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ending October 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Alicia Tristan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to Sect 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sect 1350), that to my knowledge: 

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

 Dated: December 13, 2016 

 /s/  Alicia Tristan  

 Ms. Alicia Tristan, President 

</EX-32>

