<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1588272_0001193125-16-764428_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>950992</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178155</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>478338</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>58</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764428.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163403
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764428
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NexPoint Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001588272
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01074
		FILM NUMBER:		161984703

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 628-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NexPoint Capital, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764428.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d487675d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
    
  Form 10-Q        
       (Mark One)   
 
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                       TO
                         
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 814-01074        
       NexPoint
Capital, Inc.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  38-3926499   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code (972) 628-4100   
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   
  None      Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:      Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 31, 2016, the Registrant had 6,402,841
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding.          

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Statements of Assets and Liabilities       

(1)   
 See Note 4 for a discussion of related party transactions and arrangements.    

(2)   
 See Note 7 for a discussion of credit facility.    

(3)   
 See Note 4 and 8 for a discussion of the commitments and contingencies of the Company (as defined in Note 1).    
 See Notes to Financial Statements  

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Statements of Operations   
  (Unaudited)       

(1)   
 See Note 4 for a discussion of related party transactions and arrangements.    

(2)   
 See Note 7 for a discussion of credit facility.      See Notes to Financial Statements  

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Statements of Changes in Net Assets   
  (Unaudited)       

(1)   
 See Note 4 for a discussion of related party transactions and arrangements.      See Notes to
Financial Statements  

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited)       
   See Notes to Financial Statements  

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  As of September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
         
  See Notes to Financial Statements.   

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Schedule of Investments (continued)   
  As of September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       

(1)  
   The Company did not  control  and was not an  affiliated person  of any of its portfolio companies, each as defined in the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). In general, under the 1940 Act, the Company would be presumed to  control  a portfolio company if it owned 25% or more of its voting securities or had the power to exercise control over the
management or policies of such portfolio company, and would be an  affiliated person  of a portfolio company if it owned 5% or more of its voting securities. Additionally, companies under common control (e.g., companies with a common owner
of greater than 25% of their respective voting securities) are affiliates under the 1940 Act.    

(2)  
   All investments are denominated in United States Dollars.    

(3)  
   Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments.    

(4)  
   Senior secured loans in which the Company invests generally pay interest at rates which are periodically determined by reference to a base lending rate plus a spread
(unless otherwise identified, all senior secured loans carry a variable rate of interest). These base lending rates are generally (i) the Prime Rate offered by one or more major United States banks, (ii) the lending rate offered by one or more
European banks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) or (iii) the coupon rate. Rate shown represents the actual rate at September 30, 2016. Senior secured loans, while exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
(the  1933 Act ), contain certain restrictions on resale and cannot be sold publicly. Senior secured floating rate loans often require prepayments from excess cash flow or permit the borrower to repay at its election. The degree to which
borrowers repay, whether as a contractual requirement or at their election, cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result, the actual remaining maturity may be substantially less than the stated maturity shown.    

(5)  
   The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 1-Month LIBOR, which at September 30, 2016 was 0.53%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum
LIBOR floor which was greater than the 1 month LIBOR rate at September 30, 2016, the prevailing rate in effect at September 30, 2016 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.    

(6)  
   The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 3-Month LIBOR, which at September 30, 2016 was 0.85%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum
LIBOR floor which was greater than the 3 month LIBOR rate at September 30, 2016, the prevailing rate in effect at September 30, 2016 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.    

(7)  
   All or a portion of this position has not settled. Full contract rates do not take effect until settlement date.    
       
  See Notes to Financial Statements.   

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Schedule of Investments (continued)   
  As of September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       

(8)  
   The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). A business development company
may not acquire any asset other than a qualifying asset, unless at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the business development company s total assets. Non-qualifying assets represented 28.94% of the
Company s total assets as of September 30, 2016.    

(9)  
   The Company views Weight Watchers to be included in the Healthcare Industry as defined in the Company s organizational documents. If this classification were
reflected, value and percentage of the healthcare sector under Senior Secured Loans would increase to $21,268,186 and 36.81%, respectively.    

(10)  
   The issuer is, or is in danger of being, in default of its payment obligation. However, in some cases adequate protection payments are being made by the issuer.

(12)  
   The investment is considered to be the equity tranche of the issuer.    

(13)  
   Represents Fair Value as determined by the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ), or its designee in good faith, pursuant to the policies and
procedures approved by the Board. The Board considers fair valued securities to be securities for which market quotations are not readily available and these securities may be valued using a combination of observable and unobservable inputs.
Securities with a total aggregate value of $1,507,354 or 2.61% of net assets were fair valued under the Company s valuation procedures as of September 30, 2016.    

(14)  
   Non-income producing security.    

(15)  
   Restricted Securities. These securities are not registered and may not be sold to the public. There are legal and/or contractual restrictions on resale. The Company
does not have the right to demand that such securities be registered. The values of these securities are determined by valuations provided by pricing services, brokers, dealers, market makers, or in good faith under the procedures established by the
Board.    

(16)  
   Securities of a collateralized loan obligations where an affiliate of the Adviser serves as collateral manager.    
       
  See Notes to Financial Statements.   

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Schedule of Investments (continued)   
  December 31, 2015       

(1)   
 The Company did not  control  and was not an  affiliated person  of any of its portfolio companies, each as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). In
general, under the 1940 Act, the Company would be presumed to  control  a portfolio company if it owned 25% or more of its voting securities or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company,
and would be an  affiliated person  of a portfolio company if it owned 5% or more of its voting securities.    

(2)   
 All investments are denominated in United States Dollars and domiciled in the United States.    

(3)   
 Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments.    

(4)   
 Senior secured loans in which the Company invests generally pay interest at rates which are periodically determined by reference to a base lending rate plus a spread (unless otherwise identified, all senior secured
loans carry a variable rate of interest). These base lending rates are generally (i) the Prime Rate offered by one or more major United States banks, (ii) the lending rate offered by one or more European banks such as the London Interbank
Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) or (iii) the coupon rate. Rate shown represents the actual rate at December 31, 2015. Senior secured loans, while exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  1933 Act ),
contain certain restrictions on resale and cannot be sold publicly. Senior secured floating rate loans often require prepayments from excess cash flow or permit the borrower to repay at its election. The degree to which borrowers repay, whether as a
contractual requirement or at their election, cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result, the actual remaining maturity may be substantially less than the stated maturity shown.    

(5)   
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 6-Month LIBOR, which at December 31, 2015 was 0.85%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 6 month
LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect at December 31, 2015 was the interest rate spread plus the LIBOR floor.    

(6)   
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 3-Month LIBOR, which at December 31, 2015 was 0.61%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 3 month
LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect at December 31, 2015 was the interest rate spread plus the LIBOR floor.    

(7)   
 All or a portion of this position has not settled. Full contract rates do not take effect until settlement date.    

(8)   
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 1-Month LIBOR, which at December 31, 2015 was 0.43%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 1 month
LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect at December 31, 2015 was the interest rate spread plus the LIBOR floor.    

(9)   
 The issuer is, or is in danger of being, in default of its payment obligation. However, adequate protections payments are being made by the issuer.    

(11)   
 The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. A business development company may not acquire any asset other than a qualifying asset, unless at the
time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the business development company s total assets. Non-qualifying assets represented 7.3% of the Company s total assets as of December 31, 2015.

(12)   
 The investment is considered to be the equity tranche of the issuer.      See Notes to Financial
Statements  

NexPoint Capital, Inc.   
  Notes To Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  Note 1   Organization     NexPoint
Capital, Inc. (the  Company ) is an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the 1940 Act. The Company follows
the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standard Codification Topic 946 Financial Services - Investment Companies. The Company s investment objective is
to generate current income and capital appreciation primarily through investments in middle-market healthcare companies, middle-market companies in non-healthcare sectors, syndicated floating rate debt of large public and nonpublic companies and
collateralized loan obligations. The Company has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company ( RIC ), under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).    The Company was formed in Delaware on September 30, 2013 and formally commenced operations on
September 2, 2014 upon satisfying the minimum offering requirement by raising gross proceeds of $10.0 million in connection with a private placement with NexPoint Advisors, L.P. (the  Adviser ), our external advisor. In aggregate through
September 30, 2016, the Adviser controls 1,965,910 total shares, including reinvestment of dividends, for a net amount of approximately $18.0 million.  
 The Company has retained the Adviser to manage certain aspects of its affairs on a day-to-day basis. Highland Capital Funds Distributor, Inc.
(the  Dealer Manager ), an entity under common ownership with the Adviser, serves as the dealer manager of the Company s continuous public offering. The shares are being offered on a  best efforts  basis, which means
generally that the Dealer Manager is required to use only its best efforts to sell the shares and it has no firm commitment or obligation to purchase any of the shares. The Adviser and Dealer Manager are related parties and will receive fees and
other compensation for services related to the investment and management of the Company s assets and the continuous public offering.     Note 2
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies       Basis of Accounting    
 The accompanying financial statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ). Additionally, the accompanying financial statements of the Company and related financial information have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.
Certain financial information that is normally included in annual financial statements is not required for interim financial statements and has been condensed or omitted. The current period s results of operations will not necessarily be
indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.      Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.      Statements of Cash Flows    
 Information on financial transactions which have been settled through the receipt or disbursement of cash is presented in the Statements of
Cash Flows. The cash amount shown in the Statements of Cash Flows is the amount included within the Company s Statements of Assets and Liabilities and includes cash on hand at its custodian bank.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents    
 The Company considers liquid assets deposited with a bank and certain short-term debt instruments with original maturities of three months or
less to be cash equivalents. These investments represent amounts held with financial institutions that are readily accessible to pay Company expenses or purchase investments. Cash and cash equivalents are valued at cost plus accrued interest, which
approximates market value. The value of cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies is determined by converting to U.S. dollars on the date of the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company had cash and cash equivalents of $4,839,927 and $7,350,748, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $4,425,355 and $7,350,745 was held in the State Street U.S. Government Money Market Fund, and $414,572 and $3 was held
in a custodial account with State Street Bank and Trust Company, respectively.      Securities Sold Short and Restricted Cash    
 The Company may sell securities short. A security sold short is a transaction in which the Company sells a security it does not own in
anticipation that the market price of that security will decline. When the Company sells a security short, it must borrow the security sold short from a broker-dealer and deliver it to the buyer upon conclusion of the transaction. The Company may
have to pay a fee to borrow particular securities and is often obligated to pay over any dividends or other payments received on such borrowed securities. Cash held as collateral for securities sold short is classified as restricted cash on the
Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Securities held as collateral for securities sold short are shown on the Schedule of Investments for the Company, as applicable. At period end, the Company did not have any securities sold short.  
 When securities are sold short, the Company intends to limit exposure to a possible market decline in the value of its portfolio companies
through short sales of securities that the Adviser believes possess volatility characteristics similar to those being hedged. In addition, the Company may use short sales for non-hedging purposes to pursue its investment objective. Subject to the
requirements of the 1940 Act and the Code, the Company will not make a short sale if, after giving effect to such sale, the market value of all securities sold short by the Company exceeds 25% of the value of its total assets.  
   Other Fee Income      Fee income may
consist of origination/closing fees, amendment fees, administrative agent fees, transaction break-up fees and other miscellaneous fees. Origination fees, amendment fees, and other similar fees are non-recurring fee sources. Such fees are received on
a transaction by transaction basis and do not constitute a regular stream of income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recognized $0 and $0 of fee income, respectively. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized $0 and $2,653 of fee income, respectively.      Fair Value of Financial Instruments
     Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure ( ASC Topic 820 ) defines fair value
as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, which includes inputs such as quoted prices for similar securities in active
markets and quoted prices for identical securities where there is little or no activity in the market; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own
assumptions.    The Company determines the net asset value of its investment portfolio each quarter, or more frequently as needed.
Securities that are publicly-traded are valued at the reported closing price on the valuation date. Securities that are not publicly-traded are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Company (the
 Board ) or by the Adviser, pursuant to board-approved procedures. In connection with that determination, the Company will provide the Board with portfolio company valuations which are based on relevant inputs, including indicative dealer
quotes, values of like securities, recent portfolio company financial statements and forecasts, and valuations prepared by third-party valuation services.  

With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Board and
the Adviser undertake a multi-step valuation process, as described below:      

The valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by investment professionals of the Adviser responsible for credit monitoring.    

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of the Adviser (the  Valuation Committee ).    

The audit committee of the Board reviews these preliminary valuations.        

At least once each quarter, the valuations for approximately one quarter of the portfolio investments that have been fair valued are reviewed by an independent valuation firm such that, over the course of a year, each
material portfolio investment that has been fair valued shall have been reviewed by an independent valuation firm at least once.        

Based on this information, the Board discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in the portfolio in good faith.    
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company held the following investments for which a sufficient level of current, reliable market quotations were
not available:      
   As of December 31, 2015, there were no investments held for which current market quotations were not
available.    Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to the Company s
financial statements will refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, in the Company s financial statements. Below is a description of factors that the Valuation Committee
and the Board may consider when valuing the Company s debt and equity investments.    Valuation of fixed income investments, such as
loans and debt securities, depends upon a number of factors, including prevailing interest rates for like securities, expected volatility in future interest rates, call features, put features and other relevant terms of the debt. For investments
without readily available market prices, the Company may incorporate these factors into discounted cash flow models to arrive at fair value. Other factors that the Board may consider include the borrower s ability to adequately service its
debt, the fair market value of the portfolio company in relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt and the quality of collateral securing the Company s debt investments.  
 The Company s equity investments in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market will be valued at fair value. The
Valuation Committee and the Board, in its analysis of fair value, may consider various factors, such as multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ), cash flows, net income, revenues or, in limited
instances, book value or liquidation value. All of these factors may be subject to adjustments based upon the particular circumstances of a portfolio company or the Company s actual investment position. For example, adjustments to EBITDA may
take into account compensation to previous owners or acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring or other related items.  

The Valuation Committee and the Board may also look to private merger and acquisition statistics,
public trading multiples discounted for illiquidity and other factors, valuations implied by third-party investments in the portfolio companies or industry practices in determining fair value. The Valuation Committee and the Board may also consider
the size and scope of a portfolio company and its specific strengths and weaknesses, as well as any other factors it deems relevant in assessing the value. Generally, the value of the Company s equity interests in public companies for which
market quotations are readily available will be based upon the most recent closing public market price.    If the Company receives warrants
or other equity-linked securities at nominal or no additional cost in connection with an investment in a debt security, the Company will allocate the cost basis in the investment between the debt securities and any such warrants or other
equity-linked securities received at the time of origination. The Valuation Committee and the Board will subsequently value these warrants or other equity-linked securities received at fair value.  
 As applicable, the Company values its Level 2 assets by using the midpoint of the prevailing bid and ask prices from dealers on the date of
the relevant period end, which is provided by an independent third-party pricing service and screened for validity by such service. For investments for which the third-party pricing service is unable to obtain quoted prices, the Company obtains bid
and ask prices directly from dealers who make a market in such investments.    To the extent that the Company holds investments for which no
active secondary market exists and, therefore, no bid and ask prices can be readily obtained, the Valuation Committee utilizes an independent third-party valuation service to value such investments.  
 The Company periodically benchmarks the bid and ask prices received from the third-party pricing service and/or dealers, as applicable, and
valuations received from the third-party valuation service against the actual prices at which it purchases and sells its investments. The Company believes that these prices are reliable indicators of fair value. The Company s Valuation
Committee and the Board review and approve the valuation determinations made with respect to these investments in a manner consistent with the Company s valuation process.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s investments consisted of senior secured loans, bonds, asset-backed securities, common stocks and
warrants, which may be purchased for a fraction of the price of the underlying securities. The fair value of the Company s loans, bonds and asset-backed securities are generally based on quotes received from brokers or independent pricing
services. Loans, bonds and asset-backed securities with quotes that are based on actual trades with a sufficient level of activity on or near the measurement date are classified as Level 2 assets. Loans, bonds and asset-backed securities that are
priced using quotes derived from implied values, indicative bids or a limited number of actual trades are classified as Level 3 assets because the inputs used by the brokers and pricing services to derive the values are not readily observable.  
 The fair value of the Company s common stocks and options that are not actively traded on national exchanges are generally priced using
quotes derived from implied values, indicative bids, or a limited amount of actual trades and are classified as Level 3 assets because the inputs used by the brokers and pricing services to derive the values are not readily observable. Exchange
traded options are valued based on the last trade price on the primary exchange on which they trade. If an option does not trade, the mid-price is utilized to value the option.  
 At the end of each calendar quarter, the Company evaluates the Level 2 and 3 investments for changes in liquidity, including: whether a broker
is willing to execute at the quoted price, the depth and consistency of prices from third party services, and the existence of contemporaneous, observable trades in the market. Additionally, management evaluates the Level 1 and 2 assets and
liabilities on a quarterly basis for changes in listings or delistings on national exchanges.    Due to the inherent uncertainty of
determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of investments may differ significantly
from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values the Company may ultimately realize. Further, such investments may be subject to legal and other restrictions on
resale or otherwise less liquid than publicly traded securities.  

The inputs or methodology used for valuing investments are not necessarily an indication of the
risk associated with investing in those investments. Transfers in and out of the levels are recognized at the fair value at the end of the period. The following are summaries of the Company s investments categorized within the fair value
hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the Company s Level 3 investments
(measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      
   The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the Company s Level 3 investments (measured at fair
value using significant unobservable inputs) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      
   Investments designated as Level 3 may include investments valued using quotes or indications furnished by
brokers which are based on models or estimates and may not be executable prices. In light of the developing market conditions, the Adviser continues to search for observable data points and evaluate broker quotes and indications received for
investments. Determination of fair values is uncertain because it involves subjective judgments and estimates that are unobservable. Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 are due to an increase in market activity (e.g. frequency of trades), which
resulted in an increase of available market inputs to determine price. Transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 are due to a decrease in market activity, which resulted in a decrease of available market inputs to determine price, of which $5,673,366
was transferred in as of September 30, 2016.    The following are summaries of significant unobservable inputs used in the fair valuations
of investments categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1)   
 Included within level 3 Assets of $10,317,155 are financial instruments for which a sufficient level of current, reliable market quotations were not available. Please refer to Note 2, under Fair Value of Financial
Instruments for additional detail on these instruments.    

Derivative Transactions    
 The Company is subject to equity price risk, interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk in the normal course of pursuing its
investment objective. The Company enters into derivative transactions for the purpose of hedging against the effects of changes in the value of portfolio securities due to anticipated changes in market conditions, to gain market exposure for
residual and accumulating cash positions and for managing the duration of fixed income investments.      Options    
 The Company purchases options, subject to certain limitations. The Company may invest in options contracts to manage its exposure to the stock
and bond markets and fluctuations in foreign currency values. Writing puts and buying calls tend to increase the Company s exposure to the underlying instrument while buying puts and writing calls tend to decrease the Company s exposure to
the underlying instrument, or economically hedge other Company investments. The Company s risks in using these contracts include changes in the value of the underlying instruments, nonperformance of the counterparties under the contracts 
terms and changes in the liquidity of the secondary market for the contracts. Options are valued at the last sale price, or if no sales occurred on that day, at the last quoted bid price.  
 The average quarterly volume of derivative activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

Average   Units/   Contracts  

Total Unrealized   Appreciation/   (Depreciation)  

Total Realized   Gain (loss)  

Ending Notional   Amount  

Purchased Options Contracts  

1,317 

$ 

$ 
 (211,941 
 )  

Investment Transactions    
 Investment transactions are accounted for on trade date. Realized gains/(losses) on investments sold are recorded on the basis of specific
identification method for both financial statement and U.S. federal income tax purposes. Payable for investments purchased and receivable for investments sold on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities, if any, represents the cost of purchases
and proceeds from sales of investment securities, respectively, for trades that have been executed but not yet settled. Due from Broker, if any, represents certain receivables from counterparties related to principal paydowns among other things.

Income Recognition    
 Corporate actions (including cash dividends) are recorded on the ex-dividend date, net of applicable withholding taxes, except for certain
foreign corporate actions, which are recorded as soon after ex-dividend date as such information becomes available. Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis. The Company does not accrue as a receivable interest or dividends on loans and
securities if there is a reason to doubt the Company s ability to collect such income. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount are capitalized and such amounts are amortized as interest income over the respective term
of the loan or security. Upon the prepayment of a loan or security, any unamortized loan origination fees and original issue discount are recorded as interest income.  
 Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on taxable bonds and loans are computed to the call or maturity date, whichever is
shorter, using the effective yield method. Withholding taxes on foreign dividends have been provided for in accordance with the Company s understanding of the applicable country s tax rules and rates.  
   Organization and Offering Costs    
 Organization costs include the cost of incorporating, such as the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to our organization and are
paid by the Adviser, are expensed as we raise proceeds and become payable to the Adviser. Organization costs and offering costs are limited to 1% of total gross proceeds raised and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed
that amount. Please refer to Note 4 for additional information on Organization and Offering Costs.      Paid-in Capital    
 The proceeds from the issuance of common stock as presented on the Company s Statements of Changes in Net Assets is presented net of
selling commissions and fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. Selling commissions or fees of $2,142,925 and $305,544 were paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.
     Earnings Per Share      In
accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 260   Earnings per Share ( ASC 260 ), basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during
the period. Other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis.  
 The following table sets forth the computation of the weighted average basic and diluted net increase in net assets per share from operations:
     
     Distributions    
 Distributions to the Company s stockholders will be recorded as of the record date. Subject to the discretion of the Board and applicable
legal restrictions, the Company intends to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions on a weekly basis and pay such distributions on a monthly basis. Net realized capital gains, if any, will be distributed or deemed distributed at least
every  12-month  period.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
 The Company generally intends to take advantage of the extended transition period available to emerging growth companies to comply with the new
or revised accounting standards below until those standards are applicable to private companies.    In February 2015, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. This update focuses on the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should
consolidate certain legal entities. For public entities this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 31, 2016, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of this new guidance on its financial position.  
 In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07, Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its
Equivalent). The guidance removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the NAV per share practical expedient. Sufficient information must be provided to permit
reconciliation of the fair value of assets categorized within the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. For public entities this guidance is required to be presented for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, this update is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016. Management is currently evaluating the implication, if any, of the additional disclosure
requirements and its impact on the Company s financial statements.    In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
2016-01, Financial Instruments (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities. The amendments in this update makes improvements to the requirements for accounting for equity investments and simplifying the
impairment assessment of equity investments. For public entities this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. For all other entities, this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 31, 2018, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial position.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in
Debt Instruments. The amendments in this update clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt
hosts. For public entities this update will be effective for interim periods and fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. For all other entities, this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and
for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial position.  
 In August, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Receipts
and Cash Payments. The amendments in this update address eight specific issues, where there has been diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230.
For public entities this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial position.  

Note 3   Investment Portfolio   
 The following table shows the composition of the Company s investments by industry classification at fair value at September 30,
2016:      

(1)   
 Weight Watchers is currently included in the Service sector, but the Company views Weight Watchers to be related to the Healthcare Industry as defined in the Company s organizational documents. If this
classification change were reflected, the value and percentage of the healthcare sector would increase to $41,222,877 and 65.5%, respectively. The value and percentage of the service sector would decrease to $477,033 and 0.8%, respectively.
     The following table shows the composition of the Company s investments by industry classification at fair value at
December 31, 2015:      
   The following table summarizes the amortized cost and the fair value of the Company s investments as of
September 30, 2016:      

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and the fair value of the Company s
investments as of December 31, 2015:      
   The following table shows the composition of the Company s investments by geographic classification at
September 30, 2016:      

(1)   
 Investments denominated in USD      The following table shows the composition of the
Company s investments by geographic classification at December 31, 2015:      
    Note 4   Related Party Transactions and Arrangements   
   Investment Advisory Fee      Payments
for investment advisory services under the Company s investment advisory agreement (the  Investment Advisory Agreement ) and administrative services agreement (the  Administration Agreement ) is equal to (a) a base
management fee calculated at an annual rate of 2.0% of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and (b) an incentive fee based on the Company s performance.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred investment advisory fees payable to the Adviser of $363,595 and
$797,215, respectively, which were voluntarily waived. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred investment advisory fees payable to the Adviser of $109,669 and $320,642, respectively, which were

voluntarily waived. Amounts waived for management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods prior to June 10, 2016 are not recoupable, but amounts waived for management fees
or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods from and after June 10, 2016 are subject to recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date that such fees were otherwise payable, provided that the recoupment will be limited to
the amount of such voluntarily waived fees from and after June 10, 2016 and will not cause the sum of the Company s advisory fees, administration fees, Other Expenses (as defined under  Expense Limits and Reimbursements  below), and
any recoupment to exceed the annual rate of 3.40% of average gross assets.      Incentive Fee    
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and
payable quarterly in arrears, and equals 20.0% of  pre-incentive fee net investment income  for the immediately preceding quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on the Company s net assets, as defined
in the Investment Advisory Agreement, equal to 1.875% per quarter, or an annualized hurdle rate of 7.5%. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income for
such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.875%. Once the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a  catch-up  fee equal to the amount of the
pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter equals 2.34375% of the Company s net assets at the end of such quarter, or 9.375% annually.
This  catch-up  feature allows the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate in that quarter. Thereafter, the Adviser will receive 20.0% of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment
income from the quarter.    The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, is determined
and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement). This fee equals 20.0% of the Company s incentive fee capital gains, which will equal the Company s realized capital
gains on a cumulative basis from formation, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses (proceeds less amortized cost) and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate
amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. The Company will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee, which, if earned, will be paid annually. The Company will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized and
unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the fee payable to the Adviser will be based on realized gains and no such fee will be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually
realized.    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
incurred $313,850, $313,850, $0, and $0 of incentive fees on capital gains, respectively, all of which was voluntarily waived.      Administration Fee
     Pursuant to the Administration Agreement with the Adviser, the Company also reimburses the Adviser for expenses necessary for its
performance of services related to the Company s administration and operations. The amount of the reimbursement will be the lesser of (1) the Company s allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Adviser in performing
its obligations under the Administration Agreement and (2) 0.40% of the Company s average gross assets. The Adviser is required to allocate the cost of such services to the Company based on objective factors such as assets, revenues, time
allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. The Board assesses the reasonableness of such reimbursements based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services as compared to the estimated cost to the Company of obtaining similar services from
third-party service providers known to be available. In addition, the Board will consider whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost and quality. Finally, the Board will compare
the total amount paid to the Adviser for such services as a percentage of the Company s net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable BDCs.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred administration fees payable to the Adviser of $72,719 and
$159,441, respectively, which were voluntarily waived. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred administration fees payable to the Adviser of $21,933 and $64,128, respectively, which were voluntarily waived.
Amounts waived for management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods prior to June 10, 2016 are not recoupable, but amounts waived for management fees or administrative services, expenses pertaining to periods from and after
June 10, 2016 are subject to recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date that such fees were otherwise payable, provided that the recoupment will be limited to the amount of such voluntarily waived fees from and after June 10,
2016 and will not cause the sum of the Company s advisory fees, administration fees, Other Expenses, and any recoupment to exceed the annual rate of 3.40% of average gross assets.  

Investment Advisory and Administration Fees Table    
 Amounts waived and subject to recoupment pertaining to advisory and administrator fees are shown below.  
   
   In addition, cumulatively since inception through to June 10, 2016, the Company has voluntarily waived
$930,143 and $186,042 of advisory fees and administration fees, respectively, all of which are not recoupable.      Organization and Offering Costs
     Organization costs include the cost of incorporating, such as the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to our
organization and are paid by the Adviser, are expensed as we raise proceeds and become payable to the Adviser. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Adviser did not incur
or pay organization costs on our behalf. For the period from our inception to September 30, 2016, the Adviser incurred and paid organization costs of $33,392 on our behalf.  
 Offering costs include legal fees, promotional costs and other costs pertaining to the public offering of our shares of common stock. Through
December 31, 2015, offering costs were paid by the Adviser and charged against capital in excess of par value on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities as the gross proceeds were raised and the costs became payable to the Adviser. After
December 31, 2015, offering costs that become payable are now properly presented as capitalized and amortized to expense over one year. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Adviser incurred and paid offering costs of
$275,719 and $732,086, respectively, on our behalf. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Adviser incurred and paid offering costs of $109,185 and $535,515, respectively, on our behalf. For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, the Company recorded $86,011 of offering costs on the Statements of Changes in Net Assets, which was payable to the Adviser. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company capitalized $117,192 and $317,141, respectively,
of offering costs, which will be amortized over one year. Of this amount, $64,887 and $104,135, respectively, was amortized to expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $213,006 remains on the Statement of Assets and
Liabilities as of September 30, 2016.    Organization costs and offering costs are limited to 1% of total gross proceeds raised in this
offering and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. Currently, the cumulative aggregate amount of $3,325,791 of organization and offering costs exceeds 1% of total proceeds raised. To the extent the Company is
unable to raise sufficient capital such that the expenses paid by the Adviser on behalf of the Company are more than 1% of total proceeds at the end of the Offering, the Adviser will forfeit the right to reimbursement of the remaining $2,757,056 of
these costs.      Fees Paid to Officers and Directors    
 Each director who is not an  interested person  of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act (the  Independent Directors )
receives an annual retainer of $150,000 payable in quarterly installments and allocated among each portfolio in the Highland Fund Complex based on relative net assets. The  Highland Fund Complex  consists of all of the registered
investment companies advised by the Adviser and any affiliates as of the period covered by this report. The Company pays no compensation to any of its officers, all of whom are employees of an affiliate of the Adviser. Although the Company believes
that Mr. Powell is technically no longer an  interested person  of the Company, in light of his previous employment with affiliates of the Adviser, as well as his ongoing provision of consulting services to affiliates of the Adviser, it is
possible that the SEC might in the future determine Mr. Powell to be an  interested person  of the Company. Therefore, the Company intends to treat Mr. Powell as an  interested person  of the Company for all purposes other than
compensation (Mr. Powell will be compensated at the same rate as the Independent Directors) from December 16, 2015 until December 4, 2017 (the second anniversary of his resignation from an affiliate of the Adviser).  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an expense relating
to director fees of $1,442 and $5,903, respectively, which represents the allocation of the director fees to the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded an expense relating to director fees of $503 and
$1,267, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was $1,732 of expenses payable relating to director fees.      Expense Limits and
Reimbursements      Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement, the Adviser is contractually obligated to waive fees and, if
necessary, pay or reimburse certain other expenses to limit the ordinary  Other Expenses  to 1.0% of the quarter-end value of the Company s gross assets through the one year anniversary of the effective date of the registration
statement (the  Expense Limitation Agreement ). Under the Expense Limitation Agreement,  Other Expenses  are all expenses with the exception of advisor and administration fees, organization and offering costs and the following:
(i) interest, taxes, dividends tied to short sales, brokerage commissions, and other expenditures which are capitalized in accordance with U.S. GAAP; (ii) expenses incurred indirectly as a result of investments in other investment companies and
pooled investment vehicles; (iii) other expenses attributable to, and incurred as a result of, our investments; (iv) expenses payable to the Adviser, as administrator, for providing significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies; and
(v) other extraordinary expenses (including litigation expenses) not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. The obligation will automatically renew for one-year terms unless it is terminated by the Company or the Adviser upon written
notice within 120 days of the end of the current term or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Expense Limitation Agreement was extended through April 30, 2017.  
 Any expenses waived or reimbursed by the Adviser pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement are subject to possible recoupment by the
Adviser within three years from the date of the waiver or reimbursement. The recoupment by the Adviser will be limited to the amount of previously waived or reimbursed expenses and cannot cause the Company s expenses to exceed any expense
limitation in place at the time of recoupment or waiver.      Reimbursable Expenses Table    
 The cumulative total of fees waived by the Adviser under the Expense Limitation Agreement, which are recoupable as of September 30, 2016 are
$1,817,663. This balance, and the balances in the tables below, only include amounts pertaining to the Expense Limitation Agreement, and do not include waived advisory and administration fees subject to recoupment discussed earlier in Note 4.
The following table reflects the fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and March 31, 2016, which may become subject to recoupment by the Adviser.  

The following table reflects the fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as
of December 31, 2015, September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015, which may become subject to recoupment by the Adviser.      
   The following table reflects the fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of December
31, 2014 and September 30, 2014, which may become subject to recoupment by the Adviser.      
   There can be no assurance that the Expense Limitation Agreement will remain in effect or that the Adviser will
reimburse any portion of our expenses in future quarters not covered by the Expense Limitation Agreement. Amounts shown do not include the amounts committed by the Adviser to voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses, all of which are
not recoupable.      Net Increase from Amounts Committed by Affiliates    
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Adviser committed $872,000 and $0, respectively, to the Company to
voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses sustained. Cumulatively since inception, the Adviser has committed $2,275,000 to voluntarily reimburse the Company for such losses. Had these commitments not been made, the net asset value
( NAV ) as of September 30, 2016 would have been lower. These commitments are shown in the Statements of Operations as net increase from amounts committed by affiliates and are not recoupable.  
   Receivable from Adviser      The table
below provides a breakdown of the various amounts that make up the $4,040,691 and the $3,096,979 shown on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Note 5   U.S. Federal Income Tax Information   
 The Company has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M
of the Code. To maintain its qualification as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain   source-of-income   and asset diversification requirements and
distribute to its stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of its  investment company taxable income,  which is generally the Company s net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net  short-term  capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses. As a RIC, the Company will not have to pay  corporate-level  federal income taxes on any income that it
distributes to its stockholders. The Company intends to make distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain its RIC status each year and to avoid any federal income taxes on income so distributed. The Company will also be subject to nondeductible
federal excise taxes if it does not distribute at least 98% of net ordinary income, 98.2% of any capital gain net income, if any, and any recognized and undistributed income from prior years for which it paid no federal income taxes.  
 The character of income and gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with income tax regulations which may differ from U.S. GAAP.
These differences include (but are not limited to) investments organized as partnerships for tax purposes, defaulted bonds, losses deferred to off-setting positions, and losses deferred due to wash sale transactions. Reclassifications are made to
the Company s capital accounts to reflect income and gains available for distribution (or available capital loss carryovers) under income tax regulations. These reclassifications have no impact on net investment income, realized gains or
losses, or net asset value of the Company. The calculation of net investment income per share in the Financial Highlights table excludes these adjustments.  
   Uncertainty in Income Taxes      The
Company will evaluate its tax positions to determine if the tax positions taken meet the minimum recognition threshold in connection with accounting for uncertainties in income tax positions taken or expected to be taken for the purposes of
measuring and recognizing tax benefits or liabilities in the financial statements. Recognition of a tax benefit or liability with respect to an uncertain tax position is required only when the position is  more likely than not  to be
sustained assuming examination by taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service for a period of three fiscal years after they are filed. The Company recognizes interest and penalties,
if any, related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense in the Statements of Operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not incur any interest or
penalties. Furthermore, the company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next 12 months.  
  Note 6   Share Repurchase Program   
 On a quarterly basis, the Company intends to offer to repurchase shares of common stock on such terms as may be determined by the Board in its
complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the Independent Directors of the Board, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of the Company s stockholders or would violate applicable law. The Company will conduct such
repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( the Exchange Act ), and the 1940 Act. In months in which the Company repurchases shares of common stock, it will
conduct repurchases on the same date that it holds its first weekly closing for the sale of shares of common stock in its public offering. Any offer to repurchase shares of common stock will be conducted solely through tender offer materials mailed
to each stockholder.    The Company currently intends to limit the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased during any calendar
year to the number of shares of common stock it can repurchase with the proceeds it receives from the sale of shares of common stock under its distribution reinvestment plan. At the discretion of the Board, the Company may also use cash on hand,
cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of securities investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares of common stock. In addition, the Company will limit the number of shares of common stock to be
repurchased in any calendar year to 10.0% of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding in the prior calendar year, or 2.5% in each quarter, though the actual number of shares of common stock that the Company offers to
repurchase may be less in light of the limitations noted above. The Company intends to offer to repurchase such shares of common stock at a price equal to 90% of the offering price in effect on each date of repurchase. The Board may amend, suspend
or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, upon 30 days  notice.  

The Company conducted its quarterly tender offer from March 4, 2016, until expiration of the
tender offer on March 31, 2016, at 5:00 p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to 2.5% of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the first quarter tender offer, 3,232 shares of the Company were
tendered for repurchase, constituting approximately 0.09% of the Company s outstanding shares.    The Company conducted its quarterly
tender offer from June 1, 2016, until expiration of June 30, 2016 at 5:00p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to 2.5% of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the second quarter tender offer, no
shares of the Company were tendered for repurchase.    The Company conducted its quarterly tender offer from September 2, 2016, until
expiration of September 30, 2016 at 5:00p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to 2.5% of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the third quarter tender offer, no shares of the Company were
tendered for repurchase.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company also repurchased 1,664 shares as part of its death and
disability repurchase program.     Note 7   Credit Facility   
 On January 6, 2015, the Company entered into a senior, secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with State Street
Bank and Trust Company ( State Street ), as lender and agent. Under the Credit Facility, State Street has agreed to extend credit to the Company in an aggregate principal amount of up to $25 million, subject to borrowing base availability
and restrictions on the Company s total outstanding debt.    On January 5, 2016, the Company entered into an amendment to the Credit
Facility to, among other things, increase the unused commitment fee from 0.15% to 0.25% and extend the final maturity date to January 3, 2017.  
 In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company has also entered into a security agreement with State Street, both in its capacity as
agent for the lenders under the Credit Facility and in its capacity as custodian to the Company, pursuant to which the Company grants State Street a security interest in all of the Company s assets. State Street serves as the Company s
custodian and  sub-administrator  pursuant to separate agreements. The Credit Facility contains certain customary covenants and limits senior securities representing indebtedness to not more than 33 1/3% of the
Company s total assets. The Credit Facility also includes customary representations and warranties, conditions precedent to borrowings and events of default.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the components of total interest expense were as follows:  
   
   The Company is required to maintain 300% asset coverage with respect to amounts outstanding under the Credit
Facility. Asset coverage is calculated by subtracting the Company s total liabilities, not including any amount representing bank loans and senior securities, from the Company s total assets and dividing the result by the principal
amount of the borrowings outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s debt outstanding was $9,900,000.  

Note 8   Economic Dependency and Commitments and Contingencies   
 Under various agreements, the Company has engaged the Adviser and its affiliates to provide certain services that are essential to the Company,
including asset management services, asset acquisition and disposition decisions, the sale of shares of the Company s common stock available for issue, as well as other administrative responsibilities for the Company including accounting
services and investor relations. Additionally, the Adviser pays all of the Company s organization and offering costs subject to reimbursement to the extent organization and offering costs paid by the Adviser do not exceed 1% of gross proceeds
raised.    The Company s organization and offering costs together are limited to 1% of total proceeds raised and are not due and
payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. Currently, the cumulative aggregate amount of organization and offering costs exceeds 1% of total proceeds raised. As of September 30, 2016, $2,757,056 of organization and offering costs
could become payable to the Adviser contingent upon the amount of future proceeds raised. See Note 4 for a discussion of Related Party Transactions and Arrangements, including a description of amounts waived and subject to recoupment.  
 As a result of these relationships, the Company is dependent upon the Adviser and its affiliates. In the event that these companies are unable
to provide the Company with the respective services, the Company will be required to find alternative providers of these services.    From
time to time, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. Although the outcome of such litigation cannot be predicted with any clarity, management is of the opinion, based on the advice of legal counsel,
that final dispositions of any litigation should not have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016.  
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties
that provide general indemnification. The Company s maximum exposure under these agreements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Company that have not occurred. The Company believes the risk of material
obligations under these indemnities to be low.     Note 9   Market and Other Risk Factors   
 The primary risks of investing in the Company are described below in alphabetical order:  
   Concentration Risk      The Company is
classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that it is not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of the Company s assets that it may invest in securities of a single
issuer. To the extent that the Company assumes large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, the Company s net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes
in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. The Company may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. Beyond the asset diversification requirements
associated with the Company s qualification as a RIC under the Code and certain contractual diversification requirements under a credit facility or other agreements, the Company does not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and its
investments could be concentrated in relatively few portfolio companies. As a result, the aggregate returns the Company realizes may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if the Company needs to write
down the value of any one investment. Additionally, the Company s investments may be concentrated in relatively few industries. As a result, a downturn in any particular industry in which the Company is invested could also significantly impact
the aggregate returns realized.      Counterparty Credit Risk    
 Counterparty credit risk is the potential loss the Company may incur as a result of the failure of a counterparty or an issuer to make payments
according to the terms of a contract. Counterparty credit risk is measured as the loss the Company would record if its counterparties failed to perform pursuant to the terms of their obligations to the Company. Because the Company may enter into

over-the-counter forwards, options, swaps and other derivative financial instruments, the Company may be exposed to the credit risk of its counterparties. To limit the counterparty credit risk
associated with such transactions, the Company conducts business only with financial institutions judged by the Adviser to present acceptable credit risk.  
   Credit Risk      Investments rated
below investment grade are commonly referred to as high-yield, high risk or  junk debt.  They are regarded as predominantly speculative with respect to the issuing company s continuing ability to meet principal and/or interest
payments. Investments in high yield debt and high yield senior loans may result in greater net asset value fluctuation than if the Company did not make such investments. Corporate debt obligations, including senior loans, are subject to the risk of
non-payment of scheduled interest and/or principal.    Non-payment would result in a reduction of income to the Company, a reduction in the
value of the corporate debt obligation experiencing non-payment and a potential decrease in the net asset value of the Company. Some of the loans the Company makes or acquires may provide for the payment by borrowers of Payment-In-Kind
( PIK ) interest or accreted original issue discount at maturity. Such loans have the effect of deferring a borrower s payment obligation until the end of the term of the loan, which may make it difficult for the Company to identify
and address developing problems with borrowers in terms of their ability to repay debt. Particularly in a rising interest rate environment, loans containing PIK and original issue discount provisions can give rise to negative amortization on a loan,
resulting in a borrower owing more at the end of the term of a loan than what it owed when the loan was originated. Any such developments may increase the risk of default on the Company s loans by borrowers.  
 Because loans are not ordinarily registered with the SEC or any state securities commission or listed on any securities exchange, there is
usually less publicly available information about such instruments. In addition, loans may not be considered  securities  for purposes of the anti-fraud protections of the federal securities laws and, as a result, as a purchaser of these
instruments, the Company may not be entitled to the anti-fraud protections of the federal securities laws. In the course of investing in such instruments, the Company may come into possession of material nonpublic information and, because of
prohibitions on trading in securities of issuers while in possession of such information, the Company may be unable to enter into a transaction in a publicly-traded security of that issuer when it would otherwise be advantageous for us to do so.
Alternatively, the Company may choose not to receive material nonpublic information about an issuer of such loans, with the result that the Company may have less information about such issuers than other investors who transact in such assets.  
   Foreign Securities Risk    
 Investments in foreign securities involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in U.S. securities, such as risks relating to
(i) currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar (the currency in which the books of the Company are maintained) and the various foreign currencies in which the Company s portfolio securities
will be denominated and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another; (ii) differences between the U.S. and foreign securities markets, including the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and
financial reporting standards and practices and disclosure requirements, and less government supervision and regulation; (iii) political, social or economic instability; and (iv) the extension of credit, especially in the case of sovereign debt.
     Illiquid Securities Risk      The
Company will generally make investments in private companies. Substantially all of these investments will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of the
Company s investments may make it difficult for the Company to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if it is required to liquidate all or a portion of its portfolio quickly, the Company may realize significantly less than the
value at which it has previously recorded its investments. In addition, it may face other restrictions on its ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that it has material non-public information regarding such
portfolio company or if an investment is held by one of its subsidiaries and is subject to contractual limitations on sale, such as the limitations on transfer of assets under certain circumstances under a credit facility.  
 Because loan transactions often take longer to settle than transactions in other securities, the Company may not receive the proceeds from the
sale of a loan for a significant period of time. As a result, the Company may maintain higher levels of cash and  

short-term investments than funds that invest in securities with shorter settlement cycles and/or may use the Credit Facility to permit the Company to meet its obligations pending settlement of
the sale of portfolio securities, each of which may adversely affect the Company s performance.    The company seeks to address its
short-term liquidity needs by carefully managing the settlements of its portfolio transactions, including transactions in loans, by maintaining short-term liquid assets sufficient to meet reasonably anticipated obligations, and by maintaining the
Credit Facility.      Investments in Foreign Markets Risk    
 Investments in foreign markets involve special risks and considerations not typically associated with investing in the United States. These
risks include revaluation of currencies, high rates of inflation, restrictions on repatriation of income and capital, and adverse political and economic developments. Moreover, securities issued in these markets may be less liquid, subject to
government ownership controls, tariffs and taxes, subject to delays in settlements, and their prices may be more volatile. The Company may be subject to capital gains and repatriation taxes imposed by certain countries in which they invest. Such
taxes are generally based on income and/or capital gains earned or repatriated. Taxes are accrued based upon net investment income, net realized gains and net unrealized appreciation as income and/or capital gains are earned.  
   Leverage Risk      The Company may use
leverage in its investment program, including the use of borrowed funds and investments in certain types of options, such as puts, calls and warrants, which may be purchased for a fraction of the price of the underlying securities. While such
strategies and techniques increase the opportunity to achieve higher returns on the amounts invested, they also increase the risk of loss. To the extent the Company purchases securities with borrowed funds, its net assets will tend to increase or
decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed funds are not used. If the interest expense on borrowings were to exceed the net return on the portfolio securities purchased with borrowed funds, the Company s use of leverage would result in a lower
rate of return than if the Company were not leveraged.      Options Risk    
 There are several risks associated with transactions in options on securities. For example, there are significant differences between the
securities and options markets that could result in an imperfect correlation between these markets, causing a given transaction not to achieve its objectives. A transaction in options or securities may be unsuccessful to some degree because of
market behavior or unexpected events.    When the Company writes a covered call option, the Company forgoes, during the option s life,
the opportunity to profit from increases in the market value of the security covering the call option above the sum of the premium and the strike price of the call, but retains the risk of loss should the price of the underlying security decline.
The writer of an option has no control over the time when it may be required to fulfill its obligation and once an option writer has received an exercise notice, it must deliver the underlying security in exchange for the strike price.  
 When the Company writes a covered put option, the Company bears the risk of loss if the value of the underlying stock declines below the
exercise price minus the put premium. If the option is exercised, the Company could incur a loss if it is required to purchase the stock underlying the put option at a price greater than the market price of the stock at the time of exercise plus the
put premium the Company received when it wrote the option. While the Company s potential gain in writing a covered put option is limited to distributions earned on the liquid assets securing the put option plus the premium received from the
purchaser of the put option, the Company risks a loss equal to the entire exercise price of the option minus the put premium.      Short-Selling Risk
     Short sales by the Company that are not made where there is an offsetting long position in the asset that it is being sold short
theoretically involve unlimited loss potential since the market price of securities sold short may continuously increase. Short selling  

allows the Company to profit from declines in market prices to the extent such decline exceeds the transaction costs and costs of borrowing the securities. However, since the borrowed securities
must be replaced by purchases at market prices in order to close out the short position, any appreciation in the price of the borrowed securities would result in a loss. Purchasing securities to close out the short position can itself cause the
price of securities to rise further, thereby exacerbating the loss. The Company may mitigate such losses by replacing the securities sold short before the market price has increased significantly. Under adverse market conditions, the Company might
have difficulty purchasing securities to meet margin calls on its short sale delivery obligations, and might have to sell portfolio securities to raise the capital necessary to meet its short sale obligations at a time when fundamental investment
considerations would not favor such sales.     Note 10   Financial Highlights   
 Selected data for a share outstanding throughout the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is as follows:  

(1)   
 Per share data was calculated using weighted average shares outstanding during the period.    

(2)   
 Of the total distributions to common shareholders, the Company estimates that $0.34 per share was from net investment income, and $0.17 per share was a return of capital.    

(3)   
 The continuous issuance of common stock may cause an incremental increase in net asset value per share due to the sale of shares at the then prevailing public offering price and the receipt of net proceeds per share by
the Company in excess of net asset value per share on each subscription closing date. The per share data was derived by computing (i) the sum of (A) the number of shares issued in connection with subscriptions and/or distribution reinvestment on
each share transaction date times (B) the differences between the net proceeds per share and the net asset value per share on each share transaction date, divided by (ii) the total shares outstanding at the end of the period.    

(5)   
 Total returns are historical and assume changes in share price and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions, and assume no sales charge. Distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this
calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Had the Adviser not absorbed a portion of expenses, total returns would have been lower.    

(6)   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 1.91% of the fund s total return consists of a voluntary reimbursement committed by the adviser for unrealized investment losses, and is included in Net realized and
unrealized gain (loss). Excluding this item, total return would have been 24.86%.    

(7)   
 Not annualized.    

(8)   
 Annualized.       Note 11   Subsequent Events   
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date on which these financial statements were issued.  
 On September 9, 2016, the Board declared a cash distribution of $0.013846 per share of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, paid to investors on November 2, 2016, to the stockholders of record on October 3, 2016, October 10, 2016, October 17, 2016, October 24, 2016 and October 31, 2016. Based on the Company s then-current public offering price of $10.51
per share, the distribution represented an annualized rate of approximately 6.9%.    On October 13, 2016, the Board declared a cash
distribution of $0.013846 per share of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, to be paid on November 30, 2016, to the stockholders of record on November 7, 2016, November 14, 2016, November 21, 2016 and November 28, 2016. Based
on the Company s then-current public offering price of $10.51 per share, the distribution represented an annualized rate of approximately 6.9%.  
 On November 2, 2016, the Company decreased its public offering price from $10.51 per share to $10.40 per share. The public offering price was
effective as of the November 2, 2016 closing and first applied to subscriptions received October 26, 2016 through November 2, 2016.  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included
elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In this report,  we,   us  and  our  refer to NexPoint Capital, Inc.  
  Forward-Looking Statements     Some of the
statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on  Form 10-Q  may include statements as to:      

our future operating results;        

changes in healthcare technologies, finance and regulations adversely affecting our portfolio companies or financing model;        

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, which could result in changes to the value of our assets;

our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest;        

the impact of the investments that we expect to make;        

the impact of increased competition;        

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;        

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest;        

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;        

our current and expected financings and investments;        

the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital;        

the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies;        

our use of financial leverage;        

the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments;        

the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals;        

our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company, or RIC, and as a business development company, or BDC;        

the impact on our business of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations issued thereunder;    

the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and        

the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest.      Such forward-looking statements may
include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words  may,   might,   will,   intend,   should,   could,   can,   would,   expect, 
 believe,   estimate,   anticipate,   predict,   potential,   plan  or similar words. The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and as  Risk
Factors  in the prospectus relating to the continuous public offering of our common stock.    We have based the forward-looking
statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to us on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Stockholders are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to stockholders or through reports that we may file in the
future with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  

Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). This quarterly report on Form 10-Q may contain statistics and
other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data.  
  Overview     We were formed in Delaware on
September 30, 2013 and formally commenced operations on September 2, 2014. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company (a
 BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the  Code ) with retroactive effect to the date we elected to be treated as a BDC. As a BDC, we are also subject to certain constraints, including limitations imposed by the 1940 Act and the Code.  
 Our investment activities are managed by NexPoint Advisors, L.P. (our  Adviser ) and supervised by our board of directors (the
 Board ) of which a majority of the members are independent of us.    Our investment objective is to generate high current income
and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to achieve our objective by using the experience of the healthcare, credit and structured products teams of Highland Capital Management, L.P. ( Highland ) to source, evaluate and structure
investments, identify attractive investment opportunities that are primarily debt investments that generate high income without creating undue risk for the portfolio, make equity investments where we believe there will be attractive risk-adjusted
returns that compensate for the lack of current income, and make investments in debt and equity tranches of collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs, that deliver income and high relative value. We will focus on companies that are stable, have
positive cash flow and the ability to grow their business model.    Our investment policy is to invest, under normal circumstances, at least
80% of our total assets in debt and equity of middle-market companies, with an emphasis on healthcare companies, syndicated floating rate debt of large public and nonpublic companies and mezzanine and equity tranches of CLOs. Middle-market companies
include companies with annual revenues between $50,000,000 and $2,500,000,000 and syndicated floating rate debt refers to loans and other instruments originated by a bank to a corporation that are sold off, or syndicated, to investors in pieces. We
consider a healthcare company to be a company that is engaged in the design, development, production, sale, management or distribution of products, services or facilities used for or in connection with the healthcare industry. Additionally, we
consider companies that are materially impacted by the healthcare industry (such as a contractor that derives significant revenue or profit from the construction of hospitals) as being engaged in the healthcare industry. We may invest without limit
in companies that are not in the healthcare sector.    We will leverage the expertise of Highland with regard to distressed investing and
restructuring to make opportunistic investments in distressed companies. We will utilize the Highland credit underwriting capability to identify the types of companies we believe will provide high current income and/or long-term capital
appreciation. In addition to the investments in the healthcare industry, we may invest a portion of our capital in other opportunistic investments in which the Adviser has expertise and where we believe an opportunity exists to achieve above average
risk adjusted yields and returns. These types of opportunities may include: (1) direct lending or origination investments, (2) investments in stressed or distressed situations, (3) structured product investments, (4) equity
investments and (5) other investment opportunities not typically available in other BDCs. Opportunistic investments may range from broadly syndicated deals to direct lending deals in both private and public companies and may include foreign
investments. We believe this is the best approach to achieving our dual mandate of attempting to generate a high yield while also attempting to produce capital appreciation.  
 We seek to invest primarily in securities deemed by the Adviser to be high income generating debt investments and income generating equity
securities of privately held companies in the United States. We expect the portfolio will be concentrated primarily in senior floating rate debt securities, although we may invest without limit in securities which rank lower than senior secured
instruments and may invest without limit in investments with a fixed rate of interest. We will buy syndicated loans, various tranches of CLOs and other debt instruments in the secondary market as well as originate debt so we can tailor the
investment parameters more precisely to our needs. We also intend to invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities that are non-income producing, when doing so will help us achieve our objective of long-term capital appreciation. We expect
the size of our positions will range from $2,000,000 to $25,000,000, although investments may be larger as our asset base increases. We may selectively make investments in amounts larger than $25,000,000 in some of our portfolio companies. While our
asset base increases, we may make smaller investments.  

We expect that many of the securities in which we invest will be rated below investment grade by
independent rating agencies or would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which may be referred to as  junk,  have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay
interest and repay principal. In addition, we expect that many of our debt investments will include floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically will not require the borrowers to pay down the outstanding principal of such
debt prior to maturity.     Public Offering   
 We are offering on a continuous basis up to $1.5 billion of our common stock, inclusive of shares already sold, based on an offering price of
$10.40 as of October 31, 2016, and a par value of $0.001 per share, pursuant to a registration statement on  Form N-2  filed with the SEC under the Securities Act. The SEC declared our registration
statement effective on April 29, 2016, as supplemented. We are also authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. However, we currently do not anticipate issuing any preferred stock.  
 As a result of a series of private placements to the Adviser, we successfully satisfied the minimum offering requirement and officially
commenced operations on September 2, 2014. In connection with the satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement and the commencement of our operations, the Investment Advisory Agreement became effective and the base management fee and any
incentive fees, as applicable, payable to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement began to accrue. In aggregate through September 30, 2016 we have issued 1,965,910 shares to the Adviser, including reinvestment of dividends, for net
proceeds of approximately $18.0 million and we have issued net 4,058,062 shares, including reinvestment of dividends, to unaffiliated investors for net proceeds of approximately $41.0 million.  
 The Dealer Manager, an entity under common ownership with the Adviser, serves as the dealer manager of our continuous public offering. The
shares are being offered on a  best efforts  basis, which means generally that the Dealer Manager is required to use only its best efforts to sell the shares and it has no firm commitment or obligation to purchase any of the shares. The
Adviser and the Dealer Manager are related parties and will receive fees, distributions and other compensation for services related to our public offering and the management of our assets.  
 We, Highland and the Adviser have obtained an exemptive order dated April 19, 2016 from the SEC to permit
 co-investments  among the Company and certain other accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, subject to certain conditions.  
 On August 28, 2015, the Company filed its application with the SEC pursuant to Section 6(c) of the 1940 Act, requesting exemptions
from Sections 18(c), 18(i) and 61(a) of the 1940 Act and pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the 1940 Act and  Rule 17d-1  under the 1940 Act, to permit the Company to offer investors multiple classes
of shares, interests or units, as the case may be, with varying sales loads and asset-based service and/or distribution fees (the  Multi-Class Application ). The Company may revise the Multi-Class Application in response to comments from
the SEC staff.     Revenues     We generate
a significant portion of our total revenue in the form of interest on the debt securities that we hold. We expect that the senior debt we invest in will generally have stated terms of 3 to 5 years and that the subordinated debt we invest in will
generally have stated terms of 5 to 7 years. Our senior and subordinated debt investments bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. Interest on debt securities is generally payable monthly, quarterly or semiannually. In addition, some of our
investments provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest. We may also generate revenues in the form of dividends and other distributions on the equity or other securities we may hold. In addition, we may generate
revenues in the form of commitment, closing, origination, structuring or diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, consulting fees, prepayment fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in connection
with our investments will be recognized as earned.     Expenses   
 We expect that our primary operating expenses will include the payment of fees to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement, our
allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement and other operating costs described below. However, at this time the Adviser is waiving most fees. We bear all out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and
transactions, including:      

our organization (expenses initially paid by the Adviser until sufficient equity proceeds are raised);    

calculating our net asset value and net asset value per share (including the costs and expenses of independent valuation firms);        

fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by the Adviser or payable to third parties in performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, monitoring our investments and, if necessary, enforcing
our rights;        

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments;        

the costs of all offerings of common shares and other securities, and other incurrence of debt;        

the base management fee and any incentive fee;        

distributions on our shares;        

administration fees payable to the Adviser under the Administration Agreement;        

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses;        

the actual costs incurred by the Adviser as our administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it;    

amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, evaluating, making and disposing of investments;        

brokerage fees and commissions;        

registration fees;        

listing fees;        

taxes;        

independent director fees and expenses;        

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws;    

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders, including printing costs;        

costs of holding stockholder meetings;        

our fidelity bond;        

directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums;        

litigation, indemnification and other non-recurring or extraordinary expenses;        

direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including audit and legal costs;        

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts, including deal sourcing fees and marketing to financial sponsors;        

dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which we are a member; and        

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us or the Adviser in connection with administering our business.    
 During periods of asset growth, we expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total
assets and increase during periods of asset declines.     Expense Limitation   
 Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement (the  Expense Limitation Agreement ), the Adviser is contractually obligated to waive
fees and, if necessary, pay or reimburse certain other expenses to limit ordinary  Other Expenses  (defined below) for the fiscal year to 1.0% of the quarter-end value of our gross assets through April 30, 2017. Under the Expense
Limitation Agreement,  Other Expenses  are all expenses except interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, other expenses which are capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, extraordinary expenses, (including
litigation expenses), acquired fund fees and expenses, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement or expenses payable to the Adviser for providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies or as an incentive fee.  
 The Expense Limitation Agreement will automatically renew for one-year terms unless it is terminated by the Company or the Adviser upon 120
days  written notice or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, which can only be  

terminated by terminating the Adviser. In the event that the Expense Limitation Agreement is terminated by either party, investors will likely bear higher expenses. Any fees waived or expenses
reimbursed by the Adviser pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement are subject to possible recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date of the waiver or reimbursement. The recoupment by the Adviser will be limited to the amount of
previously waived fees or reimbursed expenses and cannot cause our expenses to exceed any expense limitation in place at the time of recoupment or waiver.  
 The cumulative total of fees waived by the Adviser under the Expense Limitation Agreement which are recoupable as of September 30, 2016 are
$1,817,663. This balance, and the balances in the tables below, only include amounts pertaining to the Expense Limitation Agreement, and do not include waived advisory and administration fees subject to recoupment discussed elsewhere herein.  
 The following table reflects the 2016 quarterly fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of September 30, 2016, June 30,
2016 and March 31, 2016, which are subject to recoupment by the Adviser.      
   The following table reflects the 2015 quarterly fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as
of December 31, 2015, September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015, and March 31, 2015, which are subject to recoupment by the Adviser.      
   The following table reflects the 2014 quarterly fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as
of December 31, 2014 and September 30, 2014, which are subject to recoupment by the Adviser.      
   There can be no assurance that the Expense Limitation Agreement will remain in effect beyond April 30, 2017 or
that the Adviser will reimburse any portion of our expenses in future quarters not covered by the Expense Limitation Agreement. Amounts shown do not include the amounts committed by the Adviser to voluntarily reimburse the Company for
unrealized losses, all of which are not recoupable.  

Portfolio Investment Activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made investments in portfolio companies and other investments totaling
$63,279,264. During the same period, we sold investments for proceeds of $27,907,573. As of September 30, 2016 our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of $62,927,137, consisted of interests in 38 portfolio companies (33.2% in first lien
senior secured loans, 20.4% in second lien senior secured loans, 33.3% in corporate bonds, 6.3% in common stocks, 4.8% in asset-backed securities and 2.0% in warrants). As of September 30, 2016, the investments in our portfolio were purchased at a
weighted average price of 86.43% of par or stated value, as applicable, and our estimated gross annual portfolio yield (which represents the expected yield to be generated by us on our investment portfolio based on the composition of our portfolio
as of such date), prior to leverage, was 7.63% based upon the amortized cost of our investments. The portfolio yield does not represent an actual investment return to stockholders and does not include income from CLO equity.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we made investments in portfolio companies and other investments totaling $17,727,996. During
the same period, we sold or had principal repayments on investments for proceeds of $9,110,555. As of September 30, 2015, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of $17,340,804, consisted of interests in 12 portfolio companies (6% in first
lien senior secured loans, 59% in second lien senior secured loans, 28% in corporate bonds, 2% in asset-backed securities, and 5% in common stock). As of September 30, 2015, the investments in our portfolio were purchased at a weighted average price
of 92.07% of par or stated value, as applicable, and our estimated gross annual portfolio yield (which represents the expected yield to be generated by us on our investment portfolio based on the composition of our portfolio as of such date), prior
to leverage, was 7.14% based upon the amortized cost of our investments. The portfolio yield does not represent an actual investment return to stockholders and does not include income from CLO equity.  
  Total Portfolio Activity     The following
tables present selected information regarding our portfolio investment activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:      

The following table summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio at amortized cost and
fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1) 
 Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments.    
 The following table presents certain selected information regarding the composition of our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015:      

Portfolio Composition by Strategy and Industry   
 The table below summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio by strategy and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total
portfolio assets in such strategies as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Broadly syndicated debt refers to loans and other instruments originated by a bank to a large corporation
(both private and public) that are sold off, or syndicated, to investors in pieces. Middle-Market companies include companies with annual revenues between $50 million and $2.5 billion.  
 The table below describes investments by industry classification and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio assets
in such industries as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1) 
 Weight Watchers is currently included in the Service sector, but the Company views Weight Watchers to be related to the Healthcare Industry as defined in the Company s organizational documents. If this
classification change were reflected, the value and percentage of the healthcare sector would increase to $41,222,877 and 65.5%, respectively. The value and percentage of the service sector would decrease to $477,032 and 0.8%, respectively.
     As of September 30, 2016, we did not  control  and were not an  affiliated person,  each as defined in
the 1940 Act, of any of our portfolio companies. In general, under the 1940 Act, we would be presumed to  control  a portfolio company if we owned 25% or more of its voting securities or we had the power to exercise control over the
management or policies of such portfolio company, and would be an  affiliated person  of a portfolio company if we owned 5% or more of its voting securities.  

Summary Description of Portfolio Companies/Investments   
 Our primary focus is to invest a majority of the portfolio in direct lending or originated opportunities over time. However, during the
 ramp up phase,  the portfolio will consist primarily of middle-market loans as well as broadly syndicated bank loans (both private and public), corporate bonds, cash and cash equivalents and U.S. government securities. We estimate the
ramp up phase will begin to wind down once $50 million of total capital has been raised. At that time, we will begin deploying a portion of the portfolio into direct lending or originated opportunities (including, secured and unsecured debt and
mezzanine financing) and equity investments (including warrants received in connection with originated debt investments).    Our primary
holdings currently include senior secured first and second lien bank loans and bonds. Bank loans typically accrue interest at variable rates determined by reference to a base lending rate, such as LIBOR. The base rate typically resets every three
months, such that bank loans have a very short duration of 90 days on average and typically have maturities of 3 to 5 years. Corporate notes and bonds typically accrue a fixed rate of interest with maturities of 5 to 7 years.  
 We focus on healthcare investments, although we may invest without limit in non-healthcare related investments and portfolio companies. The
Adviser believes there is an excellent opportunity in the healthcare sector as a result of the aging population (Americans are turning age 65 at a rate of approximately 10,000 per day) and the longer life span of the average American due to
increased usage of technology and pharmaceuticals in healthcare. Overarching all of this is the multi-year long implementation of the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ), the largest structural change to the U.S. healthcare sector since the
passage of Medicare and Medicaid in the mid 1960 s. The Adviser believes these macro factors will combine to produce above average growth in the healthcare sector for at least the next decade.  
 The healthcare sector has traditionally been a stable, defensive sector. However, with the macro influences affecting the sector, particularly
implementation of the ACA, we believe there will be more volatility and upheaval in the sector than historically has been the case. Investing in credit potentially minimizes unwanted volatility while also positioning the portfolio to participate in
the potential growth of the healthcare sector while earning income. We believe lending to middle-market healthcare companies may potentially generate a higher risk adjusted yield. As we grow, it is our intention to do more origination and direct
lending, predominantly to healthcare companies, although we will also make investments in non-healthcare companies where an opportunity exists to achieve above average risk adjusted yields and returns.  
  Summary Description of Top Portfolio Companies/Investments   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 70% and 94% (based on fair value), respectively, of our portfolio consisted of healthcare
related and opportunistic investments. Information regarding these investments is provided below. Included in the value at September 30, 2016 is the investment in Weight Watchers, which the Company views as related to the Healthcare Industry as
defined in the Company s organizational documents. Information regarding these investments is provided below. This additional information is limited to publicly available information, and does not address credit worthiness or financial
viability of the issuer, or our future plans as it relates to a specific investment:      Healthcare Investments    
  Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics  :  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we held corporate bonds of Ortho-Clinical
Diagnostics ( Ortho-Clinical ) having an aggregate fair value of $7.7 million and $3.9 million, respectively. Ortho-Clinical is a provider of in-vitro diagnostic solutions for screening, diagnosing, monitoring and confirming diseases, as
well as immunohematology to ensure compatibility for blood transfusions and plasma screening for infectious diseases.     Radnet Inc :
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we held second lien senior secured loans in Radnet Inc. ( Radnet ) with an aggregate fair value of $5.4 million and $4.8 million, respectively. Radnet provides outpatient diagnostic
imaging services in the United States. It offers various imaging services, including magnetic resonance imaging, computed tomography, positron emission tomography, nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy,
and other related procedures, as well as multi-modality imaging services. The company also develops and sells computerized systems for the imaging industry, including picture archiving communications systems, and provides teleradiology services for
remote interpretation of images on behalf of radiology groups, hospitals, and imaging center customers. As of June 30, 2016, it owned and/or operated 310 outpatient imaging centers located in California, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and
Rhode Island. The company was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.     MPH Acquisition Holdings, LLC:  
 As of September 30, 2016 we held first lien senior secured loans of MPH Acquisition Holdings, LLC ( Multiplan ) having an aggregate fair value of $4.9 million. As this investment was purchased in 2016 we did not hold a position as
of December 31, 2015. Multiplan is a provider of cost containment solutions for organizations paying healthcare claims (e.g., insurance companies, health maintenance organizations (HMOs), and self-insured employers). The company provides access to
the largest independent preferred provider organization with approximately one million providers under contract.  
  U  .  S  .   Renal Care:  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we held second lien senior secured
loans in US Renal Care, Inc. ( U.S. Renal Care ) having an aggregate fair value of $4.4 million and $4.4 million, respectively. U.S. Renal Care develops, acquires, and operates a network of outpatient, home, and specialty dialysis centers
for serving patients suffering from chronic kidney failures in the United States. The company provides in-center and at-home hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis services for end stage renal diseases. It operates outpatient, home, and specialty
dialysis programs. The company also manages various acute setting dialysis programs in conjunction with local community hospitals. It also serves families, caregivers and physicians. U.S. Renal Care was founded in 2000 and is based in Plano,
Texas. Upon completing an acquisition of DSI Renal in January 2016, U.S. Renal Care became third-largest provider of dialysis services in the United States, with 300 outpatient dialysis facilities across 34 states/territories.  
  Community Health Services, Inc .: As of September 30, 2016 we held corporate bonds of Community Health Services, Inc. ( Community
Health ) having an aggregate fair value of $3.5 million. As this investment was purchased in 2016 we did not hold a position as of December 31, 2015. Community Health is one of the largest hospital companies in the United States, providing
healthcare services through its owned and operated hospitals and affiliated businesses in non- urban and selected urban markets throughout the United States. As of September 30, 2016, Community Health owned or leased 155 hospitals, comprised of
152 general acute care hospitals and three stand- alone rehabilitation or psychiatric hospitals, as well as home care agencies operated in select markets served by its acute care hospitals.  
  Weight Watchers International, Inc.:  As of September 30, 2016 we held term loans of Weight Watchers International, Inc. ( Weight
Watchers ) having an aggregate fair value of $3.0 million. As this investment was purchased in 2016 we did not hold a position as of December 31, 2015. Weight Watchers is the world s leading commercial provider of weight management
services, and one of only a few commercial weight management programs whose efficacy has been clinically proven repeatedly, helping people around the world lose weight through sensible and sustainable food plans, activity, behavior modification and
group support. Weight Watchers- branded products and services include meetings conducted at its global network of company-owned and franchise locations, digital weight management products provided through its websites, mobile sites and apps,
products sold at meetings, licensed products sold in retail channels and magazine subscriptions and other publications. As of October 1, 2016, the Company had approximately 1.2 million active meeting subscribers and 1.6 million active online
subscribers globally.  

Opportunistic Investments    
 The Adviser makes opportunistic investments when it believes it has a differentiated view on an investment, has sourced a unique opportunity,
or an investment has, in the Adviser s opinion, an outsized return for the risk assumed. We will typically limit opportunistic investments to 20% or less of the portfolio, although we may invest more from time to time. The objective of
opportunistic investments is primarily to generate capital appreciation, however, some opportunities may produce income as well.     Texas
Competitive Electric Holdings Company, Inc.:  As of September 30, 2016, we held 1 st  lien senior secured term loans of Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company, Inc. ( TXU ). TXU is
the largest electric power generator and retail electric provider in Texas, with over 16 GW of generation capacity and over 1.7 million retail customers. TXU emerged from bankruptcy on  

October 3, 2016. Prior to emergence, 1st lien creditors received adequate protection payments on their claims. Post emergence, 1st lien creditor interests were converted into equity in the
reorganized company. The reorganized equity currently trades publicly over the counter and is anticipated to be listed on a major stock exchange in the second quarter of 2017.  
  Results of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
  Revenues     We generate a significant
portion of our investment income in the form of interest on the debt securities we purchase or originate. During the ramp up phase, we have invested primarily in broadly syndicated bank loans of private companies. Bank loans generally pay interest
at rates which are periodically determined by reference to a base lending rate plus a spread. The base lending rate is typically the three-month LIBOR. The settlement of bank loans differs from the settlement of many other equity or debt
instruments. Bank loans are manually settled through the agent by assignment. As a result, settlement can take an undetermined amount of time. Currently, according to data provided by Markit Partners, bank loans settle, on average, on the
seventeenth day after the trade date. Generally, interest does not begin to accrue to the buyer until seven business days after the trade date.  
 Our CLO equity pays quarterly dividends based on excess cash flow available after the CLO s payment  waterfall  provisions.
Both Grayson and PAMCO CLOs are past their respective reinvestment periods, and as a result, excess cash flow is expected to decline over time. We, therefore, expect that the quarterly dividends paid by the investment will similarly decline.  
  Expenses     For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, we had total expenses of $803,909 or $0.19 per share and $1,272,439 or $0.70 per share. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, we had total
expenses of $236,661 or $0.04 per share and $518,749 or $0.24 per share.    Our total net operating expenses were $353,096 and $803,911 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Our total net operating expenses were $92,491 and $ 236,977 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Our operating expenses include base management fees
attributed to the Adviser of $363,595 and $797,215 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which were voluntarily waived for both periods. Our operating expenses include base management fees attributed to the Adviser of
$109,669 and $320,642 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which were voluntarily waived for both periods. Our expenses also include administrative services expenses attributed to the Adviser of $72,719 and
$159,441, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $21,933 and $64,128, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, which were voluntarily waived for all periods. Amounts waived for
management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods prior to June 10, 2016 are not recoupable, but amounts waived for management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods from and after June 10, 2016
are subject to recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date that such fees were otherwise payable, provided that the recoupment will be limited to the amount of such voluntarily waived fees from and after June 10, 2016 and will not
cause the sum of the Company s advisory fees, administration fees, Other Expenses, and any recoupment to exceed the annual rate of 3.40% of average gross assets.  
 Amounts waived and subject to recoupment pertaining to advisory and administration fees are shown below:  
   
   In addition, cumulatively since inception through to June 10, 2016, the Company has voluntarily waived $930,143 and $186,042
of advisory fees and administration fees, respectively, all of which are not recoupable.  

Our other expenses subject to the Expense Limitation Agreement for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 were $306,179 and $873,427, respectively, and consisted of the following:      
     
   Please refer to the Expense Limitation section above for further details on expense reimbursements.  
  Net Investment Income     We earned net
investment income of $2,198,307 or $0.52 per share and $645,784, or $0.34 per share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. We earned net investment income of $1,030,934 or $0.19 per share and $265,742, or
$0.12 per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.     Net Realized Gains or Losses   
 We had sales or principal repayments of $27,907,573 and $9,110,555 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively, from which we realized a net gain of $1,197,232 and a net loss of $(425,022), respectively. We had sales or principal repayments of $8,034,499 and $4,912,109 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively, from which we realized a net gain of $695,515 and a net loss of $(93,944), respectively.  

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments
totaled $3,844,531 or $0.90 and $(1,182,670) or $(0.62) per share, respectively. The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by the performance of
the Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics Holdings Bond, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was primarily driven by the performance of TXU and Fieldwood Energy term loans.  
  Net Increase from Amounts Committed by Affiliates   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Adviser committed $872,000 and $0, respectively, to the Company to
voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses sustained. Cumulatively since inception, the Adviser has committed $2,275,000 to voluntarily reimburse the Company for such losses. Had these payments not been made, the NAV as of September 30,
2016 would have been lower. These payments are shown in the Statement of Operations as net increase from amounts committed by affiliates and are not recoupable.  
  Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations was
$8,112,070 or $1.91 and $(961,908), or $(0.51) per share, respectively.      

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of $4,839,927 and $7,350,748, respectively. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $4,425,355 and $7,350,745 was held in the State Street U.S. Government Money Market Fund, and $414,572 and $3 was held in a custodial account with State Street Bank and Trust Company, respectively. Cash
and cash equivalents are available to fund new investments, pay operating expenses and pay distributions.    In aggregate through September
30, 2016 we have issued 1,965,910 shares to the Adviser, including reinvestment of dividends, for net proceeds of approximately $18.0 million and we have issued net 4,058,062 shares, including reinvestment of dividends, to unaffiliated investors for
net proceeds of approximately $41.0 million.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we also recorded
amortized offering costs of $104,135 and $0, respectively, in connection with the sale of our common stock, which consisted primarily of legal, due diligence and printing fees. After December 31, 2015, offering costs that become payable are
capitalized and amortized to expense over one year. The offering costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were capitalized on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities and will be amortized to expense over twelve months. The sales
commissions and dealer manager fees related to the sale of our common stock were $2,142,925 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $305,544 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and were offset against capital in excess of par
value on the financial statements.    We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of our continuous public offering and from
cash flows from fees, interest and dividends earned from our investments, as well as principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. We are engaged in a continuous public offering of shares of common stock. Through September 30,
2015 we accepted subscriptions on a continuous basis and issued shares at monthly closings at prices that, after deducting selling commissions and dealer manager fees, must be above our net asset value per share. Effective October 1, 2015, we
changed the frequency of our closings, which now occur weekly.    Prior to investing in securities of portfolio companies, we invest the net
proceeds from our continuous public offering, from the issuance of shares of common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan and from sales and paydowns of existing investments primarily in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities,
repurchase agreements, high-quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, consistent with our BDC election and our election to be treated as a RIC. Additionally, we may invest in higher yielding, liquid credit
investments such as bank loans and corporate notes and bonds, which are considered  junk  as they are rated below investment grade, to the extent that at time of purchase 70% of our portfolio is in qualified investments as required by
rules and regulations under the 1940 Act.    We may borrow funds to make investments, including before we have fully invested the proceeds
of our continuous public offering, to the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities. On January 6, 2015, we entered into a senior, secured revolving credit facility (the
 Credit Facility ) with State Street Bank and Trust Company ( State Street ) as lender and agent. Under the Credit Facility, State Street has agreed to extend credit to us, in an aggregate principal amount of up to $25 million,
subject to borrowing base availability and restrictions on our total outstanding debt. Loans under the Credit Facility will bear interest (at our election) at either (1) the higher of (i) the federal funds rate plus 1.25% per annum
and (ii) the daily one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 1.25% per annum or (2) one-, two- or three-month LIBOR plus 1.15% per annum. Interest is payable monthly in arrears. On January 5, 2016, the
Company amended the senior, secured revolving credit facility with State Street and extended the maturity to January 3, 2017. The amendment to the Credit Facility did not contain any other material changes to the original agreement which was
entered into on January 6, 2015 other than increasing the commitment fee from 0.15% to 0.25% per annum on the daily unutilized portion of the $25 million program amount. In connection with the Credit Facility, we have also entered into a
security agreement with State Street, both in its capacity as agent for the lenders under the Credit Facility and in its capacity as custodian to us, pursuant to which we grant State Street a security interest in all of our assets. State Street
serves as our custodian and sub-administrator pursuant to separate agreements. The Credit Facility contains certain customary covenants and limits senior securities representing indebtedness to no more than 33 1/3% of our total assets. The Credit
Facility also includes customary representations and warranties, conditions precedent to borrowings and events of default.    As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $9,900,000 and $0, respectively, were outstanding under the Credit Facility. The Company incurred costs of $25,000 in connection with obtaining the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2015, all such
financing costs have been amortized to interest expense.  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the components of
total interest expense were as follows:      
   While we are authorized to issue preferred stock, we do not currently anticipate issuing any.  
  Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to meet the financial needs of
our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, we had no outstanding commitments to fund investments.    We have certain contracts under which we have material
future commitments. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser in accordance with the 1940 Act. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser provides us with investment advisory and management services. For these
services, we pay (1) a management fee equal to a percentage of the average value of our gross assets and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance.  
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part, which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, equals  Pre-Incentive  Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on our net assets, equal to 1.875% per quarter, or an
annualized hurdle rate of 7.5%. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until our pre-incentive fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.875%. Once our pre-incentive fee net investment
income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a  catch-up  fee equal to the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until our pre-incentive fee net investment
income for such quarter equals 2.34375% of the Company s net assets at the end of such quarter, or 9.375% annually. This  catch-up  feature allows the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle
rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will receive 20.0% of our pre-incentive fee net investment income. For purposes of calculating this part of the incentive fee,  Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income  means interest income, distribution
income and any other income (including any other fees, other than fees for providing managerial assistance, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued
during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred
stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities),
accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation.  
 The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, is determined and payable in arrears as of
the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement). This fee equals 20.0% of our incentive fee capital gains, which will equal our realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from formation, calculated as of
the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses (proceeds less amortized cost) and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. We
will accrue for the capital  

gains incentive fee, which, if earned, will be paid annually. We will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the
Investment Advisory Agreement, the fee payable to the Adviser will be based on realized gains and no such fee will be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, the Company accrued $313,850, $313,850, $0, and $0 of incentive fees on capital gains, respectively, all of which was voluntarily waived.  
 Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser furnishes us with office facilities and equipment, provides us clerical, bookkeeping and
record keeping services at such facilities and provides us with other administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. We will reimburse the Adviser for the allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of the Board)
of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief
financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs, to the extent that such expenses do not exceed an annual rate of 0.4% of our gross assets. The Adviser also provides on our behalf significant managerial assistance to those
portfolio companies to which we are required to offer to provide such assistance and any expenses payable to the Adviser for such managerial assistance are not subject to the cap on reimbursement.  
 Our organization and offering costs together are limited to 1% of total gross proceeds raised and are not due and payable to the Adviser to
the extent they exceed that amount. Currently, the cumulative aggregate amount of organization and offering costs exceeds 1% of total proceeds raised. As of September 30, 2016, $2,757,056 of organization and offering costs could become payable to
the Adviser contingent upon the amount of future proceeds raised.    If any of the contractual obligations discussed above is terminated,
our costs under any new agreements that we enter into may increase. In addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we receive under our Investment Advisory Agreement and our
Administration Agreement. Any new investment advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders.    If for any taxable
year we were not a  publicly offered  RIC within the meaning of Code Section 67(c)(2)(B), certain of our direct and indirect expenses, including the management fee, the incentive fee and certain other advisory expenses, would be subject to
special  pass-through  rules. Such rules would treat these expenses as additional dividends to certain of our direct or indirect stockholders (generally including individuals and entities that compute their taxable income in the same
manner as an individual) and as deductible by those stockholders, subject to the 2%  floor  on miscellaneous itemized deductions and other significant limitations on itemized deductions set forth in the Code.  
  Distributions     In order to qualify for
the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, or
 investment company taxable income,  to our stockholders on an annual basis. We intend to make monthly distributions to our stockholders as determined by the Board. In addition, we also intend to distribute any realized net capital gains
(i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) at least annually.    We may not be able to
achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage
requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including possible failure to qualify for the special tax
treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions.    To the extent our
taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for a taxable year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to
our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a distribution payment carefully and should not assume that the source of any
distribution is our ordinary income or gains. Required distributions are driven by tax laws and thus tax accounting applies, not GAAP. Therefore, it is possible that we pay more in required distributions than we earn for book purposes. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 3016 the Company did not distribute in excess of net investment income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company made $122,724 and $298,455 of distributions in excess of net
investment income, respectively.  

We have adopted an  opt in  distribution reinvestment plan for our stockholders. As a
result, if we declare a cash distribution, our stockholders will receive distributions in cash unless they specifically  opt in  to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares
of our common stock. However, certain state authorities or regulators may impose restrictions from time to time that may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan. Although distributions paid
in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our dividend reinvestment plan will not receive any
corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
made the following distributions:      

1   
 For the current quarter, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital.    

3   
 Beginning in May 2016, we began declaring dividends weekly.      For the year ended December 31,
2015, the Company made the following distributions:      

Related Party Transactions   
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following:  

We entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. James Dondero, our president, controls the Adviser by virtue of his control of its general partner, NexPoint Advisors GP, LLC.    

Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement, the Adviser has agreed to waive fees or, if necessary, reimburse us to limit certain expenses to 1.0% of the quarter-end value of our gross assets.    

The Adviser provides us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations pursuant to the Administration Agreement.    

The Adviser has entered into an agreement with Highland, its affiliate, pursuant to which Highland makes available to the Adviser experienced investment professionals and other resources of Highland and its affiliates.

The dealer manager for our continuous public offering, Highland Capital Funds Distributor, Inc., is an affiliate of the Adviser.        

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Adviser committed $1,403,000 to the Company to voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses sustained. Had these payments not been made, the NAV as of December 31,
2015 would have been lower. These payments are shown in the Statement of Operations as net increase from amounts committed by affiliates and are not recoupable.        

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Adviser committed $872,000 to the Company to voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses sustained. Cumulatively since inception, the Adviser has committed
$2,275,000 to voluntarily reimburse the Company for such losses. Had these payments not been made, the NAV as of September 30, 2016 would have been lower. These payments are shown in the Statement of Operations as net increase from amounts committed
by affiliates and are not recoupable.      The Adviser and its affiliates also sponsor, or manage, and may in the future sponsor
or manage, other investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles (together referred to as  accounts ) that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. The Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an
investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other accounts. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, and pursuant to the Adviser s allocation policy, the Adviser or its
affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other accounts. We do not intend to make any investments if they are not permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, or if they are
inconsistent with the Adviser s allocation procedures.    In addition, we and the Adviser have adopted a formal code of ethics that
governs the conduct of our and the Adviser s officers, directors and employees. Our officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and the Delaware General Corporations Law.  
  Critical Accounting Policies     The
preparation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. We have identified the following as critical accounting policies.  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
 We will value our investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure, or ASC Topic 820. ASC Topic 820 defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value. ASC Topic 820 s definition of fair value focuses on exit price in the principal, or most advantageous,
market and prioritizes the use of market-based inputs over entity-specific inputs within a measurement of fair value.    Once fully ramped,
the portfolio will consist primarily of debt investments and equity investments that are fair valued. The portion of our portfolio that receives values from independent third parties are valued at their mid quotations obtained from unaffiliated
market makers, other financial institutions that trade in similar investments or based on prices provided by independent third party pricing services. For investments where there are no available bid quotations, fair value is derived using
proprietary models that consider the analyses of independent valuation agents as well as credit risk, liquidity, market credit spreads, and other applicable factors for similar transactions.  
 Due to the nature of our strategy once fully ramped, our portfolio will include relatively illiquid investments that are privately held.
Valuations of privately held investments are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates. The determination of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready
market for these investments existed. Our net asset value could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher or lower than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of
such investments.    The Board is ultimately and solely responsible for determining the fair value of the portfolio investments that are not
publicly traded, whose market prices are not readily available on a quarterly basis in good faith or any other situation where portfolio investments require a fair value determination.  
 The valuation process is conducted at the end of each fiscal quarter, with a portion of our valuations of portfolio companies without market
quotations subject to review by independent valuation firms each quarter. When an external event with respect to one of our portfolio companies, such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we expect to use the
pricing indicated by such external event to corroborate our valuation.    With respect to investments for which market quotations are not
readily available, the Board undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below:      

Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by investment professionals of our investment adviser responsible for credit monitoring.    

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management and our investment adviser.        

The audit committee of the Board reviews these preliminary valuations.        

At least once each quarter, the valuations for approximately one quarter of the portfolio investments that have been fair valued are reviewed by an independent valuation firm such that, over the course of a year, each
material portfolio investment that has been fair valued shall have been reviewed by an independent valuation firm at least once.        

The Board discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith.    

As of September 30, 2016 the Company held the following investments for which a sufficient level
of current, reliable market quotations were not available:      
     Organization Costs    
 Organization costs include the cost of incorporation, such as the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to our organization and are
paid by the Adviser, are expensed as we raise proceeds and become payable to the Adviser. Organization costs, together with offering costs, are limited to 1% of total gross proceeds raised in this offering and are not due and payable to the Adviser
to the extent they exceed that amount. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Adviser did not incur or pay organization costs on our behalf. For the period from our
inception to September 30, 2016, the Adviser incurred and paid organization costs of $33,392 on our behalf. Currently, the total amount of organization and offering costs exceeds 1% of total proceeds raised. To the extent we are unable to raise
sufficient capital such that the expenses paid by the Adviser on our behalf are more than 1% of total proceeds at the end of this offering, the Adviser will forfeit the right to reimbursement of such costs that exceed 1% of total proceeds.  
   Offering Costs      Our offering costs
include legal fees, promotional costs and other costs pertaining to the public offering of our shares of common stock. Through December 31, 2015, offering costs were paid by the Adviser and charged against capital in excess of par value on the
Statements of Assets and Liabilities as the gross proceeds were raised and the costs became payable to the Adviser. After December 31, 2015, offering costs that become payable are now properly presented as capitalized and amortized to expense over
one year. Offering costs together with organization costs, are limited to 1% of total gross proceeds raised and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the
Adviser incurred and paid offering costs of $275,719, and $732,086, respectively, on our behalf. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Adviser incurred and paid offering costs of $109,185 and $535,515, respectively, on our
behalf. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $86,011 of offering costs on the Statements of Changes in Net Assets, which was payable to the Adviser. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
capitalized $117,192 and $317,141, respectively, of offering costs, which will be amortized over one year. Of this amount, $64,887 and $104,135, respectively, was amortized to expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and
$213,006 remains on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016.      Investment Transactions and Related Investment Income and
Expense      We record our investment transactions on a trade date basis, which is the date when we have determined that all material
terms have been defined for the transactions. These transactions could possibly settle on a subsequent date depending on the transaction type. All related revenue and expenses attributable to these transactions are reflected on the Statements of
Operations commencing on the trade date unless otherwise specified by the transaction documents. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are recorded on the specific identification method. We accrue interest income if we expect that
ultimately we will be able to collect it. Generally, when an interest payment default occurs on a loan in our portfolio, or if our management otherwise believes that the issuer of the loan will not be able to service the loan and other obligations,
we place the loan on non-accrual status and will cease recognizing interest income on that loan until all principal and interest is current through payment or until a restructuring occurs, such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible.
However, we remain contractually entitled to this interest. We may make exceptions to this policy if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. Accrued interest is written off when it becomes probable that such
interest will not be collected and the amount of uncollectible interest can be reasonably estimated. We also accrue for delayed compensation, which is a pricing adjustment payable by the parties to a secondary loan trade that closes late, intended
to assure that neither party derives an economic advantage from the delay. Delayed compensation begins calculating at  

the loan s specific coupon rate if a trade hasn t settled within 7 business days of trading. Original issue discounts, market discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized using the
effective interest method as interest income, and will be accreted or amortized over the maturity period of the investments. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. Dividend income, if any, will be
recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amount.    We may have investments in our portfolio that contain
a PIK interest provision. Any PIK interest will be added to the principal balance of such investments and is recorded as income, if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is collectible. In order to qualify for the special
tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, substantially all of our income (including PIK interest) must be distributed to stockholders in the form of dividends, even if we have not collected any cash.  
 Interest expense is recorded on an accrual basis. Certain expenses related to legal and tax consultation, due diligence, rating fees,
valuation expenses and independent collateral appraisals may arise when we make certain investments.     Loan Origination, Facility, Commitment and
Amendment Fees      We may receive fees in addition to interest income from loans during the life of the investment. We may receive
origination fees upon the origination of an investment. These origination fees are initially deferred and deducted from the cost basis of the investment and subsequently accreted into income over the term of the loan. We may receive facility,
commitment and amendment fees, which are paid to us on an ongoing basis. Facility fees, sometimes referred to as asset management fees, are accrued as a percentage periodic fee on the base amount (either the funded facility amount or the committed
principal amount). Commitment fees are based upon the undrawn portion committed by us and are recorded on an accrual basis. Amendment fees are paid in connection with loan amendments and waivers and are accounted for upon completion of the
amendments or waivers, generally when such fees are receivable. Any such fees are included in other income on the Statements of Operations.      Net
Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation      We measure net realized gains or losses by the
difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment
penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation will reflect the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or
losses are realized.      U.S. Federal Income Taxes    
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intend each year to qualify and be eligible to be treated as such. As
a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any investment company taxable income or net capital gains that we distribute as dividends to our stockholders. In order to qualify for the special tax treatment
accorded RICs and their shareholders, we must meet certain gross income, diversification, and distribution requirements.     Recent Accounting
Pronouncements      The Company generally intends to take advantage of the extended transition period available to emerging growth
companies to comply with new or revised accounting standards until those standards are applicable to private companies.    In February 2015,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. This update focuses on the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they
should consolidate certain legal entities. For public entities this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, this update will be effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 31, 2016, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of this new guidance on its financial position.  
 In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07, Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its
Equivalent). The guidance removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all  

investments for which fair value is measured using the NAV per share practical expedient. Sufficient information must be provided to permit reconciliation of the fair value of assets categorized
within the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. For public entities this guidance is required to be presented for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other
entities, this update is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016. Management is currently evaluating the implication, if any, of the additional disclosure requirements and its impact on the Company s financial
statements.    In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-01, Financial Instruments (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition
and measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities. The amendments in this update makes improvements to the requirements for accounting for equity investments and simplifying the impairment assessment of equity investments. For public
entities this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. For all other entities, this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2018, and for interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial position.    In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments. The amendments in this update clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent
call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. For public entities this update will be effective for interim periods and fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016. For all other entities, this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this new guidance on its financial position.    In August, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15, Statement of
Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Receipts and Cash Payments. The amendments in this update address eight specific issues, where there has been diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and
classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230. For public entities this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, this update
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial position.  

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       We are subject to financial
market risks, most significantly changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2015, 63% (based on fair value) of the investments in our portfolio had floating interest rates, and the credit facility agreement entered into with State Street
Bank on January 6, 2015 also has a floating rate structure. These investments are usually based on a floating LIBOR and typically have interest rate reset provisions that adjust applicable interest rates under such loans to current market rates
on a quarterly basis. Our credit facility is based on the greater of the following scenarios: (1) the higher of (i) the federal funds rate plus 1.25% per annum and (ii) the daily one-month London Interbank Offered Rate
( LIBOR ) plus 1.25% per annum or (2) one-, two- or three-month LIBOR plus 1.15% per annum.    A rise in the
general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, especially to the extent that we predominantly hold variable-rate investments, and to declines in the value of any fixed-rate
investments we hold. To the extent that a majority of our investments may be in variable-rate investments, an increase in interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the hurdle rate for the income incentive fee payable to the
Adviser and may result in a substantial increase in our net investment income, and also to the amount of incentive fees payable to our investment adviser with respect to our increasing pre-incentive fee net investment income.  

Assuming that the Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were to remain
constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates.  
   
   Although we believe that this analysis is indicative of our existing sensitivity to interest rate changes, it
does not adjust for changes in the credit market, credit quality, the size and composition of the assets in our portfolio and other business developments, including borrowing under future credit facilities or other borrowing. Accordingly, we can
offer no assurances that actual results would not differ materially from the analysis above.    We may in the future hedge against interest
rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps, futures, options and forward contracts to the limited extent permitted under the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. While hedging activities may insulate us
against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the investments in our portfolio with fixed interest rates.  

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures          As of the period covered by this report,
we, including our president and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on our evaluation, our
management, including our president and chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in timely alerting management, including our president and chief financial officer, of material information about
us required to be included in our periodic SEC filings. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, are based upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events and can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. There has not been any change in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  

Part II   Other Information   

Item 1:  
  Legal Proceedings.       Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of our
operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, we are currently not a party to any pending material legal proceedings.      

Item 1A:  
  Risk Factors.       None.      

Item 2:  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       None.  

Item 3:  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       None.  

Item 4:  
  Mine Safety Disclosures.       None.  

Item 5:  
  Other Information.       None.  

Item 6:  
  Exhibits         

* 
 Filed herewith    

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

NEXPOINT CAPITAL, INC.   

Date: November 9 , 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ James Dondero   

Name: 
   
 James Dondero  

Title: 
   
 President (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Brian Mitts   

Name: 
   
 Brian Mitts  

Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d487675dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer    
   of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)    
 I, James Dondero, President, certify that:  
 1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NexPoint Capital, Inc.;  
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ James Dondero   
 
 James Dondero  
 
 President  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d487675dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer    
   of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)    
 I, Brian Mitts, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:  
 1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NexPoint Capital, Inc.;  
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Brian Mitts   
 
 Brian Mitts  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d487675dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NexPoint Capital, Inc. (the  Company ), for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, James Dondero and Brian Mitts, President and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ James Dondero   

James Dondero    President (Principal Executive
Officer)    

/s/ Brian Mitts   

Brian Mitts    Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

