<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1163609_0001163609-16-000055_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3231926</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61929</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>221035</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>977239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1388911</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>519719</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001163609-16-000055.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109121735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001163609-16-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTH DAKOTA SOYBEAN PROCESSORS LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001163609
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FATS & OILS [2070]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50253
		FILM NUMBER:		161983326

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CASPIAN AVE.
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 500
		CITY:			VOLGA
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6056279240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CASPIAN AVE.
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 500
		CITY:			VOLGA
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOYBEAN PROCESSORS LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001163609-16-000055.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 sdsp2016-09x3010q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    

For the transition period from                to 
   COMMISSION FILE NO. 000-50253 
     
               South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes     x       No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   x     Yes                 No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                             Large Accelerated Filer 
            Accelerated Filer 
    x       Non-Accelerated Filer 
           Smaller Reporting Company 

(do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  
         Yes         x      No 
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 
  PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS 
  Check whether the registrant filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.     Yes          No       
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS 
  State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: On   November 9, 2016  , the registrant had 30,419,000 capital units outstanding. 

Table of Contents   

Page 

Part I.  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 

Item I.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    14 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    19 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    20 

Part II.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    20 

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    20 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    20 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    20 

Item 3.  
     Defaults among Senior Securities  
    21 

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    21 

Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    21 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    21 

Signatures  
      
    21 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.    Financial Statements 
  South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Condensed Financial Statements 
  September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  
   3 

South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Condensed Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
  
   4 

South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
  For the   Three and Nine  -Month Periods Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
  
   5 

South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
  For the   Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016   and   2015    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  
  
   6 

South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

Note 1 -         Principal Activity and Significant Accounting Policies 
  The unaudited condensed financial statements contained herein have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC (the  Company ,  LLC ,  we ,  our , or  us ) believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. 
  In the opinion of management, all normal recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included in the accompanying condensed financial statements. The results of operations and cash flows for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year due in part to the seasonal nature of some of the Company s businesses. The balance sheet data as of   December 31, 2015   has been derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
  These statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2016. 
  Use of estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  Revenue is recognized when the title to the related products is transferred to the customer. When a sales contract has delivery terms of  FOB Shipping Point , revenue is recognized when the products are shipped. For those sales contracts with delivery terms of  FOB Destination , revenue is not recognized until the products are delivered to the agreed-upon location. Revenues are presented net of discounts and sales allowances. 
  Recent accounting pronouncements 
  The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements. The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.  The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP.  The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard but does not anticipate a material impact to its financial statements. 
  The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11 (Inventory: Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory), which requires an entity to measure inventory within the scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard but does not anticipate a material impact to its financial statements. 
  FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 (Leases). The amendments in this ASU revise the accounting related to lessee accounting. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases. The new lease guidance also simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2019 and should be applied through a modified retrospective transition approach for  
  
   7 

    South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. Management has not yet assessed the impact, if any, of adopting this standard. 
  FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15 (Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments). The ASU, which addresses eight specific classification issues, is intended to reduce diversity in current practice regarding the manner in which certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the cash flow statement. The standard update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is permitted, including in an interim period. Management is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this update but does not anticipate a material impact to its financial statements. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year's financial statements to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations or members' equity. 
   
  Note 2 -         Accounts Receivable 
    
  Accounts receivable are considered past due when payments are not received on a timely basis in accordance with the Company s credit terms, which is generally 30 days from invoice date. Accounts considered uncollectible are written off. The Company s estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical experience, its evaluation of the current status of receivables, and unusual circumstances, if any. 
    
  The following table presents the aging analysis of trade receivables as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following table provides information regarding the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

In general, cash is applied to the oldest outstanding invoice first, unless payment is for a specified invoice.  The Company, on a case by case basis, may charge a late fee of 1  % per month on past due receivables. 

8 

South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

Note 3 -           Inventories 
    
  The Company s inventories consist of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Finished goods and raw materials are valued at estimated market value, which approximates net realizable value. In addition, futures and option contracts are marked to market through cost of revenues, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in the above inventory amounts. Supplies and other inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined by the first-in, first-out method, or market. 
   
  Note 4 -         Investments in Cooperatives 
    
  The Company s investments in cooperatives consist of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Note 5 -         Convertible Notes Receivable 
  On January 12, 2016, the Company purchased a secured convertible promissory note from Prairie AquaTech, LLC with a face amount of   $750,000  .  Interest accrues on the note at the rate of   10%   per annum and will be due with the principal on   December 31, 2017   unless the note is converted earlier.  
  On July 17, 2016 and August 31, 2016, the Company purchased two additional secured convertible promissory notes from Prairie AquaTech totaling   $675,000  . Interest accrues on those notes at the rate of   15%   per annum and will be due with the principal on   December 31, 2017   unless the notes are converted earlier. Prairie AquaTech granted the Company   20%   warrant coverage on these two notes. The warrants, which expire on July 15, 2026, have an exercise price of   $0.01   per capital unit. The quantity of capital units the Company is entitled to receive upon exercising their option on their warrants is determined by dividing   135,000   by the pre-money valuation of Prairie AquaTech, excluding a company option pool, before its next round of financing. 
  The principal amounts on all three notes and, at the option of the Company, all accrued interest will automatically convert into preferred capital units in Prairie AquaTech when it closes its next preferred equity financing prior to the due date of the notes.  The quantity of capital units that the Company is entitled to receive upon such conversion is be determined by dividing the outstanding principal amount and any accrued interest on this note by   11.00  . The notes are secured by substantially all assets including intellectual property. 
  
   9 

South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

Note 6 -         Property and Equipment 
    
  The following is a summary of the Company's property and equipment at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Depreciation of property and equipment was   $2,380,333   and   $1,961,708   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Note 7 -         Note Payable   Seasonal Loan 
  The Company has entered into a revolving credit agreement with CoBank which expires   December 1, 2016  . Under this agreement, the Company may borrow up   $10 million   to finance inventory and accounts receivable.  Interest accrues at a variable rate (  2.73%   at   September 30, 2016  ). Advances on the revolving credit agreement are secured and limited to qualifying inventory and accounts receivable, net of any accrued commodity purchases. There were   no   advances outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The remaining  funds available to borrow under the terms of the revolving credit agreement were   $10.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Note 8 -         Long-Term Debt 
    
  The following is a summary of the Company's long-term debt at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The Company entered into an agreement as of July 15, 2015 with CoBank to amend and restate its Master Loan Agreement (MLA), which includes both the revolving term and seasonal loans. Under the terms and conditions of the MLA, CoBank agreed to make advances to the Company for up to   $10,000,000   on the revolving term loan. The available commitment decreases in scheduled periodic increments of   $1,250,000   every six months starting March 20, 2017 until maturity on   September 20, 2020  . The Company pays a   0.40%   annual commitment fee on any funds not borrowed.  The principal balance outstanding on the revolving term loan was   $0   and   $0   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The remaining commitments available to borrow on the revolving term loan are approximately   $10.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   10 

    South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

Under this agreement, the Company is subject to compliance with standard financial covenants and the maintenance of certain financial ratios. The Company was in compliance with all covenants and conditions with CoBank as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Effective March 1, 2013, the State of South Dakota Department of Transportation agreed to loan the Brookings County Regional Railway Authority   $964,070   for purposes of making improvements to the railway infrastructure near the Company s soybean processing facility in Volga, South Dakota. In consideration of this secured loan, the Company agreed to provide a guarantee to the State of South Dakota Department of Transportation for the full amount of the loan, plus interest. This guaranty was converted into a direct obligation of the Company s on October 16, 2013, when the Company received the entire loan proceeds and assumed responsibility for paying the annual principal and interest payments. 
    
  The following are minimum principal payments on long-term debt obligations for the twelve-month periods ended   September 30  : 

Note 9 -        Member Distribution 
    
  On   January 19, 2016  , the Company s Board of Managers approved a cash distribution of approximately   $15.0 million  , or   49.5    per capital unit. The distribution was paid in accordance with the Company s operating agreement and distribution policy on   February 8, 2016  . 

Note 10 -         Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into contractual arrangements as a means of managing exposure to changes in commodity prices. The Company s derivative instruments primarily consist of commodity futures, options and forward contracts. Although these contracts may be effective economic hedges of specified risks, they are not designated as, nor accounted for, as hedging instruments. These contracts are recorded in inventory on the Company s condensed balance sheets at fair value as discussed in Note 11, Fair Value of Financial Instruments. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the value of the Company s open futures, options and forward contracts was approximately   $1,126,178   and   $2,211,112  , respectively. 

11 

    South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

During the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivative transactions were recognized in the condensed statement of operations as follows: 

The Company recorded gains (losses) of   $4,186,987   and   $719,174   in cost of goods sold related to its commodity derivative instruments for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Note 11 -       Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   defines fair value, establishes a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically, this guidance establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. The three levels of hierarchy and examples are as follows: 
             
    Level 1   Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed on the New York Stock Exchange and commodity derivative contracts listed on the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ). 
                
    Level 2   Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts, or priced with models using highly observable inputs, such as commodity prices using forward future prices. 
                
    Level 3   Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights. 
     
   12 

    South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC 
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

The following tables set forth financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value in the condensed balance sheets and the respective levels to which fair value measurements are classified within the fair value hierarchy as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The Company considers the carrying amount of significant classes of financial instruments on the balance sheets, including cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, to be reasonable estimates of fair value due to their length or maturity. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt approximates the carrying value. The interest rates on the long-term debt are similar to rates the Company would be able to obtain currently in the market. 
  The Company enters into various commodity derivative instruments, including futures, options, swaps and other agreements. The fair value of the Company s commodity derivatives is determined using unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments on the CBOT. The Company estimates the fair market value of their finished goods and raw materials inventories using the market price quotations of similar forward future contracts listed on the CBOT and adjusts for the local market adjustments derived from other grain terminals in our area. 
  The Company has patronage investments in other cooperatives and common stock in a privately held entity. There is no market for their patronage credits or the entity s common shares, and it is impracticable to estimate fair value of the Company s investments. These investments are carried on the balance sheet at original cost plus the amount of patronage earnings allocated to the Company, less any cash distributions received. 
   
  Note 12 -       Subsequent Event 
  The Company evaluated all of its activities and concluded that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in its financial statements or disclosed in the notes to its financial statements. 

13 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  The information in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , (including reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC  or  Commission ), contains  forward-looking statements  that deal with future results, expectations, plans and performance, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Forward-looking statements may include statements which use words such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   predict,   hope,   will,   should,   could,   may,   future,   potential,  or the negatives of these words, and all similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual results or actual business or other conditions may differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are identified in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  We are not under any duty to update the forward-looking statements contained in this report, nor do we guarantee future results or performance or what future business conditions will be like. We caution you not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. 
  Executive Overview and Summary 
  We recorded a net income of $10.0 million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to a net income of $14.2 million during the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in processing margins based on two primary factors. First, demand for soybean meal was sluggish during the third quarter of 2016. A continued drop in hog prices encouraged many producers to use less expensive feed sources, such as canola meal and distillers grain, a by-product of the ethanol industry. Second, while export sales of soybean meal are above a five-year historical average, they're lower than the same quarter of last year. Demand for non-GMO soybean meal processed out of our Miller plant also operated at about half of that plant's capacity. Unlike soybean meal, domestic demand for soybean oil remained steady during the quarter as demand for soybean oil from the biodiesel sector increased from the second quarter and rose sharply from the same quarter of last year.  Soybean harvest started near the end of September. 
  Looking ahead, we anticipate profit margins to be at near historical averages during the fourth quarter but then come under some pressure during the first quarter of 2017. Demand for soybean oil from the biodiesel sector is expected to remain strong heading into the fourth quarter but then soften during the subsequent quarter. Yet, we do expect to benefit from a favorable harvest as many producers are reporting strong yields and comparable soybean oil and protein content to 2015. The large crop should keep us well supplied and allow us in turn to keep capacity utilization high. 
  
   14 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Comparison of the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    

Revenue     Revenue increased $8.9 million, or 9.7%, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The increase in revenues is primarily due to a 7.9% increase in the quantity of soybeans processed, which increased the sales volume of our soybean products. This increase in production is largely due to the addition of our crushing facility near Miller, South Dakota, which started operating during the second quarter of 2015, and had operated at a reduced capacity until only recently. 
  Gross Profit/Loss     Gross profit decreased $1.4 million, or 24.5%, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease in gross profit is primarily due to a decrease in demand for soybean meal along with an increase in production expenses during the third quarter of 2016. As a result of hog prices continuing to decrease during the three months ended September 30, 2016, many hog producers began to use less expenive feed sources, such as canola meal and distillers grain. P  roduction expenses also increased $0.7 million due to the increase in quantity of soybeans processed at our new facility near Miller, South Dakota. 
  Operating Expenses     Administrative expenses, including all selling, general and administrative expenses, remained relatively unchanged for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Interest Expense     Interest expense decreased $27,000, or 23.5%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in interest expense is due primarily to decreased debt levels, which resulted from reductions of inventory quantities and commodity prices.  The average debt level during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $17.7 million, compared to $14.6 million for the same period in 2015. 
  Other Non-Operating Income     Other non-operating income, including patronage dividend income, remained relatively unchanged for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Net Income/Loss     During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we generated a net income of $3.8 million, compared to $5.3 million for the same period in 2015. The $1.5 million decrease in net income is primarily attributable to a decrease in gross profit associated with decreased demand for soybean meal along with an increase in production expenses. 
  
   15 

Comparison of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    

Revenue     Revenue increased $1.5 million, or 0.5%, for the   nine  -month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The increase in revenues is primarily due to an 8.7% increase in the quantity of soybeans processed, which increased the sales volume of our soybean products. This increase in production is largely due to the addition of our crushing facility near Miller, South Dakota, which started operating during the second quarter of 2015. Partially offsetting this increase in revenue was a decrease in the sales price of all our soybean products (meal, oil and hulls). The decrease in sales price is primarily due to an increase in the supply of soybeans following an improved harvest last fall. 
  Gross Profit/Loss     Gross profit decreased $4.3 million, or 28.2%, for the   nine  -month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease in gross profit is primarily due to a weakened demand for soybean meal and an increase in production costs.  Weak demand resulted from competition from South America, additional production in the U.S. due to a plentiful soybean supply, and the availability of less expensive feed sources such as canola meal and distillers grains. Production expenses increased $1.4 million due primarily to the increase in quantity of soybeans processed at our new facility near Miller, South Dakota. 
  Operating Expenses     Administrative expenses, including all selling, general and administrative expenses, increased $95,000, or 3.7%, for the   nine  -month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The increase is mostly due to an increase in professional fees. 
  Interest Expense     Interest expense decreased $136,000, or 33.7%, during the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in interest expense is due primarily to decreased debt levels, which resulted from reductions of inventory quantities and commodity prices. The average debt level during the   nine  -month period ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $16.0 million, compared to $12.8 million for the same period in 2015. 
  Other Non-Operating Income     Other non-operating income, including patronage dividend income, remained relatively unchanged during the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Net Income/Loss     During the   nine  -month period ended September 30, 2016, we generated a net income of $10.0 million, compared to $14.2 million for the same period in 2015. The $4.2 million decrease in net income is primarily attributable to a decrease in gross profit associated with a deteriorating demand for soybean meal along with an increase in production expenses. 
   
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by operations and borrowings under our two lines of credit which are discussed below under  Indebtedness.  On   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of approximately $19.7 million and $19.3 million, respectively. While working capital was positively affected by approximately $18.7 million in net income and $5.9 million in net proceeds from long-term debt since September 30, 2015, it was partially offset by a $15.0 million distribution to members, $5.2 million in purchases of property and equipment, and $1.4 million purchase of convertible notes receivable during that same period. Based on our current operating plans, we believe that we will be able to fund our needs for the foreseeable future from cash from operations and revolving lines of credit. 
  
   16 

The following is a summary of our cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities for each of the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Cash Flows Provided By Operations 
  The $12.4 million decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities is attributed to a $20.6 million change in inventory and a $4.2 million decrease in net income during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in 2015. During the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , inventory increased by approximately $12.5 million, compared to an $8.1 million decrease during the same period in   2015  . The change in inventory is attributable to the timing of the soybean harvest. The majority of the soybeans harvested in 2016 occurred prior to September 30th (the last day of the quarter); whereas the majority of soybeans harvested in 2015 was completed after September 30th.  This change in cash flows from inventory and net income was partially offset by an $11.4 million change in margin deposits during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Cash Flows Used For Investing Activities 
  The $1.9 million increase in cash flows used for investing activities is primarily due to the purchase of $1.4 million of convertible notes receivable during the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $0 during the same period in 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we purchased three convertible notes totaling $1,425,000 from Prairie AquaTech, LLC, a start-up company engaged in the research and development of fish food derived from agriculture products like soybeans. Interest accrues on the notes at rates ranging from 10-15% per annum. The notes mature on December 31, 2017 unless converted earlier into a preferred class of equity. 
  Cash Flows Used For Financing Activities 
  The $3.0 million decrease in cash flows used for financing activities is principally due to a change in net proceeds on borrowings related to the timing of the soybean harvests in 2016 and 2015.  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   net proceeds on borrowings increased $1.8 million, compared to a $1.1 million decrease during the same period in 2015. 
  Indebtedness 
  We have two lines of credit with CoBank, our primary lender, to meet the short and long-term needs of our operations. The first credit line is a revolving long-term loan. Under the terms of this loan, we may borrow funds as needed up to the credit line maximum, or $10.0 million, and then pay down the principal whenever excess cash is available. Repaid amounts may be borrowed up to the available credit line.  Beginning on March 20, 2017, the available credit line is reduced by $1.25 million every six months until the credit line s maturity on September 20, 2020. We pay a 0.40% annual commitment fee on any funds not borrowed. There were no advances outstanding on the revolving term loan as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Under this loan, there were   $10.0 million   in additional funds available to borrow as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The second credit line is a revolving working capital (seasonal) loan that matures on December 1, 2016. The primary purpose of this loan is to finance inventory and receivables. The maximum available to borrow under this credit line was $10 million. Borrowing base reports and financial statements are required monthly to justify the balance borrowed on this line. We pay a 0.20% annual commitment fee on any funds not borrowed; however, we have the option to reduce the credit line during any given commitment period listed in the agreement to avoid the commitment fee. There were no advances outstanding on the seasonal loan as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Under this loan, there were   $10.0 million   in available funds to borrow as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Both loans with CoBank are set up with a variable rate option. The variable rate is set by CoBank and changes weekly on the first business day of each week. We also have a fixed rate option on both loans allowing us to fix rates for any period between one day and the entire commitment period. The annual interest rate on the revolving term loan is  
  
   17 

2.98%   and   2.88%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the interest rate on the seasonal loan is   2.73%   and   2.63%  , respectively. We were in compliance with all covenants and conditions under the loans as of   September 30, 2016   and the date of this filing. 
  On March 1, 2013, the State of South Dakota Department of Transportation agreed to loan the Brookings County Regional Railway Authority a sum of $964,070 for purposes of making improvements to the railway infrastructure near our soybean processing facility in Volga, South Dakota. In consideration of this secured loan, we agreed to provide a guarantee to the State of South Dakota Department of Transportation for the full amount of the loan, plus 2% interest. This guarantee was converted into a direct debt obligation of ours on October 16, 2013, when we received the $964,070 in loan proceeds and assumed responsibility for the loan's annual principal and interest payments of $75,500 which began on June 1, 2014. The note payable matures on June 1, 2020. The principal balance outstanding on this loan was   $785,376   and   $845,440   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  OFF BALANCE SHEET FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 
  Except as described below, we do not utilize variable interest entities or other off-balance sheet financial arrangements. 
  Lease Commitments 
  We have commitments under various operating leases for rail cars, various types of vehicles, and lab and office equipment. Our most significant lease commitments are for the rail cars we use to distribute our products. We have a number of long-term leases for hopper rail cars and oil tank cars with American Railcar Leasing, FRS 1, GATX Corporation, Trinity Capital and Wells Fargo Rail. Total lease expenses under these arrangements are approximately $2.3 million and $2.0 million for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  In addition to rail car leases, we have several operating leases for various equipment and storage facilities. Total lease expense under these arrangements are $52,000 and $86,000 for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Some of our leases include purchase options, none of which, however, are for a value less than fair market value at the end of the lease. 
   
  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  See Note 1 of our Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1, for a discussion on the impact, if any, of the recently pronounced accounting standards. 
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
  Preparation of our financial statements requires estimates and judgments to be made that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported. Such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. We continually evaluate these estimates based on historical experience and other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
  The difficulty in applying these policies arises from the assumptions, estimates, and judgments that have to be made currently about matters that are inherently uncertain, such as future economic conditions, operating results and valuations as well as management intentions. As the difficulty increases, the level of precision decreases, meaning that actual results can and probably will be different from those currently estimated. 
  Of the significant accounting policies described in the notes to the financial statements, we believe that the following may involve a higher degree of estimates, judgments, and complexity: 
  Commitments and Contingencies 
  Contingencies, by their nature relate to uncertainties that require management to exercise judgment both in assessing the likelihood that a liability has been incurred, as well as in estimating the amount of the potential expense. In conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S, we accrue an expense when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. 
  
   18 

Inventory Valuation 
  We account for our inventories at estimated net realizable market value. These inventories are agricultural commodities that are freely traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant further processing, and have predictable and insignificant costs of disposal. We derive our estimates from local market prices determined by grain terminals in our area. Processed product price estimates are determined by the ending sales contract price. This price is determined by the closing price on the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), net of the local basis, for the last two business days of the period and the first business day of the subsequent period. Changes in the market values of these inventories are recognized as a component of cost of goods sold. 
  Long-Lived Assets 
  Depreciation and amortization of our property, plant and equipment is provided on the straight-lined method by charges to operations at rates based upon the expected useful lives of individual or groups of assets. Economic circumstances or other factors may cause management s estimates of expected useful lives to differ from actual. 
  Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and investments are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair market value based on the best information available. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future cash flows and may differ from actual. 
  We evaluate the recoverability of identifiable intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to: (1) a significant decrease in the market value of an asset, (2) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or (3) an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition of an asset. We measure the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with it. Should the sum of the expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value of the asset being evaluated, an impairment loss would be recognized. The impairment loss would be calculated as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeded its fair value. The fair value is measured based on quoted market prices, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including the discounted value of estimated future cash flows. The evaluation of asset impairment requires us to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. 
  Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  We minimize the effects of changes in the price of agricultural commodities by using exchange-traded futures and options contracts to minimize our net positions in these inventories and contracts. We account for changes in market value on exchange-traded futures and option contracts, as well as our forward purchase and sales contracts, using quoted exchange prices for identical instruments. Changes in the market value of all these contracts are recognized in earnings as a component of cost of goods sold. 
   
  Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Commodities Risk   Risk Management.   To reduce the price change risks associated with holding fixed price commodity positions, we generally take opposite and offsetting positions by entering into commodity futures contracts (either a straight or options futures contract) on a regulated commodity futures exchange, the CBOT. While hedging activities reduce the risk of loss from changing market prices, such activities also limit the gain potential which otherwise could result from these significant fluctuations in market prices. Our policy is generally to maintain a hedged position within limits, but we can be long or short at any time. Our profitability is primarily derived from margins on soybeans processed, not from hedging transactions. We do not anticipate that our hedging activity will have a significant impact on future operating results or liquidity. Hedging arrangements do not protect against nonperformance of a cash contract. 
  At any one time, our inventory and purchase contracts for delivery to our facility may be substantial. We have risk management policies and procedures that include net position limits. They are defined by commodity, and include both trader and management limits. This policy and procedure triggers a review by management when any trader is outside of position limits. The position limits are reviewed at least annually with the board of managers. We monitor current market conditions and may expand or reduce the limits in response to changes in those conditions. 
  
   19 

An adverse change in market prices would not materially affect our profitability since we generally take opposite and offsetting positions by entering into commodity futures and forward contracts as economic hedges of price risk. 
  Foreign Currency Risk.   We conduct essentially all of our business in U.S. dollars and have minimal direct risk regarding foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency fluctuations do, however, impact the ability of foreign buyers to purchase U.S. agricultural products and the competitiveness of and demand for U.S. agricultural products compared to the same products offered by foreign suppliers. 
  An adverse change in market prices would not materially affect our profitability since we generally take opposite and offsetting positions by entering into commodity futures and forward contracts as economic hedges of price risk. 
  Interest Rate Risk.   We manage exposure to interest rate changes by using variable rate loan agreements with fixed rate options. Long-term loan agreements can utilize the fixed option through maturity; however, the revolving ability to pay down and borrow back would be eliminated once the funds were fixed. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $785,376   in fixed rate debt and $20 million of variable rate debt available to borrow. Interest rate changes impact the amount of our interest payments and, therefore, our future earnings and cash flows. Assuming other variables remain constant, a one percentage point (1%) increase in interest rates on our variable rate debt could have an estimated impact on profitability of approximately $200,000 per year. 
   
  Item 4.    Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.   There were no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.    Legal Proceedings. 
  From time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we may be named as a defendant in legal proceedings related to various issues, including without limitation, workers  compensation claims, tort claims, or contractual dispute. We carry insurance that provides protection against general commercial liability claims, claims against our directors, officer and employees, business interruption, automobile liability, and workers' compensation. Except for the event listed below, we are not currently involved in any material legal proceedings are not aware of any potential claims. 
  On November 5, 2015, an incident occurred at our facility in Volga, South Dakota which resulted in the death of an outside contractor. The contractor was in the process of installing a catwalk in the vicinity of an oil storage tank when the incident occurred. No other injuries were reported, and property damage from the accident was limited to the tank and surrounding piping. We have reported the accident to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA"), which is conducting an investigation. No civil lawsuit has been filed. We have notified our respective insurance carriers. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  . 
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in Item 1A (Part I) of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
  None. 
  
   20 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  None. 
   
  Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures. 
  None. 
   
  Item 5.    Other Information. 
  None. 
   
  Item 6.    Exhibits. 
  See Exhibit Index. 
   
  SIGNATURES 
  In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUTH DAKOTA SOYBEAN PROCESSORS, LLC 

Dated: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Thomas Kersting 

Thomas Kersting, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Mark Hyde 

Mark Hyde, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

21 

EXHIBIT INDEX TO 
  FORM 10-Q 
  OF SOUTH DAKOTA SOYBEAN PROCESSORS, LLC 

____________________________________________________________________________ 
    
  (1) Incorporated by reference from Appendix B to the information statement/prospectus filed as a part of the issuer s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-75804). 
  (2) Incorporated by reference from the same numbered exhibit to the issuer s Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2014. 
  (3) Incorporated by reference from the same numbered exhibit to the issuer s Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2002. 
  (4) Incorporated by reference from the same numbered exhibit to the issuer s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-75804). 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification 
    
  I, Thomas Kersting, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed the report on Form 10-Q of South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
                 /s/ Thomas Kersting 
      
      Thomas Kersting 
      
      Chief Executive Officer 
      
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification 
    
  I, Mark Hyde, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed the report on Form 10-Q of South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
                 /s/ Mark Hyde 
      
      Mark Hyde 
      
      Chief Financial Officer 
      
      (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas Kersting, the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of   September 30, 2016   (the last date of the period covered by the Report). 
    
                     Dated: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Thomas Kersting 

Thomas Kersting, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of South Dakota Soybean Processors, LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the quarter ending   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark Hyde, the Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of   September 30, 2016   (the last date of the period covered by the Report). 
    
                     Dated: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Mark Hyde 

Mark Hyde, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sdsp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sdsp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sdsp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sdsp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sdsp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sdsp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

