<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161230_10-K_edgar_data_779544_0000930413-16-009088_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5176698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>195463</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>478767</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1107859</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2070835</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1211211</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>97</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-16-009088.hdr.sgml : 20161230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161230160647
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-16-009088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARK RESTAURANTS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000779544
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				133156768
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09453
		FILM NUMBER:		162077684

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003-3019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122068800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003-3019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-16-009088.txt : 20161230

10-K
 1
 c86875_10k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

x  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 AND 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 

 or, 

  o  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 AND
15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 1-09453 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP.   
 
      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

New York  
       
      13-3156768   
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of   
 Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: (212) 206-8800 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class  
       
      Name of each exchange on which registered  

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share  
       
      The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  o  No  x  

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  o  No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No  o  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure
of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K.  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  o  

Accelerated filer  o   
 
     Non-accelerated filer  o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
     Smaller Reporting Company  x   

Indicate by check mark whether
the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes  o  No  x  

As of April 2, 2016, the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of voting and
non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $41,698,932. 

At December 22, 2016, there
were outstanding 3,418,128   shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, $.01 par value. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

(1)    In accordance with General
Instruction G (3) of Form 10-K, certain information required by Part III hereof will either be incorporated into
this Form 10-K by reference to the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the registrant s 2016 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders filed within 120 days of October 1, 2016 or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K filed
within 120 days of October 1, 2016. 

PART I  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

On one or more occasions, we may make statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or beliefs about
future events. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated by reference herein relating
to management s current expectations of future financial performance, continued growth and changes in economic conditions
or capital markets are forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Words or phrases such as  anticipates, 
 believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   predicts, 
 projects,   targets,   will likely result,   hopes,   will continue 
or similar expressions identify forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which could
cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed. We caution that while we make such statements in good
faith and we believe such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, including without limitation, management s examination
of historical operating trends, data contained in records and other data available from third parties, we cannot assure you that
our projections will be achieved. Factors that may cause such differences include: economic conditions generally and in each of
the markets in which we are located, the amount of sales contributed by new and existing restaurants, labor costs for our personnel,
fluctuations in the cost of food products, adverse weather conditions, changes in consumer preferences and the level of competition
from existing or new competitors. 

We have attempted to identify, in context, certain
of the factors that we believe may cause actual future experience and results to differ materially from our current expectation
regarding the relevant matter or subject area. In addition to the items specifically discussed above, our business, results of
operations and financial position and your investment in our common stock are subject to the risks and uncertainties described
in  Item 1A Risk Factors  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

From time to time, oral or written forward-looking
statements are also included in our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q, 10-Q/A and 8-K, our Schedule 14A, our press releases
and other materials released to the public. Although we believe that at the time made, the expectations reflected in all of these
forward-looking statements are and will be reasonable; any or all of the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
our reports on Forms 10-Q, 10-Q/A and 8-K, our Schedule 14A and any other public statements that are made by us may prove
to be incorrect. This may occur as a result of inaccurate assumptions or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties.
Many factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, certain of which are beyond our control, will be important in determining
our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from forward-looking
statements. In light of these and other uncertainties, you should not regard the inclusion of a forward-looking statement in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K or other public communications that we might make as a representation by us that our plans and
objectives will be achieved, and you should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update or
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, your attention
is directed to any further disclosures made on related subjects in our subsequent periodic reports filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and Schedule 14A. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to  we,   us,   our,   ARKR  and the  Company  refer specifically to
Ark Restaurants Corp. and its subsidiaries, partnerships, variable interest entities and predecessor entities. 

Item 1.   
       Business    

Overview 

We are a New York corporation formed in 1983. As
of the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016, we owned and/or operated 21 restaurants and bars, 19 fast food concepts and catering
operations through our subsidiaries. Initially our facilities were located only in New York City. As of the fiscal year ended October
1, 2016, six of our restaurant and bar facilities are located in New York City, two are located in Washington, D.C., five are located
in Las Vegas, Nevada, three are located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, one is located at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard,
Connecticut, one is located in the Faneuil Hall Marketplace in Boston, Massachusetts and three are located on the east coast of
Florida. 

In addition to the shift from a Manhattan-based
operation to a multi-city operation, the nature of the facilities operated by us has shifted from smaller, neighborhood restaurants
to larger, destination properties intended to benefit from high patron traffic attributable to the uniqueness of the location.
Most of our properties which have been opened in recent years are of the latter description. As of the fiscal year ended October
1, 2016, these include the operations at the 12 fast food facilities in Tampa, Florida and Hollywood, Florida (2004); the  Gallagher s
Steakhouse  and  Gallagher s Burger Bar  in the Resorts Atlantic City Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey
(2005);  The Grill at Two Trees  at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Connecticut (2006);  Durgin Park Restaurant and
the Black Horse Tavern  in the Faneuil Hall Marketplace in Boston, Massachusetts (2007);  Yolos  at the Planet Hollywood
Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada (2007);  Robert  at the Museum of Arts   Design at Columbus Circle in Manhattan
(2010);  Broadway Burger Bar and Grill  at the New York New York Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada (2011);  Clyde Frazier s
Wine and Dine  in Manhattan (2012);  Broadway Burger Bar and Grill  in the Quarter at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino in
Atlantic City, New Jersey (2013),  The Rustic Inn  in Dania Beach, Florida (2014),  The Rustic Inn  in Jupiter, Florida
(2015) and  Shuckers  in Jensen Beach, Florida (2016). 

The names and themes of each of our restaurants
are different except for our two  Gallagher s Steakhouse  restaurants, two  Broadway Burger Bar and Grill  restaurants
and two  Rustic Inn  restaurants. The menus in our restaurants are extensive, offering a wide variety of high-quality foods
at generally moderate prices. The atmosphere at many of the restaurants is lively and extremely casual. Most of the restaurants
have separate bar areas, are open seven days a week and most serve lunch as well as dinner. A majority of our net sales are derived
from dinner as opposed to lunch service. 

While decor differs from restaurant to restaurant,
interiors are marked by distinctive architectural and design elements which often incorporate dramatic interior open spaces and
extensive glass exteriors. The wall treatments, lighting and decorations are typically vivid, unusual and, in some cases, highly
theatrical. 

The following table sets forth the restaurant properties
we lease, own and operate as of October 1, 2016: 

(1)  Restaurants are, from time to time, renovated, renamed and/or converted from or to managed or owned
facilities.  Year Opened  refers to the year in which we, or an affiliated predecessor of us, first opened, acquired
or began managing a restaurant at the applicable location, notwithstanding that the restaurant may have been renovated, renamed
and/or converted from or to a managed or owned facility since that date.   

(2)  Seating capacity refers to the seating capacity of the indoor part of a restaurant available for
dining in all seasons and weather conditions. Outdoor seating capacity, if applicable, is set forth in parentheses and refers to
the seating capacity of terraces and sidewalk cafes which are available for dining only in the warm seasons and then only inclement
weather.   

(3)  Assumes the exercise of all of our available lease renewal options.   

(4)  The lease governing a substantial portion of the outside seating area of this restaurant expires
on April 30, 2019.   

(5)  Includes a five-year renewal options exercisable by us if certain sales goals are achieved during
the two year period prior to the exercise of the renewal option. Under the  America  lease, the sales goal is $6.0 million.
Under the  Gallagher s   Steakhouse  lease the sales goal is $3.0 million. Under the lease for   

Gonzalez y  Gonzalez  and the  Village
                                                                                                                                                              Eateries , the combined sales goal is $10.0 million. Each of the restaurants is currently operating at a level in excess
                                                                                                                                                              of the minimum sales level required to exercise the renewal option for each respective restaurant. 

(6)  We operate six small food court restaurants and one full-service restaurant in the  Village Eateries 
food court at the New York-New York Hotel   Casino. We also operate that hotel s room service, banquet facilities and
employee cafeteria.   

(7)  We will vacate this property, which had a no rent lease, in January 2017, at the request of the
landlord.   

(9)  This location is for a kiosk located at Bryant Park, New York, NY and all seating is outdoors.   

(*)  Represents common area seating. 

The following table sets forth our less than wholly-owned
properties that are managed by us, which have been consolidated as of October 1, 2016   see Notes 1 and 2 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements: 

(1)  Restaurants are, from time to time, renovated, renamed and/or converted from or to managed or owned
facilities.  Year Opened  refers to the year in which we, or an affiliated predecessor of us, first opened, acquired
or began managing a restaurant at the applicable location, notwithstanding that the restaurant may have been renovated, renamed
and/or converted from or to a managed or owned facility since that date.   

(2)  Seating capacity refers to the seating capacity of the indoor part of a restaurant available for
dining in all seasons and weather conditions. Outdoor seating capacity, if applicable, is set forth in parentheses and refers to
the seating capacity of terraces and sidewalk cafes which are available for dining only in the warm seasons and then only inclement
weather.   

(3)  Assumes the exercise of all our available lease renewal options.   

(4)  Management fees earned, which have been eliminated in consolidation, are based on a percentage
of cash flow of the restaurant.   

(5)  We own a 19.2% interest in the partnership that owns  El Rio Grande .   

(6)  Management fees earned, which have been eliminated in consolidation, are based on a percentage
of gross sales of the restaurant.   

(7)  We own a 64.4% interest in the partnership that owns the  Tampa and Hollywood Food Courts . 

(*)  Represents common area seating. 

(**)  Represents number of seats in the Bingo Hall. 

Leases 

We are currently not committed to any significant
projects; however, we may take advantage of opportunities we consider to be favorable, when they occur, depending upon the availability
of financing and other factors. 

Restaurant Expansion 

On March 27, 2015, the Company, through a wholly-owned
subsidiary, entered into an agreement to operate a kiosk in Bryant Park, NY for the sale of food and beverages for an initial period
expiring through March 31, 2020 with an option to extend the agreement for five additional years. Renovations totaled approximately
$400,000 and the property opened in July 2015. 

On July 24, 2015, the Company, through a wholly-owned
subsidiary, paid $544,000 (including a $144,000 security deposit) to assume the lease for an event space located in New York, NY.
The assumed lease expires through March 31, 2026 with an option to extend the agreement for five additional years and provides
for annual rent in the amount of approximately $300,000. 

On October 22, 2015, the Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Ark Shuckers, LLC, Ark Shuckers Real Estate, LLC, and Ark Island Beach Resort LLC, acquired the assets of Shuckers
Inc., a restaurant and bar located at the Island Beach Resort in Jensen Beach, FL, and six condominium units (four of which house
the restaurant and bar operations) and a management company that handles the rental pool for certain condominium units under lease
with Island Beach Resort, Inc. The total purchase price was for $5,650,000 plus inventory. The acquisition was accounted for as
a business combination and was financed with a bank loan from the Company s existing lender in the amount of $5,000,000 and
cash from operations. 

The opening of a new restaurant is invariably accompanied
by substantial pre-opening expenses and early operating losses associated with the training of personnel, excess kitchen costs,
costs of supervision and other expenses during the pre-opening period and during a post-opening  shake out  period
until operations can be considered to be functioning normally. The amount of such pre-opening expenses and early operating losses
can generally be expected to depend upon the size and complexity of the facility being opened. 

Our restaurants generally do not achieve substantial
increases in revenue from year to year, which we consider to be typical of the restaurant industry. To achieve significant increases
in revenue or to replace revenue of restaurants that lose customer favor or which close because of lease expirations or other 

reasons, we would have to open
additional restaurant facilities or expand existing restaurants. There can be no assurance that a restaurant will be successful
after it is opened, particularly since in many instances we do not operate our new restaurants under a trade name currently used
by us, thereby requiring new restaurants to establish their own identity. 

Investment in New Meadowlands Racetrack 

On March 12, 2013, the Company made a $4,200,000
investment in the New Meadowlands Racetrack LLC ( NMR ) through its purchase of a membership interest in Meadowlands
Newmark, LLC, an existing member of NMR. On November 19, 2013, the Company invested an additional $464,000 in NMR through a purchase
of an additional membership interest in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC resulting in a total ownership of 11.6%. In 2015, the Company
invested an additional $222,000, as a result of capital calls, bringing its total investment to $4,886,000 with no change in ownership.
In addition to the Company s ownership interest in NMR, if casino gaming is approved at the Meadowlands and NMR is granted
the right to conduct said gaming, the Company shall be granted the exclusive right to operate the food and beverage concessions
in the gaming facility with the exception of one restaurant. The voter referendum for casino gaming in Northern New Jersey was
defeated in November 2016. State law prohibits the issue from being put on the ballot before voters for the following two years.
In  connection with NMR s restructuring of an existing loan  which comes due on June 30, 2018, and to
extend the loan through December 2021, the Company expects to fund its proportionate share of an anticipated $3 million capital
call in January 2017 rather than having its interest diluted. 

In conjunction with this investment, the Company,
through a 98% owned subsidiary, Ark Meadowlands LLC ( AM VIE ), also entered into a long-term agreement with NMR for
the exclusive right to operate food and beverage concessions serving the new raceway facilities (the  Racing F B Concessions )
located in the new raceway grandstand constructed at the Meadowlands Racetrack in northern New Jersey. Under the agreement, NMR
is responsible to pay for the costs and expenses incurred in the operation of the Racing F B Concessions, and all revenues
and profits thereof inure to the benefit of NMR. AM VIE receives an annual fee equal to 5% of the net profits received by NMR from
the Racing F B Concessions during each calendar year. 

On April 25, 2014, the Company loaned $1,500,000
to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC. The note bears interest at 3%, compounded monthly and added to the principal, and is due in its entirety
on January 31, 2024. The note may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time without penalty or premium. On July 13, 2016, the
Company made an additional loan to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC in the amount of $200,000. Such amount is subject to the same terms
and conditions as the original loan as discussed above. 

Recent Restaurant Dispositions and Charges 

Lease Expirations    On October 31,
2014, the Company s lease at the  Towers Deli  located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure
of this property did not result in a material charge. 

On November 30, 2014, the Company s lease
at the  Shake   Burger  located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure of this property did
not result in a material charge. 

On November 30, 2015, the Company s lease
at the  V-Bar  located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure of this property did not result
in a material charge. 

The Company was advised by the landlord that it
would have to vacate the  Center Caf   property located at Union Station in Washington, DC which was on a month-to-month
lease. The closure of this property occurred in February 2016 and did not result in a material charge. 

Restaurant Management 

Each restaurant is managed by its own manager and
has its own chef. Food products and other supplies are purchased primarily from various unaffiliated suppliers, in most cases by
our headquarter s personnel.    Each of our restaurants has two or more assistant managers and sous chefs (assistant chefs).
Financial and management control is maintained at the corporate level through the use of automated systems that include centralized
accounting and reporting. 

Purchasing and Distribution 

We strive to obtain quality menu ingredients, raw
materials and other supplies and services for our operations from reliable sources at competitive prices. Substantially all menu
items are prepared on each restaurant s premises daily from scratch, using fresh ingredients. Each restaurant s management
determines the quantities of food and supplies required and then orders the items from local, regional and national suppliers on
terms negotiated by our centralized purchasing staff. Restaurant-level inventories are maintained at a minimum dollar-value level
in relation to sales due to the relatively rapid turnover of the perishable produce, poultry, meat, fish and dairy commodities
that are used in operations. 

We attempt to negotiate short-term and long-term
supply agreements depending on market conditions and expected demand. However, we do not contract for long periods of time for
our fresh commodities such as produce, poultry, meat, fish and dairy items and, consequently, such commodities can be subject to
unforeseen supply and cost fluctuations. Independent foodservice distributors deliver most food and supply items daily to restaurants.
The financial impact of the termination of any such supply agreements would not have a material adverse effect on our financial
position. 

Employees 

At December 22, 2016, we employed 2,195   persons
(including employees at managed facilities), 1,411   of whom were full-time employees, and 784 of whom were part-time employees;
46 of whom were headquarters personnel, 147 of whom were restaurant management personnel, 1,372   of whom were kitchen personnel
and 630   of whom were restaurant service personnel. A number of our restaurant service personnel are employed on a part-time
basis. Changes in minimum wage levels may adversely affect our labor costs and the restaurant industry generally because a large
percentage of restaurant personnel are paid at or slightly above the minimum wage. Our employees are not covered by any collective
bargaining agreements. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to various federal, state and local
laws affecting our business. Each restaurant is subject to licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities that
may include alcoholic beverage control, health, sanitation, environmental, zoning and public safety agencies in the state or municipality
in which the restaurant is located. Difficulties in obtaining or failures to obtain the required licenses or approvals could delay
or prevent the development and openings of new restaurants, or could disrupt the operations of existing restaurants. 

Alcoholic beverage control regulations require
each of our restaurants to apply to a state authority and, in certain locations, county and municipal authorities for licenses
and permits to sell alcoholic beverages on 

the premises. Typically, licenses
must be renewed annually and may be subject to penalties, temporary suspension or revocation for cause at any time. Alcoholic beverage
control regulations impact many aspects of the daily operations of our restaurants, including the minimum ages of patrons and employees
consuming or serving such beverages; employee alcoholic beverages training and certification requirements; hours of operation;
advertising; wholesale purchasing and inventory control of such beverages; seating of minors and the service of food within our
bar areas; and the storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. State and local authorities in many jurisdictions routinely monitor
compliance with alcoholic beverage laws. The failure to receive or retain, or a delay in obtaining, a liquor license for a particular
restaurant could adversely affect our ability to obtain such licenses in jurisdictions where the failure to receive or retain,
or a delay in obtaining, a liquor license occurred. 

We are subject to  dram-shop  statutes
in most of the states in which we have operations, which generally provide a person injured by an intoxicated person the right
to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to such person. We carry liquor liability coverage
as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance. A settlement or judgment against us under a  dram-shop 
statute in excess of liability coverage could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Various federal and state labor laws govern our
operations and our relationship with employees, including such matters as minimum wages, breaks, overtime, fringe benefits, safety,
working conditions and citizenship requirements. We are also subject to the regulations of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
If our employees do not meet federal citizenship or residency requirements, this could lead to a disruption in our work force.
Significant government-imposed increases in minimum wages, paid leaves of absence and mandated health benefits, or increased tax
reporting, assessment or payment requirements related to employees who receive gratuities could be detrimental to our profitability. 

Our facilities must comply with the applicable
requirements of the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 ( ADA ) and related state statutes. The ADA prohibits discrimination
on the basis of disability with respect to public accommodations and employment. Under the ADA and related state laws, when constructing
new restaurants or undertaking significant remodeling of existing restaurants, we must make them more readily accessible to disabled
persons. 

The New York State Liquor Authority must approve
any transaction in which a shareholder of the licensee increases his holdings to 10% or more of the outstanding capital stock of
the licensee and any transaction involving 10% or more of the outstanding capital stock of the licensee. 

Seasonal Nature of Business 

Our business is highly seasonal. The second quarter
of our fiscal year, consisting of the non-holiday portion of the cold weather season in New York and Washington (January, February
and March), is the poorest performing quarter. We achieve our best results during the warm weather, attributable to our extensive
outdoor dining availability, particularly at  Bryant Park  in New York and  Sequoia  in Washington, D.C. (our largest
restaurants) and our outdoor cafes. However, even during summer months these facilities can be adversely affected by unusually
cool or rainy weather conditions. Our facilities in Las Vegas generally operate on a more consistent basis throughout the year. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

The following are the most significant risk factors applicable to us: 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS  

We are dependent upon key personnel and may
not be able to attract qualified personnel in the future.  

We are dependent upon the continued services of
Michael Weinstein, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and a number of key management and other team members
who have significant influence over the Company s business strategy and managerial decisions. The Company does not have an
employment agreement with Mr. Weinstein. The loss of Mr. Weinstein s services or other key personnel, or limitations on their
involvement with the Company, could have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. We do not maintain key
person life insurance on any officers of the Company. 

Failure of our existing or new restaurants to achieve
expected results could have a negative impact on our revenues and performance results.  

Performance results currently achieved by our restaurants
may not be indicative of longer term performance or the potential market acceptance of restaurants in new locations. We cannot
be assured that new restaurants that we open will have similar operating results as existing restaurants. New restaurants take
several months or longer to reach expected operating levels due to inefficiencies typically associated with new restaurants, including
lack of market awareness, inability to hire sufficient staff and other factors. The failure of our existing or new restaurants
to perform as predicted could negatively impact our revenues and results of operations. 

Our unfamiliarity with new markets may present
risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.  

Due to higher operating costs caused by temporary
inefficiencies typically associated with expanding into new regions and opening new restaurants, such as lack of market awareness
and acceptance and limited availability of experienced staff, continued expansion may result in an increase in our operating costs.
New markets may have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets,
which may cause our restaurants in these new markets to be less successful than our restaurants in our existing markets. We cannot
assure you that restaurants in new markets will be successful. 

Factors beyond our control could adversely affect
our ability to open new restaurants efficiently, which could cause our operations and financial condition to suffer. These factors
include, but are not limited to:  

--  Selection and availability of suitable restaurant sites;   

--  Negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for such sites;   

--  Negotiation of reasonable construction contracts and adequate supervision of construction;   

--  Our ability to secure required governmental permits and approvals for both construction and operation;   

--  Availability of adequate capital;   

--  General economic conditions; and   

--  Adverse weather conditions.   

We may not be successful in addressing these factors,
which could adversely affect our ability to open new restaurants on a timely basis, or at all. Delays in opening or failures to
open new restaurants could cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to suffer. 

Increases in the minimum wage may have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results.  

Many of our employees are subject to various minimum
wage requirements. Many of our restaurants are located in states where the minimum wage was recently increased and in other states
in which increases are being considered. In addition, the one-day strikes for fast-food workers for an increase in the minimum
wage to $15 per hour may result in further increases in the minimum wage which would affect all restaurant workers. Accordingly,
there likely will be additional increases implemented in jurisdictions in which we operate or seek to operate. These minimum wage
increases may cause us to raise our prices which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Our ability to compete with non-tipping restaurants
may be adversely affected.  

Certain restaurants in areas in which we operate
have eliminated tipping and more restaurants may decide to follow suit. We have not implemented such a policy and cannot estimate
the effect such change may have on our operations. In the event we are forced to compete and raise our prices to provide for gratuities,
this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations or cash flows. 

Disruptions in the overall economy may adversely
impact our business.  

Our ability to generate revenue depends significantly
on discretionary consumer spending. Any weakness in discretionary consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our
revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 

The restaurant industry has been affected by economic
factors, including the deterioration of national, regional and local economic conditions, high unemployment levels, and shifts
in consumer spending patterns.  Disruptions in the overall economy have reduced, and may continue to reduce, consumer confidence
in the economy, negatively affecting consumer restaurant spending, which could be harmful to our financial position and results
of operations.  As a result, decreased cash flow generated from our business may adversely affect our financial position and
our ability to fund our operations.  

Future changes in financial accounting standards
may cause adverse unexpected operating results and affect our reported results of operations.  

Changes in accounting standards can have a significant
effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. New pronouncements
and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements related to recently adopted accounting standards. 

Changes to existing rules or differing interpretations
with respect to our current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results. 

Our profitability is dependent in large measure
on food, beverage and supply costs which are not within our control.  

Our profitability is dependent in large measure
on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food, beverage and supply costs. Various factors beyond our control, including
climate changes and government regulations, may affect food and beverage costs. Specifically, our dependence on frequent, timely
deliveries of fresh beef, poultry, seafood and produce subjects us to the risks of possible shortages or interruptions in supply
caused by adverse weather, food contamination and related recalls or other conditions, which could adversely affect the availability
and cost of any such items. We cannot assure you that we will be able to anticipate or react to increasing food and supply costs
in the future. The failure to react to these increases could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Rising insurance costs could negatively impact
profitability.  

The cost of insurance (workers compensation insurance,
general liability insurance, property insurance, health insurance and directors and officers liability insurance) has risen significantly
over the past few years and is expected to continue to increase. These increases, as well as potential state legislation requirements
for employers to provide health insurance to employees, could have a negative impact on our profitability if we are not able to
negate the effect of such increases with plan modifications and cost control measures or by continuing to improve our operating
efficiencies. 

Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
could adversely affect our restaurant sales.  

Adverse weather conditions can
impact guest traffic at our restaurants, cause the temporary underutilization of outdoor patio seating and, in more severe
cases such as hurricanes, tornadoes or other natural disasters, cause temporary closures, sometimes for prolonged periods,
which would negatively impact our restaurant sales. Our restaurants have previously been adversely affected by the flooding
caused from Hurricane Sandy as well as other adverse weather conditions. Several of our newest restaurants are located on
the East Coast of Florida in low lying areas prone to flooding. Changes in weather could result in construction delays,
interruptions to the availability of utilities, and shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other
supplies, which could increase our costs. Some climatologists predict that the long-term effects of climate change and global
warming may result in more severe, volatile weather or extended droughts, which could increase the frequency and duration of
weather impacts on our operations. 

Compliance with existing and new regulations of
corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses.  

Compliance with changing laws, regulations and
standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Act,
new SEC regulations and NASDAQ Stock Market rules, has required an increased amount of management attention and external resources.
We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. This investment, required to comply
with these changing regulations, may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time
and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Intense competition in the restaurant industry
could prevent us from increasing or sustaining our revenues and profitability.  

The restaurant industry is intensely competitive
with respect to food quality, price-value relationships, ambiance, service and location, and many restaurants compete with us at
each of our locations. There are a number of well-established competitors with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel
and other resources than ours, and many of our competitors are well established in the markets where we have restaurants, or in
which we intend to locate restaurants. Additionally, other companies may develop restaurants that operate with similar concepts. 

Any inability to successfully compete with the
other restaurants in our markets will prevent us from increasing or sustaining our revenues and profitability and result in a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may also need to modify or refine
elements of our restaurant system to evolve our concepts in order to compete with popular new restaurant formats or concepts that
may develop in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in implementing these modifications or that these modifications
will not reduce our profitability. 

Many of our operations are located in casinos
and much of our success will be dependent on the success of those casinos.  

The success of the business of our restaurants
located in Las Vegas, Nevada, Atlantic City, New Jersey, Tampa and Hollywood, Florida, and Ledyard, Connecticut is substantially
dependent on the success of the casinos in which the Company operates in these locations to attract customers for themselves and
for our restaurants. In particular, casinos in Atlantic City have experienced a significant decline in revenues in recent years
as a result of the economic downturn, Hurricane Sandy in 2012, and the fact that numerous casinos have opened in other locations
in the Eastern United States. Five of the twelve casinos in Atlantic City have closed. Although the Company did not operate any
restaurants in the casinos that closed and the Company s restaurants in Atlantic City actually experienced an increase in
sales of approximately 5.5% from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016, the downturn affecting Atlantic City casinos and tourism in general
could have a material adverse effect on our restaurants in the city. 

As more states approve casino gambling, our business
in casinos in existing geographic regions may continue to decline. The successful operation of the casinos in these locations is
subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to: 

--  The risk associated with governmental approvals of gaming; 

--  The risk of a change in laws regulating gaming operations; 

--  Operating in a limited market; 

--  Competitive risks relating to casino operations; and 

--  Risks of terrorism and war. 

There can be no assurance casino gambling will
ever be approved at New Meadowlands Racetrack.  

The Company has invested an aggregate of $4,886,000
in the New Meadowlands Racetrack ( NMR ) through its investment in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC, an existing member of
NMR to which it has also loaned $1,700,000. The Company has the exclusive right to operate the food and beverage concessions in
a casino at NMR if casino gambling is approved. A November 2016 referendum to approve two new casinos in Northern New Jersey was
defeated. The issue cannot be voted upon for the following two years. As a result, the Company expects it will be subject to additional
capital calls in the future that it can either participate in or have its interest diluted. There can be no assurance that a casino
will be 

approved at NMR with Meadowlands
Newmark LLC being granted the right to conduct gambling at such a casino at any time in the future. 

The restaurant industry is affected by changes
in consumer preferences and discretionary spending patterns that could result in a reduction in our revenues.  

We continuously need to monitor and to modify our
restaurants  menus, for changes in consumer preferences. These changes may cause us to lose customers, who are less satisfied
with such modified menu, and we may not be able to attract a new customer base to generate the necessary revenues to maintain our
income from restaurant operations. A change in our menus may also result in us having different competitors. We may not be able
to successfully compete against established competitors in the general restaurant market. Our success also depends on various factors
affecting discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions, disposable consumer income and consumer confidence. Adverse
changes in these factors could reduce our customer base and spending patterns, either of which could reduce our revenues and results
of operations. 

Our geographic concentrations could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

We currently operate in seven regions, New York
City, Washington, D.C., Las Vegas, Nevada, Florida, Atlantic City, New Jersey, Ledyard, Connecticut, and Boston, Massachusetts.
As a result, we are particularly susceptible to adverse trends and economic conditions in these markets, including its labor market,
which could have a negative impact on our profitability as a whole. In addition, given our geographic concentration, negative publicity
regarding any of our restaurants could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition,
as could other regional occurrences such as acts of terrorism, local strikes, natural disasters or changes in laws or regulations. 

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly
due to seasonality and other factors beyond our control.  

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations,
which may vary greatly depending upon the region of the United States in which a particular restaurant is located. In addition
to seasonality, our quarterly and annual operating results and comparable unit sales may fluctuate significantly as a result of
a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

--  The amount of sales contributed by new and existing restaurants;   

--  The timing of new openings and closings;   

--  Increases in the cost of key food or beverage products;   

--  Labor costs for our personnel;   

--  Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis;   

--  Adverse weather;   

--  Consumer confidence and changes in consumer preferences; 

--  Health concerns, including adverse publicity concerning food-related illnesses;   

--  The level of competition from existing or new competitors; 

--  Economic conditions generally and in each of the markets in which we are located; and   

--  Acceptance of a new or modified concept in each of the new markets in which we could be located.   

These fluctuations make it difficult for us to
predict and address in a timely manner factors that may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Any expansion may strain our infrastructure,
which could slow restaurant development.  

The Company has recently expanded its operations in the States of Florida and Alabama, where we have previously not done business. Any expansion may place a strain on our management
systems, financial controls, and information systems. To manage growth effectively, we must maintain the high level of quality
and service at our existing and future restaurants. We must also continue to enhance our operational, information, financial and
management systems and locate, hire, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly restaurant managers. We cannot predict
whether we will be able to respond on a timely basis to all of the changing demands that any expansion will impose on management
and those systems and controls. If we are not able to effectively manage any one or more of these or other aspects of expansion,
our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our inability to retain key personnel could
negatively impact our business.  

Our success will continue to be highly dependent
on our key operating officers and employees. We must continue to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified
management and operating personnel, including general managers and chefs. The ability of these key personnel to maintain consistency
in the quality and atmosphere of our restaurants is a critical factor in our success. Any failure to do so may harm our reputation
and result in a loss of business. 

We could face labor shortages, increased labor
costs and other adverse effects of varying labor conditions.  

The development and success of our restaurants
depend, in large part, on the efforts, abilities, experience and reputations of the general managers and chefs at such restaurants.
In addition, our success depends, in part, upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees,
including restaurant managers, kitchen staff and wait staff. Qualified individuals needed to fill these positions are in short
supply and the inability to recruit and retain such individuals may delay the planned openings of new restaurants or result in
high employee turnover in existing restaurants. A significant delay in finding qualified employees or high turnover of existing
employees could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, competition
for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract sufficient qualified employees, which could result in higher,
labor costs. In addition, increases in the minimum hourly wage, employment tax rates and levies, related benefits costs, including
health insurance, and similar matters over which we have no control may increase our operating costs. 

Unanticipated costs or delays in the development
or construction of future restaurants could prevent our timely and cost-effective opening of new restaurants.  

We depend on contractors and real estate developers
to construct our restaurants. Many factors may adversely affect the cost and time associated with the development and construction
of our restaurants, including, but not limited to: 

--  Labor disputes;   

--  Shortages of materials or skilled labor;   

--  Adverse weather conditions;   

--  Unforeseen engineering problems;   

--  Environmental problems;   

--  Construction or zoning problems;   

--  Local government regulations;   

--  Modifications in design; and   

--  Other unanticipated increases in costs. 

Any of these factors could give rise to delays
or cost overruns, which may prevent us from developing additional restaurants within our anticipated budgets or time periods or
at all. Any such failure could cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to suffer. 

We may not be able to obtain and maintain necessary
federal, state and local permits which could delay or prevent the opening of future restaurants.  

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state
and local government regulations, including regulations relating to: 

--  Alcoholic beverage control;   

--  The purchase, preparation and sale of food;   

--  Public health and safety;   

--  Sanitation, building, zoning and fire codes; and   

--  Employment and related tax matters.   

All of these regulations impact not only our current
operations but also our ability to open future restaurants. We will be required to comply with applicable state and local regulations
in new locations into which we expand. Any difficulties, delays or failures in obtaining licenses, permits or approvals in such
new locations could delay or prevent the opening of a restaurant in a particular area or reduce operations at an existing location,
either of which would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are dependent on information technology and
any material failure in the operation or security of that technology or our ability to execute a comprehensive business continuity
plan could impair our ability to efficiently operate our business.  

We rely on information systems across our operations,
including, for example, point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, management of our supply chain, collection of cash, payment
of obligations and various other processes and procedures. Our ability to efficiently manage our business depends significantly
on the reliability and capacity of these systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with maintenance,
upgrading or transitioning to replacement systems, or a breach in security of these systems could cause delays in customer service
and reduce efficiency in our operations. A security breach or cyber-attack could include theft of credit card data or other personal
information as well as our intellectual property. Significant capital investments might be required to remediate any problems. 

Additionally, our corporate systems and processes
and corporate support for our restaurant operations are handled primarily at our corporate office in New York. We have disaster
recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature and back up and off-site 

locations for recovery of electronic
and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience
delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures
to adequately support restaurant operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims. 

Failure to protect the integrity and security
of individually identifiable data of our guests and teammates and confidential and proprietary information of the Company could
damage our reputation and expose us to loss of revenues and litigation.  

We receive and maintain certain personal information
about our guests and team members in our information technology systems, such as point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms. Additionally
our systems contain proprietary and confidential information related to our business. Use of this information is regulated at the
federal and state levels, as well as by certain third party contracts. If our or our business associates  information systems are
compromised as a result of a cyber-attack or other external or internal method, or we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations,
it could result in a violation of the laws and regulations, and an adverse and material impact on our reputation, operations, results
of operations and financial condition. Such security breaches could also result in litigation or governmental investigation against
us or the imposition of penalties. These impacts could also occur if we are perceived either to have had an attack, failure or
to have failed to properly respond to an incident. Like many other retail companies, we experience frequent attempts to compromise
our systems but none have resulted in a material breach. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change or cyber
risks evolve pertaining to data, we may incur additional costs in technology, third party services and personnel to remain in compliance
and maintain systems designed to anticipate and prevent cyber-attacks. Our security frameworks prevent breaches of our systems
and data loss, but these measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches or data loss. 

The restaurant industry is affected by litigation
and publicity concerning food quality, health and other issues, which can cause guests to avoid our restaurants and result in liabilities.  

Health concerns, including adverse publicity concerning
food-related illness, although not specifically related to our restaurants, could cause guests to avoid restaurants in general,
which would have a negative impact on our sales. We may also be the subject of complaints or litigation from guests alleging food-related
illness, injuries suffered on the premises or other food quality, health or operational concerns. A lawsuit or claim could result
in an adverse decision against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also
be subject to litigation which, regardless of the outcome, could result in adverse publicity. Adverse publicity resulting from
such allegations may materially adversely affect us and our restaurants, regardless of whether such allegations are true or whether
we are ultimately held liable. Such litigation, adverse publicity or damages could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, business, results of operations and financial condition and results of operations. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK  

The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.  

The price at which our common stock trades may
fluctuate significantly. A large number of shares of our common stock is concentrated in the hands of a small number of individuals
and institutional investors and is thinly traded. An attempt to sell by a large holder could adversely affect the price of our
stock. 

The stock market has from time to time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

--  Fluctuations in quarterly or annual results of operations;   

--  Changes in published earnings estimates by analysts and whether our actual earnings meet or exceed
such estimates;   

--  Additions or departures of key personnel;   

--  Our ability to execute our business plan and open new restaurants; 

--  Changes in the restaurant industry; 

--  Competitive pricing pressures; 

--  Regulatory developments; and 

--  Changes in overall stock market conditions, including the stock prices of other restaurant companies.   

In addition, our principal stockholders 
ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempt to obtain control of the Company,
which, in time, could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

In the past, companies that have experienced extreme
fluctuations in the market price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we were to be subject
to such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Ownership of a substantial majority of our outstanding
common stock by a limited number of stockholders will limit your ability to influence corporate matters.  

A substantial majority of our capital stock is
held by a limited number of stockholders. Almost 50% of our common stock is beneficially owned by officers and directors of the
Company. Accordingly, management and a few other stockholders have a strong influence on major decisions of corporate policy, and
the outcome of any major transaction or other matters submitted to our stockholders, including, but not limited to, potential mergers,
acquisitions and/or sale of substantially all assets or other corporate transactions, and amendments to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation. Stockholders other than these principal stockholders are therefore likely to have little influence
on decisions regarding such matters. 

Provisions in our charter documents and New
York law could discourage or prevent a takeover, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.  

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation
and by-laws, as well as provisions of New York law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing
so would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include: 

--  The New York anti-takeover statute prevents any shareholder who acquires more than 20% of the Company s
capital stock from acquiring control of the Company for a five-year period, unless approved by the Board.   

--  prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than
a majority of stockholders to elect direct candidates; and   

--  advance notice provisions in connection with stockholder proposals that may prevent or hinder any
attempt by our stockholders to bring business to be considered by our stockholders at a meeting or replace our board of directors.   

Item 1B.   
       Unresolved Staff Comments    

Not applicable. 

Item 2.   
       Properties    

Our restaurant facilities, with the exception of
 The Rustic Inn  in Dania Beach, Florida and  Shuckers  in Jensen Beach, Florida, and our executive offices are occupied
under leases. Most of our restaurant leases provide for the payment of base rents plus real estate taxes, insurance and other expenses
and, in certain instances, for the payment of a percentage of our sales at such facility. As of October 1, 2016, these leases (including
leases for managed restaurants) have terms (including any available renewal options) expiring as follows: 

Our executive, administrative and clerical offices
are located in approximately 8,500 square feet of office space at 85 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York. Our lease for this office
space expires in 2025. 

For information concerning our future minimum rental
commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information concerning our leases. 

Item 3.   
       Legal Proceedings    

In the ordinary course of our business, we are
a party to various lawsuits arising from accidents at our restaurants and workers  compensation claims, which are generally
handled by our insurance carriers. 

Our employment of management personnel, waiters,
waitresses and kitchen staff at a number of different restaurants has resulted in the institution, from time to time, of litigation
alleging violation by us of employment discrimination laws. We do not believe that any of such suits will have a materially adverse
effect upon us, our financial condition or operations. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures     

Not Applicable. 

PART
II  

Item 5.    Market
For The Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Market for Our Common Stock 

Our Common Stock, $.01 par value, is traded
in the over-the-counter market on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol  ARKR.  The high and low sale prices
for our Common Stock from September 28, 2014 through October 1, 2016 are as follows: 

As of December 27, 2016, there were
34 holders of record of our common stock and approximately an additional 1,589 beneficial owners. 

Dividend Policy 

On December 15, 2014, March 3, 2015, June
9, 2015, September 3, 2015, December 7, 2015, March 1, 2016, June 2, 2016 and September 7, 2016 our Board of Directors declared
quarterly cash dividends in the amount of $0.25 per share. We intend to continue to pay such quarterly cash dividends for the
foreseeable future; however, the payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is based on future
earnings, cash flow, financial condition, capital requirements, changes in U.S. taxation and other relevant factors. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer
and Affiliated Purchases 

There were no purchases made during the
fourth quarter of the issuer s fiscal year. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company has options
outstanding under two stock option plans, the 2004 Stock Option Plan (the  2004 Plan ) and the 2010 Stock Option Plan
(the  2010 Plan ), which was approved by shareholders in the second quarter of 2010. Effective with this approval,
the Company terminated the 2004 Plan. This 

action terminated
the 400 authorized but unissued options under the 2004 Plan, but it did not affect any of the options previously issued under
the 2004 Plan. Options granted under the 2004 Plan are exercisable at prices at least equal to the fair market value of such stock
on the dates the options were granted. The options expire ten years after the date of grant. Options granted under the 2010 Plan
are exercisable at prices at least equal to the fair market value of such stock on the dates the options were granted. The options
expire ten years after the date of grant. 

On April 5, 2016, the shareholders of
the Company approved the 2016 Stock Option Plan and the Section 162(m) Cash Bonus Plan. Under the 2016 Stock Option Plan, 500,000
options were authorized for future grant and are exercisable at prices at least equal to the fair market value of such stock on
the dates the options were granted. The options expire ten years after the date of grant. Under the Section 162(m) Cash Bonus
Plan, compensation paid in excess of $1,000,000 to any employee who is the chief executive officer, or one of the three highest
paid executive officers on the last day of that tax year (other than the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer)
will meet certain  performance-based  requirements of Section 162(m) and the related IRS regulations in order for
it to be tax deductible. 

No options were granted during the years
ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 under any of the above plans. 

During the year ended October 3, 2015,
options to purchase 139,500 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $29.36 per share expired unexercised. 

The following is a summary of the securities
issued and authorized for issuance under our Stock Option Plans at October 1, 2016: 

Plan
Category  
      (a)
    Number of  
     securities to be  
     issued upon   
     exercise of   
     outstanding  
     options, warrants   
     and rights  
      (b)
    Weighted -  
     average exercise  
     price of  
     outstanding  
     options, warrants  
     and rights  
      (c)
    Number of securities  
     remaining available for  
     future issuance under equity  
     compensation plans  
     (excluding securities  
     reflected in column (a))   
 
     Equity
    compensation plans approved by shareholders 
     518,608 
     $20.33 
     500,000  
 
     Equity
    compensation plans not approved by shareholders 1  
     None 
     N/A 
     None  
 
     Total 
     518,608 
     $20.33 
     500,000  

Of the 518,608 options outstanding on
October 1, 2016, 323,000 were held by the Company s officers and directors. 

(1)  The Company has no equity compensation plan that was not approved
                                         by shareholders.   

Stock Performance Graph 

The graph set forth below compares the
yearly percentage change in cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Common Stock for the five-year period commencing
October 1, 2011 and ending September 30, 2016 against the cumulative total return on the NASDAQ Market Index and a peer group
comprised of those public companies whose business activities fall within the same standard industrial classification code as
the Company. This graph assumes a $100 investment in the Company s Common 

Stock and in each
index on October 1, 2011 and that all dividends paid by companies included in each index were reinvested. 

Item 6.    Selected Consolidated Financial Data  

Not applicable. 

Item 7.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Overview  

As
of October 1, 2016, the Company owned and operated 21 restaurants and bars, 19 fast food concepts and catering operations, exclusively
in the United States, that have similar economic characteristics, nature of products and service, class of customer and distribution
methods. The Company believes it meets the criteria for aggregating its operating segments into a single reporting segment in
accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended October 1, 2016 includes
revenues and operating income of approximately $4,763,000 and $523,000, respectively, related to  Shuckers 
in Jensen Beach, FL, which was acquired on October 22, 2015.   

Accounting Period  

Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest
September 30. We report fiscal years under a 52/53-week format. This reporting method is used by many companies in the hospitality
industry and is meant to improve year-to-year comparisons of operating results. Under this method, certain years will contain
53 weeks. The fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 included 52 weeks and the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015 included 53 weeks. 

Seasonality  

The
Company has substantial fixed costs that do not decline proportionally with sales. The first and second fiscal quarters, which
include the winter months, usually reflect lower customer traffic than in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. However, sales
in the third and fourth fiscal quarters can be adversely affected by inclement weather due to the significant amount of outdoor
seating at the Company s restaurants.     

Results of Operations  

The Company s operating income of
$7,394,000 for the year ended October 1, 2016 decreased 17.3% compared to operating income of $8,941,000 for the year ended October
3, 2015. This decrease resulted primarily from: (i) a decrease in operating income of  The Rustic Inn  in Dania Beach, Florida
in the amount of $509,000 due to a road construction project started in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 by the local municipality
that is expected to last approximately 18 months, (ii) the closure, due to lease expiration, of  V Bar  in November 2015,
(iii) the closure of  Center Cafe  in February 2016, and (iv) higher than expected operating payrolls due to labor law changes
partially offset by: (i) operating income related to  Shuckers  in Jensen Beach, FL in the amount of $523,000 (which was
acquired on October 22, 2015), (ii) operating income related to the  Southwest Porch  in Bryant Park, NY in the amount of
$817,000 (which opened on July 1, 2015), (iii) the reversal of commercial rent tax liabilities in the amount of $1,101,000, and
(iv) the correction of an immaterial error related to an overstatement of a rent liability in the amount of $261,000. 

The following table summarizes the significant
components of the Company s operating results for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively: 

Revenues  

During the Company s year ended
October 1, 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ), revenues increased 2.9% compared to the year ended October 3, 2015 ( fiscal
2015 ). This increase resulted primarily from revenues related to  Shuckers  in Jensen Beach, FL (which was acquired
on October 22, 2015) and revenues related to the  Southwest Porch  in Bryant Park, NY (which opened on July 1, 2015), partially
offset by the same-store sales impacts discussed below and the closure of  Center Caf   in Washington, DC and three
properties in Las Vegas ( V Bar, Shake   Burger and Towers Deli ) as a result of lease expirations. 

Food and Beverage
Same-Store Sales  

On a Company-wide basis,
same store food and beverage sales decreased 2.0% for the year ended October 1, 2016 as compared to the year ended October 3,
2015 as follows: 

Same-store sales in
Las Vegas (which exclude the  V Bar ,  Shake   Burger  and  Towers Deli  properties as they were closed during
the periods) decreased 1.1% primarily as a result of increased competition. Same-store sales in New York increased 0.8%, primarily
as a result of good weather conditions. Same-store sales in Washington, DC, which excludes  Center Caf   which closed
in February 2016, decreased 1.6% as a result of construction in Union Station where our  Thunder Grill  property is located.
Same-store sales in Atlantic City increased 5.5% primarily due to increased traffic at the properties in which we operate our
restaurants. Same-store sales in Boston decreased 8.1% primarily as a result of poor winter weather conditions as compared to
the same period last year. Same-store sales in Connecticut decreased 0.7% due to declining traffic at the Foxwoods Resort and
Casino where our properties are located. Same-store sales in Florida decreased 8.6% reflecting decreased traffic at  The Rustic
Inn  in Dania Beach, FL due to a road construction project started in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 by the local municipality
that is expected to last approximately 18 months, combined with increased competition at one of our food court properties. Other
food and beverage sales consist of sales related to new restaurants opened or acquired during the applicable period (e.g.,  Southwest
Porch  and  Shuckers ), sales related to properties that were closed during the periods due to lease expiration and other
closures and other catering sales. 

Our restaurants generally do not achieve
substantial increases in revenue from year to year, which we consider to be typical of the restaurant industry. To achieve significant
increases in revenue or to replace revenue of restaurants that lose customer favor or which close because of lease expirations
or other reasons, we would have to open additional restaurant facilities or expand existing restaurants. There can be no assurance
that a restaurant will be successful after it is opened, particularly since in many instances we do not operate our new restaurants
under a trade name currently used by us, thereby requiring new restaurants to establish their own identity. 

Other Revenue  

The increase in Other
Revenue for fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 is primarily due to an increase in purchase service fees. 

Costs and Expenses  

Costs and expenses for the years ended
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

The decrease in food and beverage costs
as a percentage of total revenues for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 is primarily the result of menu price increases in fiscal
2016 and the stabilization of commodity prices. 

Payroll expenses as a percentage of total
revenues for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 increased primarily as a result of labor law changes and payroll incurred at
 The Rustic Inn  in Jupiter, FL with no corresponding increase in sales. 

Occupancy expenses as a percentage of
total revenues, excluding the impact of the reversal of commercial rent tax liabilities in the amount of $1,101,000 and the correction
of an error related to an overstatement of a rent liability in the amount of $261,000, for fiscal 2016 were consistent with the
same period of last year. 

Other operating costs and expenses as
a percentage of total revenues for fiscal 2016 increased slightly as compared to fiscal 2015 as a result of fixed costs at properties
where sales declined. 

General and administrative expenses (which
relate solely to the corporate office in New York City) as a percentage of total revenues for fiscal 2016 increased as compared
to the same period of last year primarily as a result of annual compensation adjustments and transaction costs in the first quarter
of fiscal 2016 of approximately $160,000 incurred in connection with the purchase of  Shuckers . 

Income Taxes   

Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets
and liabilities, and liabilities for uncertain tax positions reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes
to be paid. We are subject to income tax in numerous state taxing jurisdictions. Significant judgement and estimates are required
in the determination of consolidated income tax expense. The provision for income taxes reflects federal income taxes calculated
on a consolidated basis and state and local income taxes which are calculated on a separate entity basis. Most of the restaurants
we own or manage are owned or managed by a separate legal entity. 

For state and local income tax purposes,
certain losses incurred by a subsidiary may only be used to offset that subsidiary s income, with the exception of the restaurants
operating in the District of Columbia. Accordingly, our overall effective tax rate has varied depending on the level of income
and losses incurred at individual subsidiaries. 

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary
differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will
result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets in the jurisdiction
from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. The assumptions about
future taxable income require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to
manage the underlying businesses. 

Our overall effective tax rate in the
future will be affected by factors such as income earned by our VIEs, generation of FICA TIP credits and the mix of geographical
income for state tax purposes as Nevada does not impose an income tax. 

The Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993
provides tax credits to us for FICA taxes paid on tip income of restaurant service personnel. The net benefit to us was $854,000
and $810,000 in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary source of capital has been
cash provided by operations. We utilize cash generated from operations to fund the cost of developing and opening new restaurants,
acquiring existing restaurants owned by others and remodeling existing restaurants we own; however, in recent years, we have utilized
bank and other borrowings to finance specific transactions. 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities
for fiscal 2016 was $7,602,000, compared to $11,301,000 for the prior year. This decrease was attributable to a decrease in operating
income discussed above combined with changes in net working capital primarily related to accounts receivable, prepaid, refundable
and accrued income taxes and accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Net cash used in investing activities
for fiscal 2016 was $3,045,000 and resulted primarily from purchases of fixed assets at existing restaurants, an additional $200,000
loan made to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC and the cash portion of the purchase of  Shuckers  in the amount of $717,000. 

Net cash used in investing activities
for fiscal 2015 was $3,659,000 and resulted primarily from purchases of fixed assets at existing restaurants and improvements
made at our property,  The Rustic Inn  in Jupiter, FL, which was opened in the last week of January 2015. 

Net cash used in financing activities
for fiscal 2016 of $7,053,000 resulted primarily from the payment of dividends, principal payments on notes payable and distributions
to non-controlling interests. 

Net cash used in financing activities
for fiscal 2015 of $6,569,000 resulted from the payment of dividends, principal payments on notes payable and distributions to
non-controlling interests partially offset by the proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 

The Company had a working capital deficiency
of $658,000 at October 1, 2016, as compared to working capital of $129,000 at October 3, 2015. We believe that our existing cash
balances and cash provided by 

operations will be
sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital spending requirements at least through the next 12 months. 

On January 4, 2016, April 4, 2016, July
1, 2016 and October 5, 2016, the Company paid quarterly cash dividends in the amount of $0.25 per share on the Company s
common stock. The Company intends to continue to pay such quarterly cash dividend for the foreseeable future; however, the payment
of future dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is based on future earnings, cash flow,
financial condition, capital requirements, changes in U.S. taxation and other relevant factors. 

Restaurant Expansion  

On March 27, 2015, the Company, through
a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement to operate a kiosk in Bryant Park, New York, NY for the sale of food and
beverages for an initial period expiring through March 31, 2020 with an option to extend the agreement for five additional years.
Renovations totaled approximately $400,000 and the property opened in July 2015. 

On July 24, 2015, the Company, through
a wholly-owned subsidiary, paid $544,000 (including a $144,000 security deposit) to assume the lease for an event space located
in New York, NY. The assumed lease expires through March 31, 2026 with an option to extend the agreement for five additional years
and provides for annual rent in the amount of approximately $300,000. 

On October 22, 2015, the Company, through
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Ark Shuckers, LLC, Ark Shuckers Real Estate, LLC, and Ark Island Beach Resort LLC, acquired the
assets of Shuckers Inc., a restaurant and bar located at the Island Beach Resort in Jensen Beach, FL, and six condominium units
(four of which house the restaurant and bar operations) and a management company that handles the rental pool for certain condominium
units under lease with Island Beach Resort, Inc. The total purchase price was for $5,650,000 plus inventory. The acquisition was
accounted for as a business combination and was financed with a bank loan from the Company s existing lender in the amount
of $5,000,000 and cash from operations. 

In connection with this transaction, the
Company also entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Revolving Facility ) with Bank Hapoalim B.M. (the  Bank )
which expires on October 21, 2017. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility will be evidenced by a promissory note (the  Revolving
Note ) in favor of the Bank in the amount of up to $10,000,000 and will be payable over five years with interest at an annual
rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.5% per year. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility are secured by a senior secured interest in all
of the Company s and several of its subsidiaries  personal and fixture property, but generally not in any directly
held investment property or general intangibles. 

The opening of a new restaurant is invariably
accompanied by substantial pre-opening expenses and early operating losses associated with the training of personnel, excess kitchen
costs, costs of supervision and other expenses during the pre-opening period and during a post-opening  shake out 
period until operations can be considered to be functioning normally. The amount of such pre-opening expenses and early operating
losses can generally be expected to depend upon the size and complexity of the facility being opened. 

Our restaurants generally do not achieve
substantial increases in revenue from year to year, which we consider to be typical of the restaurant industry. To achieve significant
increases in revenue or to replace revenue of restaurants that lose customer favor or which close because of lease expirations
or other reasons, we would have to open additional restaurant facilities or expand existing restaurants. There can 

be no assurance that
a restaurant will be successful after it is opened, particularly since in many instances we do not operate our new restaurants
under a trade name currently used by us, thereby requiring new restaurants to establish their own identity. 

We may take advantage of other opportunities
we consider to be favorable, when they occur, depending upon the availability of financing and other factors. 

Investment in and Receivable from New
Meadowlands Racetrack  

On March 12, 2013, the Company made
a $4,200,000 investment in the New Meadowlands Racetrack LLC ( NMR ) through its purchase of a membership
interest in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC, an existing member of NMR. On November 19, 2013, the Company invested an additional
$464,000 in NMR through a purchase of an additional membership interest in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC resulting in a total
ownership of 11.6% of Meadowlands Newmark, LLC and an ownership interest of 7.4% in NMR. In 2015, the Company invested an
additional $222,000, as a result of capital calls, bringing its total investment to $4,886,000 with no change in ownership.
In addition to the Company s ownership interest in NMR, if casino gaming is approved at the Meadowlands and NMR is
granted the right to conduct said gaming, the Company shall be granted the exclusive right to operate the food and beverage
concessions in the gaming facility with the exception of one restaurant. The voter referendum for casino gaming in Northern
New Jersey was defeated in November 2016. State law prohibits the issue from being put on the ballot before voters for the
following two years. In connection with NMR s restructuring of an existing loan which comes due on June 30,
2018, and to extend the loan through December 2021, the Company expects to fund its proportionate share of an anticipated $3
million capital call in January 2017 rather than having its interest diluted. 

In conjunction with this investment, the
Company, through a 98% owned subsidiary, Ark Meadowlands LLC ( AM VIE ), also entered into a long-term agreement with
NMR for the exclusive right to operate food and beverage concessions serving the new raceway facilities (the  Racing F B
Concessions ) located in the new raceway grandstand constructed at the Meadowlands Racetrack in northern New Jersey. Under
the agreement, NMR is responsible to pay for the costs and expenses incurred in the operation of the Racing F B Concessions,
and all revenues and profits thereof inure to the benefit of NMR. AM VIE receives an annual fee equal to 5% of the net profits
received by NMR from the Racing F B Concessions during each calendar year. 

On April 25, 2014, the Company loaned
$1,500,000 to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC. The note bears interest at 3%, compounded monthly and added to the principal, and is due
in its entirety on January 31, 2024. The note may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time without penalty or premium. On
July 13, 2016, the Company made an additional loan to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC in the amount of $200,000. Such amount is subject
to the same terms and conditions as the original loan as discussed above. 

Recent Restaurant Dispositions and
Charges  

Lease Expirations    On October
31, 2014, the Company s lease at the  Towers Deli  located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired.
The closure of this property did not result in a material charge. 

On November 30, 2014, the Company s
lease at the  Shake   Burger  located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure of this property
did not result in a material charge. 

On November 30, 2015, the Company s
lease at the  V-Bar  located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure of this property did not
result in a material charge. 

The Company was advised by the landlord
that it would have to vacate the  Center Caf   property located at Union Station in Washington, DC which was on a
month-to-month lease. The closure of this property occurred in February 2016 and did not result in a material charge. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our significant accounting policies are
more fully described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. While all of these significant accounting policies impact
our financial condition and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical
are those policies that have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements and require management to use
a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

We believe that given current facts and
circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause a material effect
on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows for the periods presented in this report. 

Below are listed certain policies that
management believes are critical: 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The accounting
estimates that require our most difficult and subjective judgments include allowances for potential bad debts on receivables,
the useful lives and recoverability of our assets, such as property and intangibles, fair values of financial instruments and
share-based compensation, the realizable value of our tax assets and other matters. Because of the uncertainty in such estimates,
actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Long-Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets, such as property, plant
and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In the evaluation of the fair value and future benefits
of long-lived assets, we perform an analysis of the anticipated undiscounted future net cash flows of the related long-lived assets.
If the carrying value of the related asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the carrying value is reduced to its fair value.
Various factors including estimated future sales growth and estimated profit margins are included in this analysis. 

Management continually evaluates unfavorable
cash flows, if any, related to underperforming restaurants. Periodically it is concluded that certain properties have become impaired
based on their existing and anticipated future economic outlook in their respective markets. In such instances, we may impair
assets to reduce their carrying values to fair values. Estimated fair values of impaired properties are based on comparable valuations,
cash flows and/or management judgment. No impairment charges were necessary for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3,
2015. 

Recoverability
of Investment in New Meadowlands Racetrack ( NMR )  

The carrying value of our Investment
in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC, which has a 63.7% ownership in NMR, is determined using the cost method. In accordance with the
cost method, our initial investment is recorded at cost and we record dividend income when applicable, if dividends are
declared. We review our Investment in NMR each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in
circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on its fair value, such as the defeat of the referendum for casino
gaming in Northern New Jersey in November 2016. 

As a result, we performed an
assessment of the recoverability of our indirect Investment in NMR as of October 1, 2016 which involved critical accounting
estimates. These estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often
interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. Factors that management estimated include, among others,
the probability of gambling being approved in Northern New Jersey which is the most heavily weighted assumption and NMR obtaining
a license to operate a casino, revenue levels, cost of capital, marketing spending, tax rates and capital spending. 

In performing this assessment,
we estimate the fair value of our Investment in NMR using our best estimate of these assumptions which we believe would be consistent
with what a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions,
including uncertainty about future events and our inabiliy as a minority shareholder to control certain outcomes and thus our accounting
estimates may change from period to period. If other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment
charges could have resulted. 

As mentioned above, these
factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing
a single factor. Furthermore, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur in future periods, future
impairment charges could result. 

Leases  

We recognize rent expense on a straight-line
basis over the expected lease term, including option periods as described below. Within the provisions of certain leases there
are escalations in payments over the base lease term, as well as renewal periods. The effects of the escalations have been reflected
in rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term, which includes option periods when it is deemed to be reasonably
assured that we would incur an economic penalty for not exercising the option. Percentage rent expense is generally based upon
sales levels and is expensed as incurred. Certain leases include both base rent and percentage rent. We record rent expense on
these leases based upon reasonably assured sales levels. The consolidated financial statements reflect the same lease terms for
amortizing leasehold improvements as were used in calculating straight-line rent expense for each restaurant. Our judgments may
produce materially different amounts of amortization and rent expense than would be reported if different lease terms were used. 

Deferred Income Tax Valuation Allowance  

We provide such allowance due to uncertainty
that some of the deferred tax amounts may not be realized. Certain items, such as state and local tax loss carryforwards, are
dependent on future earnings or the availability of tax strategies. Future results could require an increase or decrease in the
valuation allowance and a resulting adjustment to income in such period. 

Goodwill and
Trademarks  

Goodwill is recorded when the purchase
price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired.
Trademarks are considered to have an indefinite life. Goodwill and trademarks are not amortized, but are subject to impairment
analysis at least once annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that a reporting
unit s carrying amount is greater than its fair value. At October 1, 2016, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of factors
to determine whether further impairment testing is required. Based on the results of the work performed, the Company has concluded
that no impairment loss was warranted at October 1, 2016. Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and 

market considerations,
overall financial performance and other relevant events, management expertise and stability at key positions. Additional impairment
analyses at future dates may be performed to determine if indicators of impairment are present, and if so, such amount will be
determined and the associated charge will be recorded to the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Share-Based Compensation 

The Company measures share-based compensation
cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognizes it as expense over the applicable vesting period using
the straight-line method. Excess income tax benefits related to share-based compensation expense that must be recognized directly
in equity are considered financing rather than operating cash flow activities. 

The fair value of each of the Company s
stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses assumptions that relate to
the expected volatility of the Company s common stock, the expected dividend yield of our stock, the expected life of the
options and the risk free interest rate. The Company generally issues new shares upon the exercise of employee stock options. 

Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting
Standards  

See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including those adopted in fiscal 2016 and the
expected dates of adoption and the anticipated impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recent Developments  

See Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for a description of recent developments that have occurred subsequent to October 1, 2016. 

Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

Not applicable. 

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

Our Consolidated Financial Statements
are included in this report immediately following Part IV. 

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 9A .   Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

As of October
1, 2016 (the end of the period covered by this report), management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, at the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f),
and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2016. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Management performed an assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2016 based upon the criteria set forth in
Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
( COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of October 1, 2016. 

This Annual Report does not include an
attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting as
management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the permanent
exemption of the SEC that permits us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been
no changes in our internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the quarter ended October 1, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B .   Other Information  

None. 

PART III  

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

Information relating to our directors
and executive officers is incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days
after the end of the fiscal year covered by this form (the  Proxy Statement ). Information relating to compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that
applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons
performing similar functions. We will provide any person without charge, upon request, a copy of such code of ethics by mailing
the request to us at 85 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10003, Attention: Robert Stewart. 

Item 11.    Executive Compensation  

The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters  

The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

PART IV  

Item 15.   
       Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules    

(a) 
     (1) 
     Financial Statements: 
      Page   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
    Firm  
     F-1  

Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets --  
                                    at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015   
     F-2  

Consolidated
                                    Statements of Income    
                                    years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015   
     F-3  

Consolidated
                                    Statements of Changes in Equity --  
                                    years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015   
     F-4  

Consolidated
                                    Statements of Cash Flows --  
                                    years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015   
     F-5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
     F-6  

(2) 
     Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) 
      Exhibits: 
           
         The exhibits required by Item 601 of
        Regulation S-K and filed herewith are listed in the Exhibit List immediately preceding the exhibits.  

39 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

Ark Restaurants Corp. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Ark Restaurants Corp. and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended October 1, 2016. Ark Restaurants Corp. and Subsidiaries  management is responsible for these consolidated financial
statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Ark Restaurants Corp. and Subsidiaries
as of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, and their results of operations and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended October 1, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

Jericho, New York 

 December 30, 2016 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

 (In Thousands, Except Per Share
Amounts) 

See notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

 (In Thousands, Except Per Share
Amounts) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN EQUITY  

  YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2016 AND OCTOBER 3, 2015  

 (In Thousands, Except Per Share
Amounts) 

See notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

 (In Thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.  BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

As of October 1, 2016, Ark
Restaurants Corp. and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) owned and operated 21 restaurants and bars, 19 fast food concepts
and catering operations, exclusively in the United States, that have similar economic characteristics, nature of products and service,
class of customers and distribution methods. The Company believes it meets the criteria for aggregating its operating segments
into a single reporting segment in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. 

The Company operates six restaurants
in New York City, two in Washington, D.C., five in Las Vegas, Nevada, three in Atlantic City, New Jersey, one at the Foxwoods Resort
Casino in Ledyard, Connecticut, one in Boston, Massachusetts and three in Florida. The Las Vegas operations include four restaurants
within the New York-New York Hotel   Casino Resort and operation of the hotel s room service, banquet facilities, employee
dining room and six food court concepts and one restaurant within the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino. In Atlantic City, New
Jersey, the Company operates a restaurant and a bar in the Resorts Atlantic City Hotel and Casino and a restaurant and bar at the
Tropicana Hotel and Casino. The operation at the Foxwoods Resort Casino consists of one fast food concept and a restaurant. In
Boston, Massachusetts, the Company operates a restaurant in the Faneuil Hall Marketplace. The Florida operations include two Rustic
Inn s, one in Dania Beach, Florida and one in Jupiter, Florida, Shuckers in Jensen Beach, Florida and the operation of five
fast food facilities in Tampa, Florida and seven fast food facilities in Hollywood, Florida, each at a Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. 

Basis of Presentation
    The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ). The Company s reporting currency is the United States dollar. 

During the quarter ended July
2, 2016, the Company identified an immaterial error in previously issued financial statements related to an overstatement of a
rent liability in the amount of $261,000 ($191,000 net of tax or $0.06 per basic and $0.05 per diluted share for the 13 and 39-weeks
ended July 2, 2016). The Company reviewed this accounting error utilizing SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99,  Materiality 
( SAB 99 ) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,  Effects of Prior Year Misstatements on Current Year Financial
Statements  ( SAB 108 ) and determined the impact of the error to be immaterial to any prior period s presentation.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements as of October 1, 2016 reflect the correction of the aforementioned immaterial
error. 

Accounting Period    
The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest September 30. The fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 included 52 weeks
and the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015 included 53 weeks. 

Use of Estimates    
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The accounting estimates that require
management s most difficult and subjective judgments include allowances for potential bad debts on receivables, the useful
lives and recoverability of its assets, such as property and intangibles, fair values of financial instruments and share-based
compensation, the realizable value of its tax assets and determining when investment impairments are other-than-temporary. Because
of the uncertainty in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation
      The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ark Restaurants Corp. and all of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, partnerships and other entities in which it has a controlling interest. Also included in the consolidated financial
statements are certain variable interest entities ( VIEs ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Non-Controlling Interests
      Non-controlling interests represent capital contributions, income and loss attributable to the shareholders
of less than wholly-owned and consolidated entities. 

Seasonality    
The Company has substantial fixed costs that do not decline proportionally with sales. The first and second fiscal quarters,
which include the winter months, usually reflect lower customer traffic than in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. However,
sales in the third and fourth fiscal quarters can be adversely affected by inclement weather due to the significant amount of outdoor
seating at the Company s restaurants. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments       The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximate fair value due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. The fair values of
notes receivable and payable are determined using current applicable rates for similar instruments as of the balance sheet date
and approximate the carrying value of such debt. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits with banks and highly liquid investments
generally with original maturities of three months or less.  Outstanding checks in excess of account balances, typically
vendor payments, payroll and other contractual obligations disbursed after the last day of a reporting period are reported as a
current liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Concentrations of Credit
Risk     Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily
of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company reduces credit risk by placing its cash and cash equivalents
with major financial institutions with high credit ratings. At times, such amounts may exceed Federally insured limits. Accounts
receivable are primarily comprised of normal business receivables such as credit card receivables that are paid off in a short
period of time and amounts due from the hotel operators where the Company has a location, and are recorded when the products or
services have been delivered. The Company reviews the collectability of its receivables on an ongoing basis, and provides for an
allowance when it considers the entity unable to meet its obligation. The concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts
receivable is generally limited due to the short payment terms extended by the Company and the number of customers comprising the
Company s customer base.     

For the years ended October
1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the Company did not make purchases from any one vendor that accounted for 10% or greater of total
purchases. 

Inventories    
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market, and consist of food and beverages, merchandise for
sale and other supplies. 

Fixed Assets     
 Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is determined using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range from  three  to  seven  years
for furniture, fixtures and equipment and up to  40  years for buildings and related improvements.
Amortization of improvements to leased properties is computed using the straight-line method based upon the initial term of the
applicable lease or the estimated useful life of the improvements, whichever is less, and ranges from 5 to 30 years. For leases
with renewal periods at the Company s option, if failure to exercise a renewal option imposes an economic penalty to the
Company, management may determine at the inception of the lease that renewal is reasonably assured and include the renewal option
period in the determination of appropriate estimated useful lives. Routine expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged
to expense when incurred. Major replacements and improvements are capitalized. Upon retirement or disposition of fixed assets,
the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and any resulting gain or loss is
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Company includes in construction
in progress improvements to restaurants that are under construction or are undergoing substantial improvements. Once the projects
have been completed, the Company begins depreciating and amortizing the assets. Start-up costs incurred during the construction
period of restaurants, including rental of premises, training and payroll, are expensed as incurred. 

Intangible Assets    
Intangible assets consist principally of purchased leasehold rights, operating rights and covenants not to compete. Costs associated
with acquiring leases and subleases, principally purchased leasehold rights, and operating rights have been capitalized and are
being amortized on the straight-line method based upon the initial terms of the applicable lease agreements. Covenants not to compete
arising from restaurant acquisitions are amortized over the contractual period, typically five years. 

Long-lived Assets     
 Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In
the evaluation of the fair value and future benefits of long-lived assets, the Company performs an analysis of the anticipated
undiscounted future net cash flows of the related long-lived assets. If the carrying value of the related asset exceeds the undiscounted
cash flows, the carrying value is reduced to its fair value. Various factors including estimated future sales growth and estimated
profit margins are included in this analysis. No impairment charges were necessary for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015. 

Goodwill and Trademarks
    Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net
identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. Trademarks are considered to have an indefinite life. Goodwill and trademarks
are not amortized, but are subject to impairment analysis at least once annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event
or when circumstances indicate that a reporting unit s carrying amount is greater than its fair value. At October 1, 2016, the
Company performed a qualitative assessment of factors to determine whether further impairment testing is required. Based on the
results of the work performed, the Company has concluded that no impairment loss was warranted at October 1, 2016. Qualitative
factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance and other relevant
events, management expertise and stability at key positions. Additional impairment analyses at future dates may be performed to
determine if indicators of impairment are present, and if so, such amount will be determined and the associated charge will be
recorded to the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Investments    
Each reporting period, the Company reviews its investments in equity and debt securities, except for those classified as trading,
to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value
of such investment. When such events or changes occur, the Company evaluates the fair value compared to cost basis in the investment.
For investments in non-publicly traded companies, management s assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies including
discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds, and appraisals, as appropriate. The Company considers the assumptions that
it believes hypothetical marketplace participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted
cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. 

In the event the fair value
of an investment declines below the Company s cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value
is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. Management s
assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which
the market value has been less than the cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and the Company s
intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. 

Leases     
 The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term, including option periods as described
below. Within the provisions of certain leases there are escalations in payments over the base lease term, as well as renewal periods.
The effects of the escalations have been reflected in rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term, which
includes option periods when it is deemed to be reasonably assured that the Company would incur an economic penalty for not exercising
the option. Tenant allowances are included in the straight-line calculations and are being deferred over the lease term and reflected
as a reduction in rent expense. Percentage rent expense is generally based upon sales levels and is expensed as incurred. Certain
leases include both base rent and percentage rent. The Company records rent expense on these leases based upon reasonably assured
sales levels. The consolidated financial statements reflect the same lease terms for amortizing leasehold improvements as were
used in calculating straight-line rent expense for each restaurant. The judgments of the Company may produce materially different
amounts of amortization and rent expense than would be reported if different lease terms were used. 

Revenue Recognition    
Company-owned restaurant sales are comprised almost entirely of food and beverage sales. The Company records revenue at the time
of the purchase of products by customers. Included in Other Revenues are purchase service fees which represent commissions earned
by a subsidiary of the Company for providing purchasing services to other restaurant groups. 

The Company offers customers
the opportunity to purchase gift certificates. At the time of purchase by the customer, the Company records a gift certificate
liability for the face value of the certificate purchased. The Company recognizes the revenue and reduces the gift certificate
liability when the certificate is redeemed. The Company does not reduce its recorded liability for potential non-use of purchased
gift cards. As of October 1, 2016, the total liability for gift cards in the amount of $161,487 is included in Accrued Expenses
and Other Current Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Additionally, the Company presents
sales tax on a net basis in its consolidated financial statements. 

Occupancy Expenses     
 Occupancy expenses include rent, rent taxes, real estate taxes, insurance and utility costs. 

Defined Contribution
Plan       The Company offers a defined contribution savings plan (the  Plan ) to all of its full-time
employees. Eligible employees may contribute pre-tax amounts to the Plan subject to the Internal Revenue Code limitations. Company
contributions to the Plan are at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3,
2015, the Company did not make any contributions to the Plan. 

Income Taxes     
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for future tax consequences attributable to the temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes
the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company has recorded a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in an income tax return.  It
is the Company s policy to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax
expense.  Uncertain tax positions are evaluated and adjusted as appropriate, while taking into account the progress of audits
of various taxing jurisdictions. 

Non-controlling
interests relating to the income or loss of consolidated partnerships includes no provision for income taxes as any tax liability
related thereto is the responsibility of the individual minority investors. 

Income Per Share of Common
Stock       Basic net income per share is calculated on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during each period. Diluted net income per share reflects the additional dilutive effect of potentially dilutive shares
(principally those arising from the assumed exercise of stock options). 

Stock-based Compensation
      The Company  measures stock-based compensation cost at the grant date based on
the fair value of the award and recognizes it as expense over the applicable vesting period using the straight-line method. Upon
exercise of options, excess income tax benefits related to share-based compensation expense that must be recognized directly in
equity are considered financing rather than operating cash flow activities. The Company did not grant any options during the fiscal
years 2016 and 2015. The Company generally issues new shares upon the exercise of employee stock options.   

The fair value of each of the
Company s stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses assumptions
that relate to the expected volatility of the Company s common stock, the expected dividend yield of the Company s
stock, the expected life of the options and the risk free interest rate. 

Recently Adopted Accounting
Standards     In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which changes the presentation
of debt issuance costs in a reporting entity s financial statements. Under this new guidance, debt issuance costs will be presented
as a direct deduction from the related debt liability instead of an asset. This accounting change is consistent with the current
presentation under GAAP for debt discounts and it also converges the guidance under GAAP with that in the International Financial
Reporting Standards. Debt issuance costs will reduce the proceeds from debt borrowings in the statement of cash flows 

instead of being presented
as a separate caption in the financing section of that statement. Amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported
as interest expense in the statements of income. This accounting update does not affect the current accounting guidance for the
recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs. This update is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted for all entities for
financial statements that have not been previously issued. This guidance has been adopted by the Company as of October 4, 2015
and did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . The new guidance simplifies the accounting
for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination and eliminates the requirement to retrospectively
account for those adjustments. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those
annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance has been adopted by the Company
as of October 4, 2015 and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The new guidance requires
that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance
sheet. The guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December
15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance has been adopted on a prospective basis by the Company for the fiscal
year ended October 3, 2015. 

New Accounting Standards
Not Yet Adopted      In May 2014, the FASB issued updated accounting guidance that provides
a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services
to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally,
this guidance expands related disclosure requirements. The pronouncement is effective for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is not permitted. This update permits the use of either the retrospective
or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows as well as the expected adoption method.  

In June 2014, the FASB issued
guidance which clarifies the recognition of stock-based compensation over the required service period, if it is probable that the
performance condition will be achieved. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2015 and should be applied prospectively. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued
guidance that requires management to evaluate, at each annual and interim reporting period, the company s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued and provide related disclosures. This accounting
guidance is effective for the Company on a prospective basis beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and is not expected
to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued
guidance simplifying the income statement presentation by eliminating the concept of extraordinary items. Extraordinary items are
events and transactions that are distinguished by their unusual nature and by the infrequency of their occurrence. Eliminating
the extraordinary classification simplifies income statement presentation by altogether removing the concept of extraordinary items
from consideration. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods, including interim periods within those reporting
periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning
of the annual reporting period. The Company does not believe this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB
amended the consolidation standards for reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain
legal entities. Under the new guidance, all legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. Specifically,
the guidance (i) modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities
(VIEs) or voting 

interest entities; (ii) eliminates
the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership; (iii) affects the consolidation analysis of reporting
entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and (iv) provides
a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply
with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act for registered
money market funds. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption
is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . The guidance requires an entity to measure
inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business,
less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation, rather than the lower of cost or market in the previous
guidance. This amendment applies to inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO). This amendment is effective for
public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. A reporting entity
should apply the amendments prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its financial position or results
of operations. 

In January 2016, FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments-Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .
The guidance will require equity investments in unconsolidated entities (other than those accounted for using the equity method
of accounting) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The amendments in this update
will also simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative
assessment to identify impairment, eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost
on the balance sheet and require these entities to use the exit price notion when measuring fair value of financial instruments
for disclosure purposes. This guidance also changes the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments as well
as clarifying the guidance related to valuation allowance assessments when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized
losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The amendments in this guidance are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements of fiscal years
and interim periods that have not been issued. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this ASU on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases . This ASU is intended to improve the reporting of leasing transactions to provide users of
financial statements with more decision-useful information. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets to recognize
on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. The amendments in this
update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Principal versus Agent Considerations . This ASU is intended
to clarify revenue recognition accounting when a third party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer. The amendments
in this update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those annual periods, and early application is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December
16, 2016. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .
This ASU is intended to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are
effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within
those annual periods, and early application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual 

reporting period. The Company
is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing . This ASU
is intended to clarify identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance. The amendments in this update
are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early application is permitted,
but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 16, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have
a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This ASU addresses eight specific cash flow
issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The guidance is to be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented and is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods
within those annual periods. The Company is currently assessing the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory . The amendments in this ASU remove
the prohibition against the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than
inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-17,  Consolidation: Interests Held through Related Parties That Are Under Common Control . The amendments in
this ASU change how a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a variable interest entity should treat indirect interests
in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity when determining whether it
is the primary beneficiary of that variable interest entity. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash . The amendments address diversity in practice that exists
in the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash and require that a statement of cash flows explain the change
during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash
equivalents. This ASU is effective retrospectively for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December
15, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

2.  CONSOLIDATION OF VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

The Company consolidates any
variable interest entities in which it holds a variable interest and is the primary beneficiary. Generally, a variable interest
entity, or VIE, is an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is not
sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group the
holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about an entity s activities through voting
or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected
residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests
and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately
few voting rights. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is generally the entity that has (a) the power to direct the activities of
the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or the right
to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

The Company has determined
that it is the primary beneficiary of three VIEs and, accordingly, consolidates the financial results of these entities. Following
are the required disclosures associated with the Company s consolidated VIEs: 

(1)  Amounts due from Ark Restaurants Corp. and affiliates are eliminated upon consolidation.   

The liabilities recognized
as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent additional claims on the Company s general assets; rather, they
represent claims against the specific assets of the consolidated VIEs. Conversely, assets recognized as a result of consolidating
these VIEs do not represent additional assets that could be used to satisfy claims against the Company s general assets. 

3.  RECENT RESTAURANT EXPANSION 

On October 22, 2015, the Company,
through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Ark Shuckers, LLC and Ark Shuckers Real Estate, LLC, acquired the assets of Shuckers Inc.
( Shuckers ), a restaurant and bar located at the Island Beach Resort in Jensen Beach, FL, and six condominium units
(four of which house the restaurant and bar operations). In addition, Ark Island Beach Resort LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company, acquired Island Beach Resort Inc., a management company that administers a rental pool of certain condominium units
under lease. The total purchase price was $5,717,000. The acquisition is accounted for as a business combination and was financed
with a bank loan in the amount of $5,000,000 and cash from operations. The fair values of the assets acquired were allocated as
follows: 

The above purchase price allocation
resulted in an increase (decrease) related to the trademarks, customer list and goodwill of $240,000, $(110,000) and $(130,000),
respectively, from the preliminary allocation. The resulting changes to customer list amortization were not material to any period
presented. 

The Consolidated Statement
of Income for the year ended October 1, 2016 includes revenues and operating income of approximately $4,763,000 and $523,000, respectively,
related to Shuckers. Transaction costs incurred in the amount of approximately $170,000 are included in general and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended October 1, 2016. The Company expects the Goodwill and indefinite
life Trademarks to be deductible for tax purposes. 

The unaudited pro forma financial
information set forth below is based upon the Company s historical Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 and includes the results of operations for Shuckers for the period prior to acquisition. The
unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and may not be indicative of what actual
results of operations would have been had the acquisition of Shuckers occurred on the dates indicated, nor does it purport to represent
the results of operations for future periods. 

On March 27, 2015, the Company,
through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement to operate a kiosk in Bryant Park, New York, NY for the sale of food
and beverages for an initial period expiring through March 31, 2020 with an option to extend the agreement for five additional
years. Renovations totaled approximately $400,000 and the property opened in July 2015. 

On July 24, 2015, the Company,
through a wholly-owned subsidiary, paid $544,000 (including a $144,000 security deposit) to assume the lease for an event space
located in New York, NY. The assumed lease expires through March 31, 2026 with an option to extend the agreement for five additional
years and provides for annual rent in the amount of approximately $300,000. 

4.  RECENT RESTAURANT DISPOSITIONS 

Lease Expirations    
On October 31, 2014, the Company s lease at the Towers Deli located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired.
The closure of this property did not result in a material charge. 

On November 30, 2014, the Company s
lease at the Shake   Burger located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure of this property did
not result in a material charge. 

On November 30, 2015, the Company s
lease at the V-Bar located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV expired. The closure of this property did not result
in a material charge. 

The Company was advised by
the landlord that it would have to vacate the Center Caf  property located at Union Station in Washington, DC which was
on a month-to-month lease. The closure of this property occurred in February 2016 and did not result in a material charge. 

5.   INVESTMENT IN AND RECEIVABLE FROM NEW MEADOWLANDS RACETRACK  

On March 12, 2013, the Company
made a $4,200,000 investment in the New Meadowlands Racetrack LLC ( NMR ) through its purchase of a membership interest
in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC, an existing member of NMR. On November 19, 2013, the Company invested an additional $464,000 in NMR
through a purchase of an additional membership interest in Meadowlands Newmark, LLC resulting in a total ownership of 11.6% of 

Meadowlands Newmark, LLC and
an ownership interest of 7.4% of NMR. In 2015, the Company invested an additional $222,000, as a result of capital calls, bringing
its total investment to $4,886,000 with no change in ownership. This investment has been accounted for based on the cost method
and is included in Other Assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015. 

In addition to the Company s
ownership interest in NMR through Meadowlands Newmark, LLC, if casino gaming is approved at the Meadowlands and NMR is granted
the right to conduct said gaming, neither of which can be assured, the Company shall be granted the exclusive right to operate
the food and beverage concessions in the gaming facility with the exception of one restaurant. 

In conjunction with this investment,
the Company, through a 97% owned subsidiary, Ark Meadowlands LLC ( AM VIE ), also entered into a long-term agreement
with NMR for the exclusive right to operate food and beverage concessions serving the new raceway facilities (the  Racing
F B Concessions ) located in the new raceway grandstand constructed at the Meadowlands Racetrack in northern New Jersey.
Under the agreement, NMR is responsible to pay for the costs and expenses incurred in the operation of the Racing F B Concessions,
and all revenues and profits thereof inure to the benefit of NMR. AM VIE receives an annual fee equal to 5% of the net profits
received by NMR from the Racing F B Concessions during each calendar year. At October 1, 2016, it was determined that AM VIE
is a variable interest entity. However, based on qualitative consideration of the contracts with AM VIE, the operating structure
of AM VIE, the Company s role with AM VIE, and that the Company is not obligated to absorb any expected losses of AM VIE,
the Company has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary and not required to consolidate the operations of AM VIE. 

The Company s maximum
exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with AM VIE is limited to a receivable from AM VIE s primary beneficiary
(NMR, a related party) which aggregated approximately $164,000 and $272,000 at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively,
and are included in Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

On April 25, 2014, the Company
loaned $1,500,000 to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC. The note bears interest at 3%, compounded monthly and added to the principal, and
is due in its entirety on January 31, 2024. The note may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time without penalty or premium.
On July 13, 2016, the Company made an additional loan to Meadowlands Newmark, LLC in the amount of $200,000. Such amount is subject
to the same terms and conditions as the original loan as discussed above. The principal and accrued interest related to this note
in the amounts of $1,814,659 and $1,566,997, are included in Investment In and Receivable From New Meadowlands Racetrack in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. 

In accordance with the cost method,
our initial investment is recorded at cost and we record dividend income when applicable, if dividends are declared. We review
our Investment in NMR each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that
may have an adverse effect on its fair value, such as the defeat of the referendum for casino gaming in Northern New Jersey in
November 2016 as discussed in Note 16. 

As a result, we
performed an assessment of the recoverability of our indirect Investment in NMR as of October 1, 2016 which included
estimates requiring significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often  interdependent;
therefore, they do not change in isolation. Factors that management estimated include, among others, the probability of
gambling being approved in Northern NJ which is the most heavily weighted assumption and NMR obtaining a license to operate a
casino, revenue levels, cost of capital, marketing spending, tax rates and capital spending. 

In performing this assessment,
we estimated the fair value of our Investment in NMR using our best estimate of these assumptions which we believe would be consistent
with what a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions,
including uncertainty about future events and our inability as a minority shareholder to control certain outcomes and thus our
accounting estimates may change from period to period. If other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed,
impairment charges could have resulted. As a result of the above, no impairment was deemed necessary as of October 1, 2016. 

6.  FIXED ASSETS   

Fixed assets consist of the following: 

Depreciation and amortization
expense related to fixed assets for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 was $4,490,000 and $4,399,000, respectively. 

Management continually evaluates
unfavorable cash flows, if any, related to underperforming restaurants. Periodically it is concluded that certain properties have
become impaired based on their existing and anticipated future economic outlook in their respective markets. In such instances,
we may impair assets to reduce their carrying values to fair values. Estimated fair values of impaired properties are based on
comparable valuations, cash flows and/or management judgment. No impairment charges were necessary for the years ended October
1, 2016 and October 3, 2015. 

7.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND TRADEMARKS   

Intangible assets consist of the following: 

(a)  Purchased
                                                                                                                                                    leasehold
                                                                                                                                                    rights
                                                                                                                                                    arose
                                                                                                                                                    from
                                                                                                                                                    acquiring
                                                                                                                                                    leases
                                                                                                                                                    and
                                                                                                                                                    subleases
                                                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                                                                    various
                                                                                                                                                    restaurants.   

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 was $63,000 and $16,000, respectively.
Amortization expense for each of the next five years will be $63,000. 

Goodwill is the excess of cost over
fair market value of tangible and intangible net assets acquired. Goodwill is not presently amortized but tested for impairment
annually or when the facts or circumstances indicate a possible impairment of goodwill as a result of a continual decline in performance
or as a result of fundamental changes in a market. Trademarks, which have indefinite lives, are not currently amortized and are
tested for impairment annually or when facts or circumstances indicate a possible impairment as a result of a continual decline
in performance or as a result of fundamental changes in a market. 

The changes in the carrying amount
of goodwill and trademarks for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 are as follows: 

8.  ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES   

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist
of the following: 

Two subsidiaries of the Company
( the Ark Subsidiaries ), which operate food courts on Federally protected Indian land, had been involved in litigation
with the state in which they operate, whereby the state attempted to collect commercial rent tax from the Ark Subsidiaries. The
Company had continued to accrue such taxes as the litigation worked its way through the courts. During July 2016, the state agreed
to the entry of consent judgments in favor of the Ark Subsidiaries holding that the state is constitutionally prohibited from taxing
rentals of Indian land. In connection with this agreement, the Company reversed the accrual of these liabilities in the amount
of $945,000 during the three months ended July 2, 2016. In addition, the Company received a refund of previously paid amounts in
the amount of $157,000 in August 2016 related to the above matter. Such amounts are included in the Consolidated Statement of Income
for the year ended October 1, 2016 as a reduction of Occupancy Expenses. 

9.  NOTES PAYABLE   BANK   

On February 25, 2013, the Company
issued a promissory note to Bank Hapoalim B.M. (the  BHBM ) for $3,000,000. The note bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.5%
per annum, and was payable in 36 equal monthly installments of $83,333, commencing on March 25, 2013. On February 24, 2014, in
connection with the acquisition of  The Rustic Inn , the Company borrowed an additional $6,000,000 from BHBM under the same
terms and conditions as the original loan which was consolidated with the remaining principal balance from the original borrowing
at that date. The new loan is payable in 60 equal monthly installments of $134,722, which commenced on March 25, 2014, and matures
February 24, 2019. As of October 1, 2016, the outstanding balance of this note payable was approximately $3,907,000. 

On October 22, 2015, in connection
with the acquisition of Shuckers, the Company issued a promissory note to BHBM for $5,000,000. The note bears interest at LIBOR
plus 3.5% per annum, and is payable in 60 equal monthly installments of $83,333, commencing on November 22, 2015, and matures October
21, 2020. As of October 1, 2016, the outstanding balance of this note payable was approximately $4,084,000. 

On October 22, 2015, in connection
with the Shuckers transaction, the Company also entered into a credit agreement (the  Revolving Facility ) with BHBM
which expires on October 21, 2017 and provides for total availability of the lesser of (i) $10,000,000 and (ii) $20,000,000 less
the then aggregate amount of all indebtedness and obligations to BHBM. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility will be evidenced
by a promissory note (the  Revolving Note ) in favor of BHBM and will be payable over five years with interest at an
annual rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.5% per year. As of October 1, 2016, no additional amounts were outstanding under the Revolving
Facility. 

Deferred financing costs incurred
in connection with the Shuckers transaction in the amount of $130,585 are being amortized over the life of the agreements on a
straight line basis. Amortization expense of $43,075 for the year ended October 1, 2016 is included in interest expense. 

Borrowings under the Revolving
Facility and both of the above promissory notes, are secured by all tangible and intangible personal property (including accounts
receivable, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, documents, chattel paper, instruments, letter-of-credit rights, investment
property, intellectual property and deposit accounts) and fixtures of the Company. 

The loan agreements provide,
among other things, that the Company meet minimum quarterly tangible net worth amounts, as defined, maintain a fixed charge coverage
ratio of not less than 1.1:1 and minimum annual net income amounts, and contain customary representations, warranties and affirmative
covenants. The agreements also contain customary negative covenants, subject to negotiated exceptions, on liens, relating to other
indebtedness, capital expenditures, liens, affiliate transactions, disposal of assets and certain changes in ownership. The Company
was in compliance with all debt covenants as of October 1, 2016. 

Long-term debt consists of
the following: 

As of October 1, 2016, the
aggregate amounts of notes payable maturities are as follows: 

10.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Leases     The
Company leases its restaurants, bar facilities, and administrative headquarters through its subsidiaries under terms expiring at
various dates through 2033. Most of the leases provide for the payment of base rents plus real estate taxes, insurance and other
expenses and, in certain instances, for the payment of a percentage of the restaurants  sales in excess of stipulated amounts
at such facility and in one instance based on profits. 

As of October 1, 2016, future
minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases are as follows: 

In connection with certain
of the leases included in the table above, the Company obtained and delivered irrevocable letters of credit in the aggregate amount
of approximately $388,000 as security deposits under such leases. 

Rent expense was approximately
$13,791,000 and $13,055,000 for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. Contingent rentals, included
in rent expense, were approximately $4,382,000 and $4,211,000 for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. 

Legal   Proceedings
    In the ordinary course its business, the Company is a party to various lawsuits arising from accidents at its restaurants
and worker s compensation claims, which are generally handled by the Company s insurance carriers. The employment by
the Company of management personnel, waiters, waitresses and kitchen staff at a number of different restaurants has resulted in
the institution, from time to time, of litigation alleging violation by the Company of employment discrimination laws. Management
believes, based in part on the advice of counsel, that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Share Repurchase Plan
    On July 5, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program authorizing management to purchase
up to 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock during the next twelve months. Any repurchase under the program will be
effected in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  Purchases of Certain Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Others , funded using the Company s working capital and be based on management s evaluation
of market conditions and other factors. No repurchases were made for the year ended October 1, 2016. 

The Company has options outstanding
under two stock option plans, the 2004 Stock Option Plan (the  2004 Plan ) and the 2010 Stock Option Plan (the  2010
Plan ), which was approved by shareholders in the second quarter of 2010. Effective with this approval, the Company terminated
the 2004 Plan. This action terminated the 400 authorized but unissued options under the 2004 Plan, but it did not affect any of
the options previously issued under the 2004 Plan. Options granted under the 2004 Plan are exercisable at prices at least equal
to the fair market value of such stock on the dates the options were granted. The options expire ten years after the date of grant.
Options granted under the 2010 Plan are exercisable at prices at least equal to the fair market value of such stock on the dates
the options were granted. The options expire ten years after the date of grant. 

During the year ended October
3, 2015, options to purchase 136,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $29.60 per share expired unexercised and options
to purchase 3,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $22.50 were cancelled. 

On April 5, 2016, the shareholders
of the Company approved the 2016 Stock Option Plan and the Section 162(m) Cash Bonus Plan. Under the 2016 Stock Option Plan, 500,000
options were authorized for future grant and are exercisable at prices at least equal to the fair market value of such stock on
the dates the options were granted. 

The options expire ten years
after the date of grant. Under the Section 162(m) Cash Bonus Plan, compensation paid in excess of $1,000,000 to any employee who
is the chief executive officer, or one of the three highest paid executive officers on the last day of that tax year (other than
the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer) will meet certain  performance-based  requirements of Section
162(m) and the related IRS regulations in order for it to be tax deductible. 

No options were granted during
the year ended October 1, 2016. The following table summarizes stock option activity under all plans: 

Compensation cost charged to
operations for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 for share-based compensation programs was approximately
$286,000 and $426,000, respectively. The compensation cost recognized is classified as a general and administrative expense in
the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of October 1, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock
options. 

The following table summarizes
information about stock options outstanding as of October 1, 2016: 

The provision for income taxes
attributable to continuing operations consists of the following: 

The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. income
tax rate as follows: 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Significant components
of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

In assessing the realizability
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. In the assessment of
the valuation allowance, appropriate consideration was given to all positive and negative evidence including recent operating profitability,
forecasts of future earnings and the duration of statutory carryforward periods. The Company recorded a valuation allowance of
$342,000 and $223,000 as of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively, attributable to state and local net operating loss
carryforwards which are not realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. During fiscal 2016, the Company s valuation allowance
increased by approximately $119,000 as the Company determined that certain state net operating losses became unrealizable on a
more-likely-than-not basis. 

As of October 1, 2016, the
Company has New York State net operating losses of approximately $19,961,000 and New York City net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately $18,328,000 that expire through fiscal 2036. 

During fiscal 2015, certain
equity compensation awards expired unexercised. As such, the Company reversed the related deferred tax asset in the amount of approximately
$548,000 as a charge to Additional Paid-in Capital as there was a sufficient pool of windfall tax benefit available. During fiscal
2016, the Company recorded a credit to Additional Paid-in Capital of $86,000 related to equity compensation. 

A reconciliation of the beginning
and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties is as follows: 

The entire amount of unrecognized
tax benefits if recognized would reduce our annual effective tax rate. As of October 1, 2016, the Company accrued approximately
$284,000 of interest and penalties. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the
next 12 months. Inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax contingencies due to changes in tax law, both legislated and concluded
through the various jurisdictions  tax court systems. 

The Company files tax returns
in the U.S. and various state and local jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2013 through 2016 fiscal years
remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service most state and local tax authorities. 

Other income (expense) consists of the following: 

14.  INCOME PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK   

A reconciliation of the numerators
and denominators of the basic and diluted per share computations for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015
follows: 

For the year ended October 1, 2016, options to purchase
66,000 shares of common stock at a price of $12.04, options to purchase 160,800 shares of common stock at a price of $14.40 and
options to purchase 201,808 shares of common stock at a price of $22.50 per were included in diluted earnings per share. Options
to purchase 90,000 shares of common stock at a price of $32.15 per share were not included in diluted earnings per share as their
impact would be anti-dilutive. 

For the year ended October
3, 2015, options to purchase 66,000 shares of common stock at a price of $12.04, options to purchase 164,800 shares of common stock
at a price of $14.40 and options to purchase 203,000 shares of common stock at a price of $22.50 per were included in diluted earnings
per share. Options to purchase 90,000 shares of common stock at a price of $32.15 per share were not included in diluted earnings
per share as their impact would be anti-dilutive. 

15.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

Employee receivables totaled
approximately $453,000 and $485,000 at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. Such amounts consist of loans that are
payable on demand and bear interest at the minimum statutory rate (0.66% at October 1, 2016 and 0.54% at October 3, 2015). 

On November 18, 2016, Ark Jupiter
RI, LLC ( Ark Jupiter ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a ROFR Purchase and Sale Agreement
(the  ROFR ) with SCFRC-HWG, LLC, the landlord (the  Seller ) to purchase the land and building in which
the Company operates its Rustic Inn location in Jupiter, Florida. The Seller had entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with
a third party to sell the premises; however, Ark Jupiter s lease provided the Company with a right of first refusal to purchase
the property. Ark Jupiter exercised the ROFR on October 4, 2016 and made a ten (10%) percent deposit on the purchase price of approximately
Five Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($5,200,000). Concurrent with the execution of the ROFR,  Ark Jupiter entered into
a Purchase and Sale Agreement with 1065 A1A, LLC to sell this same property for Eight Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($8,250,000). In connection with the sale, Ark Jupiter and 1065 A1A, LLC have entered into a temporary lease and sub-lease arrangement
which expires April 30, 2017 at which time the Company expects to vacate the space. 

On November 30, 2016, the Company,
through newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiaries, acquired the assets of the Original Oyster House, Inc., a restaurant and bar located
in the City of Gulf Shores, Baldwin County, Alabama and the related real estate and the Original Oyster House II, Inc., a restaurant
and bar located in the City of Spanish Fort, Baldwin County, Alabama and the related real estate and an adjacent retail shopping
plaza. The total purchase price was for $10,750,000 plus inventory. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination
and was financed with a bank loan from the Company s existing lender in the amount of $8,000,000 and cash from operations. 

The voter referendum for casino
gaming in Northern New Jersey was defeated in November 2016. State law prohibits the issue from being put on the ballot before
voters for the following two years. In connection with NMR s restructuring of an existing loan which
comes due on June 30, 2018, and to extend the loan through December 2021, the Company expects to fund its proportionate share of
an anticipated $3 million capital call in January 2017 rather than having its interest diluted. 

On December 7, 2016, the Board
of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share on the Company s common stock to be paid on January 3, 2017 to shareholders
of record at the close of business on December 20, 2016. 

****** 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ARK RESTAURANTS CORP.  

By:  
      /s/ Michael
    Weinstein  

Michael Weinstein  

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: December 30, 2016 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been duly signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature   
         
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/ Michael Weinstein  
       
      Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Officer  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Michael Weinstein)  

/s/ Vincent Pascal    
       
      Senior Vice President and Director  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Vincent Pascal)  

/s/ Robert Stewart  
       
      President, Chief Financial Officer and 
 Director (Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer)  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Robert Stewart)  

/s/ Marcia Allen  
       
      Director  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Marcia Allen)  

/s/ Steven Shulman  
       
      Director  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Steven Shulman)  

/s/ Paul Gordon  
       
      Senior Vice President and Director  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Paul Gordon)  

/s/ Bruce R. Lewin  
       
      Director  
       
      December 30, 2016   
 
      (Bruce R. Lewin)  

/s/ Arthur Stainman 
       
     Director 
       
     December 30, 2016  
 
     (Arthur Stainman) 

/s/ Stephen Novick 
       
     Director 
       
     December 30, 2016  
 
     (Stephen Novick) 

Exhibits Index  

3.1  
      Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New York on January 4, 1983.  

3.2  
      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New York on October 11, 1985.  

3.3  
      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New York on July 21, 1988.  

3.4  
      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New York on May 13, 1997.  

3.5  
      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on April 24, 2002 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 30, 2002 (the  Second Quarter 2002 Form 10-Q ).  

3.6  
      By-Laws of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-18 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 1985.  

10.1  
      Amended and Restated Redemption Agreement dated June 29, 1993 between the Registrant and Michael Weinstein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 1999 ( 1994 10-K ).  

10.2  
      Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant and each of Michael Weinstein, Ernest Bogen, Vincent Pascal, Robert Towers, Jay Galin, Robert Stewart, Bruce R. Lewin, Paul Gordon and Donald D. Shack, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 1994 10-K.  

10.3  
      Ark Restaurants Corp. 2004 Stock Option Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed on January 26, 2004  

10.4  
      Ark Restaurants Corp. 2010 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed on February 1, 2010.  

10.5  
      Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Estate of Irving Hershkowitz, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2011.  

10.6  
      Promissory Note, in the principal amount of $2,125,000, issued by the Company to Estate of Irving Hershkowitz, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2011.  

10.7  
      Promissory Note made by the Registrant to Bank Hapoalim B.M., issued as of February 25, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2013.  

10.8  
      Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of November 22, 2013 by and between W and O, Inc. and Ark Rustic Inn LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2013.  

10.9  
      Amended and Restated Promissory Note made by the Company to Bank Hapoalim B.M., issued as of February 24, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014.  

10.10  
      Term or Installment Loan Rider to Promissory Note to Bank Hapoalim B.M, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014.  

10.11  
      Commercial Contract Agreement and Rider to Commercial Contract Agreement both dated as of August 10, 2015 by and between Ark Shuckers Real Estate LLC and D.C. Holding Company, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015.  

10.12  
      Restaurant Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 10, 2015 by and between Ark Shuckers LLC and Ocean Enterprises, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015.  

10.13  
      Management Purchase Agreement dated as of August 10, 2015 by and between Ark Island Beach Resort LLC and Island Beach Resort, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015.  

10.14  
      Credit Agreement (Term Facility) between the Company and Bank Hapoalim B.M. issued as of October 21, 2015 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015.  

10.15  
      Term Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Bank Hapoalim B.M. on October 21, 2015 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015.  

10.16  
      Credit Agreement (Revolving Facility) and Form of Revolving Promissory Note between the Company and Bank Hapoalim B.M. issued as of October 21, 2015 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 and 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015.  

10.17  
      Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of October 21, 2016, by and between Ark Gulf Shores Real Estate, LLC, Ark Oyster House Gulf Shores I, LLC, Original Oyster House, Inc. and Premium Properties, Inc. including the Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2016.  

10.18  
      Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of October 21, 2016, by and between Ark Oyster House Causeway II, LLC, Ark Causeway Real Estate, LLC, Original Oyster House II, Inc. and Gumbo Properties, L.L.C. including the Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2016.  

10.19  
      ROFR Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of October 13, 2016 by and between SCFRC-HWG, LLC and Ark Jupiter RI, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2016.  

10.20  
      Purchase and Sale Agreement between Ark Jupiter RI, LLC and 1065 A1A, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2016.  

14  
      Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2003.  

*21  
      Subsidiaries of the Registrant.   

*23  
     Consent of CohnReznick LLP. 

*31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

*31.2 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

*32  
      Section 1350 Certification.  

101.INS**  
      XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*  
      Filed herewith.  

**  
      Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.  

<EX-21>
 3
 c86875_ex21.htm

Exhibit 21  

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Subsidiary   
       
       Trade name(s)   
       
      Jurisdiction of  
      Incorporation    

Ark 37 38 Events, LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark AC Burger Bar LLC  
       
      Broadway Burger Bar and Grill  
       
      New Jersey   
 
      Ark Atlantic City Corp.  
       
      Gallagher s Burger Bar  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Atlantic City Restaurant Corp.  
       
      Gallagher s Steakhouse  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Basketball City Corp.  
       
      N/A  
       
      New York   
 
      Ark Boston RSS Corp.  
       
      Durgin Park and Blackhorse Tavern  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Bryant Park LLC  
       
      Bryant Park Grill   Caf   
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Bryant Park Southwest LLC  
       
      Southwest Porch  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Causeway Real Estate LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Connecticut Corp.  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Connecticut Branches Corp.  
       
      The Grill at Two Trees  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Connecticut Investment LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Connecticut Investment I LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Connecticut Pizza LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Connecticut Poker LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark D.C. Kiosk, Inc.  
       
      Center Cafe  
       
      District of Columbia   
 
      Ark Fifth Avenue Corp.  
       
      N/A  
       
      New York   
 
      Ark Gulf Shores Real Estate LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Hollywood/Tampa Corp.  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Hollywood/Tampa Investments LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Hollywood LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Island Beach Resort LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Jupiter RI, LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Las Vegas Restaurant Corp.  
       
      N/A  
       
      Nevada   
 
      Ark Mad Events LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Meadowlands LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Museum LLC  
       
      Robert  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Operating Corp.  
       
      El Rio Grande  
       
      New York   
 
      Ark Oyster House Causeway II, LLC  
       
      The Original Oyster House  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Oyster House Gulf Shores I, LLC  
       
      The Original Oyster House  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Potomac Corporation  
       
      Sequoia  
       
      District of Columbia   
 
      Ark Rio Corp.  
       
      El Rio Grande  
       
      New York   
 
      Ark Rustic Inn LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Rustic Inn Real Estate  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Shuckers LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Shuckers Real Estate LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Southwest D.C. Corp.  
       
      Thunder Grill  
       
      District of Columbia   
 
      Ark Superb Foods, LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Ark Union Station, Inc.  
       
      America  
       
      District of Columbia   
 
      ArkMod LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      New York   
 
      Chefmod LLC  
       
      N/A  
       
      New York   
 
      Clyde Ark LLC  
       
      Clyde Frazier s Wine and Dine  
       
      New York   
 
      Las Vegas America Corp.  
       
      America  
       
      Nevada   

Las Vegas Festival Food Corp.  
       
      (1) Gonzalez y Gonzalez and (2) Village Eateries (New York-New York Hotel Food Court) (3) Broadway Burger Bar  
       
      Nevada   
 
      Las Vegas Planet Mexico Corp.  
       
      Yolos  
       
      Nevada   
 
      Las Vegas Steakhouse Corp.  
       
      Gallagher s Steakhouse  
       
      Nevada   
 
      Las Vegas Venice Deli Corp.  
       
      Towers Deli (Venetian Food Court)  
       
      Nevada   
 
      Las Vegas Venice Food Corp.  
       
      Shake N Burger (Venetian Food Court)  
       
      Nevada   
 
      Las Vegas Whiskey Bar, Inc.  
       
      VBAR  
       
      Nevada   
 
      MEB on First LLC  
       
      Canyon Road Grill  
       
      New York   
 
      Rio Restaurant Associates, L.P.  
       
      N/A  
       
      New York   
 
      Rio Restaurant Associates Holdings, L.P.  
       
      N/A  
       
      New York   

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 c86875_ex23.htm

EXHIBIT 23  

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statement Nos. 333-165369 and 333-145424 of Ark Restaurants Corp. on Form S-8 of our report dated December 30,
2016 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Ark Restaurants Corp. and Subsidiaries as of October 1, 2016 and
October 3, 2015 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended October 1, 2016 appearing in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Ark Restaurants Corp. for the year ended October 1, 2016. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

 Jericho, New York 

 December 30, 2016 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 c86875_ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER   

I, Michael Weinstein, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ark Restaurants Corp.    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s accountants and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: December 30, 2016 

/s/ MICHAEL WEINSTEIN  

Michael Weinstein   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    
 
      (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 c86875_ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2   

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER   

I, Robert Stewart, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ark Restaurants Corp.    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s accountants and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: December 30, 2016 

/s/ Robert Stewart  

Robert Stewart   

President and Chief Financial Officer    
 
      (Authorized Signatory and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 c86875_ex32.htm

Exhibit 32  

Certificate of Chief Executive and Chief
Financial Officers  

The following statement is being made to the Securities and
Exchange Commission solely for purposes of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), which carries with
it certain criminal penalties in the event of a knowing or willful misrepresentation.  

In accordance with the requirements of Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 USC 1350), each of the undersigned hereby certifies that: 

(i)  
      this report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and   

(ii)  
      the information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Ark Restaurants Corp.   

Dated as of this 30th day of December 2016 

/s/ Michael Weinstein  

/s/ Robert Stewart  

Michael Weinstein  

Robert Stewart  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   
       
       President and Chief Financial Officer    
 
      (Authorized Signatory and Principal Executive Officer)  
       
      (Authorized Signatory and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 arkr-20161001.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 arkr-20161001.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 arkr-20161001_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 arkr-20161001_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 arkr-20161001_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 arkr-20161001_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

