<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1178711_0001564590-16-026824_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6016522</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152538</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>283741</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1234723</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2245057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1441461</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-026824.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101213217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-026824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001178711
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330960223
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36066
		FILM NUMBER:		161966151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PARK PLAZA
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 807-6600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PARK PLAZA
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Transcept Pharmaceuticals Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOVACEA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-026824.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 prtk-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

prtk-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016 or 

For the transition period from                        to                        
 Commission file number: 001-36066 
   
 PARATEK PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

33-0960223  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

75 Park Plaza  
 Boston, MA 02116  
 (617) 807-6600 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive office) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes           No        
 As of October 31, 2016 there were 22,627,711 shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE     O  F   C  O  N  TE  N  TS  

Page  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements   (unaudited)  

2  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

5  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

22  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

33  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    

34  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    

34  

Item 1A.   
 
   Risk Factors    

36  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    

36  

SIGNATURES    

37  

1 

PART I   FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Financial Statements    

 Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except for share and par value amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

P  a  r  at  e  k     P  h  a  r  m  a  c  e  u  t  i  c  a  l  s  ,   In  c.  
   Not e s   to  U naud i t e d   Con d  e n s  e d   Co  nso l  i dat e d    F  i nan c  i al Stat e m e nts 
 ( u  n  a  u  d  i t e  d ) 
   
 1.   Description of the business 
 Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company  or  Paratek ) is a Delaware corporation with its corporate office in Boston, Massachusetts and an office in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The Company is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapeutics based upon tetracycline chemistry. The Company has used its expertise in biology and tetracycline chemistry to create chemically diverse and biologically distinct small molecules derived from the minocycline core structure. The Company s two lead product candidates are the antibacterials omadacycline and sarecycline.  
   
 Omadacycline is the first in a new class of aminomethylcycline antibiotics. Omadacycline is a broad-spectrum, well-tolerated once-daily intravenous, or IV, and oral antibiotic. The Company believes that omadacycline has the potential to become the primary antibiotic choice of physicians for use as a broad-spectrum monotherapy antibiotic for acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections, or ABSSSI, community-acquired bacterial pneumonia, or CABP, or urinary tract infection, or UTI, and other serious community-acquired bacterial infections, where resistance is of concern. The Company believes omadacycline, if approved, will be used in the emergency room, hospital and community care settings. The Company has designed omadacycline to provide potential advantages over existing antibiotics, including activity against resistant bacteria, broad spectrum antibacterial activity, oral and IV formulations with once-daily dosing, no known drug interactions, and a favorable safety and tolerability profile.  
   
 In the fall of 2013, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, agreed to the design of the Company s omadacycline Phase 3 studies for ABSSSI and CABP through the Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, process. In addition, the FDA confirmed that positive data from the individual studies for ABSSSI and CABP would be sufficient to support approval of omadacycline for each indication and for both oral and IV formulations in the United States.  In addition to Qualified Infectious Disease Product designation, on November 4, 2015, the FDA granted omadacycline Fast Track designation for the development of omadacycline in ABSSSI, CABP, and complicated Urinary Tract Infections, or cUTI. Fast Track designation facilitates the development, and expedites the review of drugs that treat serious or life-threatening conditions and fill an unmet medical need. In February 2016, the Company reached agreement with the FDA on the terms of the pediatric program associated with the Pediatric Research and Equity Act. The FDA has granted Paratek a waiver for conducting studies with omadacycline in children less than eight years old and a deferral in conducting studies in children eight years and older until safety and efficacy is established in adults.  In May 2016, the FDA agreed to the design of the Phase 3 oral-only ABSSSI study and that it is consistent with the current ABSSSI guidance. 
   
 Scientific advice received through the centralized procedure in Europe confirmed general agreement on the design and choice of comparators of the Phase 3 trials for ABSSSI and CABP and noted that approval based on a single study in each indication could be possible but would be subject to more stringent statistical standards than Market Authorization Applications, or MAA, programs that conduct two pivotal Phase 3 studies per indication. The Company believes that the inclusion of the Phase 3 oral-only study in ABSSSI, if positive, strengthens the data package for a successful MAA filing and approval in EU.   
 Omadacycline entered Phase 3 clinical development for the treatment of ABSSSI in June 2015. In June 2016, the Company announced positive top-line efficacy and safety data for this study. The Company announced that the first patient was dosed in a Phase 3 clinical study of omadacycline for the treatment of CABP in November 2015. The Company also completed the third prospectively planned data safety monitoring board review. Following its review, the committee recommended that the protocol continue in its original design without modification. The Company continues to progress its Phase 3 study consistent with its plan and anticipate top-line results for CABP as early as the third quarter of 2017.  The Company also dosed the first patient in an oral-only Phase 3 study of omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI in August 2016. The Company anticipates top-line results for this study as early as the second quarter of 2017.  The Company s Phase 1b sinusitis study was deprioritized to focus internal efforts on the oral-only ABSSSI Phase 3 study and strategic planning efforts for UTI. 
 The Company recently completed several clinical Phase 1 studies with omadacycline.  In these Phase 1 studies, omadacycline was generally safe and well tolerated, consistent with prior Phase 1 studies. In May 2016, the Company initiated its first oral-only and IV-to-oral study of omadacycline dosed for five days in a Phase 1b clinical study in patients with a UTI. This Phase 1b UTI study was recently completed.  Data from this study demonstrated that omadacycline achieved proof of principle, by showing high concentration levels of omadacycline in urine, across IV-to-oral and oral-only dosing regimens. The Company anticipates presenting results for the Phase 1b UTI study at an upcoming R D Day and at future scientific meetings. 
   The Company also recently completed clinical Phase 1 studies with omadacycline that are needed for inclusion in the planned New Drug Application, or NDA, regulatory filing with the FDA.  These studies include pharmacokinetic, or PK, studies in special populations (end-stage renal disease subjects, or ESRD subjects) and PK-lung penetration studies in healthy volunteers. A recently completed Phase 1 study of ESRD subjects was designed to evaluate the absorption and elimination of omadacycline compared to  
   
 5 

matched healthy control subjects. Results from this study showed that the absorption and elimination of omadacycline in ESRD   subjects appears to be similar to healthy control subjects, suggesting that dose adjustments should not be required in subjects who have severe renal disease. In another recently completed Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers, which was designed to evaluate   the PK relationship between human plasma concentrations and lung concentrations, omadacycline demonstrated higher concentration levels in broncho-alveloar lavage, or BAL, lung fluid when compared with plasma concentrations. This result supports the potent  ial utility of omadacycline in the treatment of lower respiratory tract bacterial infections caused by susceptible pathogens.  A third Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers has been completed that evaluated the PK exposure profile of three oral-only dosing r  egimens of omadacycline administered for five days in healthy volunteers. In this Phase 1 study, across three oral dosing regimens of omadacycline, PK plasma levels increased with higher doses of omadacycline, demonstrating dose proportionality. The Compan  y anticipates presenting results for these Phase 1 studies at an upcoming R D Day and at future scientific meetings.  Assuming positive Phase 3 study results, the Company plans to include and submit these data in an NDA for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP   in the first half of 2018.  
 In October 2016, the Company announced that it entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, or CRADA, with the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, or USAMRIID, to study omadacycline against pathogenic agents causing infectious diseases of public health and biodefense importance. These studies are designed to confirm humanized dosing regimens of omadacycline in order to study the efficacy of omadacycline against biodefense pathogens, including Yersinia pestis, or plague, and Bacillus anthracis, or anthrax. Funding support for the trial has been made available through the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, or DTRA/ Joint Science and Technology Office and Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical and Biological Defense / Joint Project Manager Medical Countermeasure Systems / BioDefense Therapeutics. 
 The Company s second Phase 3 antibacterial product candidate, sarecycline, previously known as WC3035, is a new, once-daily, tetracycline-derived compound designed for use in the treatment of acne and rosacea. The Company believes that, based upon the data generated to-date, sarecycline possesses favorable anti-inflammatory activity, plus narrow-spectrum antibacterial activity relative to other tetracycline-derived molecules, oral bioavailability, does not cross the blood-brain barrier, and favorable PK properties that the Company believes make it particularly well-suited for the treatment of inflammatory acne in the community setting. The Company has exclusively licensed U.S. development and commercialization rights to sarecycline for the treatment of acne to Allergan plc, or Allergan, while retaining development and commercialization rights in the rest of the world. Allergan has informed the Company that sarecycline entered Phase 3 clinical trials in December 2014 for acne vulgaris. Allergan provided guidance that top-line data from the Phase 3 trial of sarecycline will be available in the first half of 2017. The Company also granted Allergan an exclusive license to develop and commercialize sarecycline for the treatment of rosacea in the United States, which converted to a non-exclusive license in December 2014 after Allergan did not exercise its development option with respect to rosacea. There are currently no clinical trials with sarecycline in rosacea underway. 
 Prior to October 30, 2014, the name of the Company was Transcept Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Transcept. On October 30, 2014, Transcept completed a business combination with privately held Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Old Paratek, in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of June 30, 2014, by and among Transcept, Tigris Merger Sub, Inc., or Merger Sub, Tigris Acquisition Sub, LLC, or Merger LLC, and Old Paratek, or the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Old Paratek, with Old Paratek surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Transcept, followed by the merger of Old Paratek with and into Merger LLC, with Merger LLC surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Transcept (the Company refers to these mergers together as the Merger).   Also on October 30, 2014, in connection with, and prior to the completion of the Merger, Transcept effected a 1-for-12 reverse stock split of its common stock, or the Reverse Stock Split, and immediately following the Merger, Transcept changed its name to  Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , and Merger LLC changed its name to  Paratek Pharma, LLC.  Following the completion of the Merger, the business conducted by Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc. became primarily the business conducted by Paratek.  
 Immediately prior to the Merger, Old Paratek sold 8,068,766 shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $93.0 million to certain existing Paratek stockholders and certain new investors in Paratek, or the Financing. Immediately prior to the closing of the Financing, the $6.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding under, and all accrued interest on, the nonconvertible senior secured promissory notes issued in March 2014, the 2014 Notes, converted into 1,335,632 shares of Old Paratek s common stock based on a conversion price of $0.778 per share. Further, and also immediately prior to the closing of the Financing, each share of Old Paratek s preferred stock outstanding at that time was converted into shares of Old Paratek s common stock at a ratio determined in accordance with Paratek s certificate of incorporation then in effect. The parties to the Financing and to the conversion of the 2014 Notes include officers, employees and directors of Paratek, making these transactions related party in nature. 
   Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Transcept issued shares of its common stock to Old Paratek s stockholders, at an exchange rate of 0.0675 shares of common stock, after taking into account the Reverse Stock Split, in exchange for each share of Old Paratek common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. Transcept also assumed all of the stock options outstanding under the Old Paratek 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or the Paratek Plan, and stock warrants of Old Paratek outstanding immediately prior to the Merger, with such stock options and warrants henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of  
   
 6 

shares of Transcept common stock equal to 0.0675 multiplied by the number of shares of Old Paratek common stock previously represented by such options and warrants. Transcept also assumed the Paratek Plan.  
 After consummation of the Merger, the Old Paratek stockholders, warrant holders and option holders owned approximately 89.6% of the fully-diluted common stock of Paratek, with Transcept s stockholders and optionholders immediately prior to the Merger, whose shares of Paratek common stock (including shares received upon the cancellation of existing options) remain outstanding after the Merger, owning approximately 10.4% of the fully-diluted common stock of Paratek. Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, the Merger was treated as a  reverse merger  under the purchase method of accounting. For accounting purposes, Old Paratek is considered to have acquired Transcept. 
 Since its inception, the Company has generated an accumulated deficit of $353.9 million through September 30, 2016 and will require substantial additional funding in connection with the Company s continuing operations to support commercial activities associated with its lead product candidate, omadacycline.  Based upon the Company s current operating plan, it anticipates that cash, cash equivalents and available for sale marketable securities of $120.8 million, as well as $20.0 million available under a loan agreement described in Note 12,   Long-term Debt  , will enable the Company to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through the submission of an NDA for omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, which is currently expected to occur in the first half of 2018.  The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the biopharmaceutical industry, including, but not limited to, risks of failure of preclinical studies and clinical trials, the need to obtain additional financing to fund the future development of the Company s product candidates, the need to obtain compliant product from third party manufacturers, the need to obtain marketing approval for the Company s product candidates, the need to successfully commercialize and gain market acceptance of product candidates, the risks of manufacturing product with an external supply chain, dependence on key personnel, and compliance with government regulations. 

2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 The significant accounting policies and estimates used in preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements are described in the Company s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the notes thereto, which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on March 9, 2016. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company began investing in short-term marketable securities. Refer to Note 3,  Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities , and Note 10,  Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. There have been no other material changes in the Company s significant accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, and Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, and, in the opinion of management, reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, and notes thereto, which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Paratek Pharma, LLC, Paratek Securities Corporation, Transcept Pharma, Inc., Paratek UK, Ltd and Paratek Bermuda, Ltd. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
   
 7 

Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, in conformity with U.S. GAAP,  requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the Company s financial statements. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to,  among other items, intangible assets, goodwill, contingent liabilities, stock-based compensation arrangements, useful lives for depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Segment and Geographic Information 
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise engaging in business activities for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company views its operations and manages its business in one operating segment. 
   
 3. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of 90 days or less at acquisition to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include cash held in banks and amounts held primarily in interest-bearing money market accounts. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates their fair market value.  
   
 The Company determines the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation at each balance sheet date. The Company has classified all of its marketable securities at September 30, 2016 as  available-for-sale  pursuant to ASC 320,  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities.  Investments not classified as cash equivalents are presented as either short-term or long-term investments based on both their maturities as well as the time period the Company intends to hold such securities. Available-for-sale securities are maintained by an investment manager and consist of U.S. treasury and government agency securities. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with the unrealized gains and losses included in other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders  equity until realized. Any premium or discount arising at purchase is amortized or accreted to interest expense or income over the life of the instrument. Realized gains and losses are determined using the specific identification method and are included in other income or expense. There were no realized gains or losses on marketable securities recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   
 The Company reviews marketable securities for other-than-temporary impairment whenever the fair value of a marketable security is less than the amortized cost and evidence indicates that a marketable security s carrying amount is not recoverable within a reasonable period of time. Other-than-temporary impairments of investments are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss if the Company has experienced a credit loss, has the intent to sell the marketable security, or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the marketable security before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Evidence considered in this assessment includes reasons for the impairment, compliance with the Company s investment policy, the severity and duration of the impairment and changes in value subsequent to the end of the period. There were no other-than-temporary impairments of investments recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 The following is a summary of available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

No available-for-sale securities held as of September 30, 2016 have remaining maturities greater than one year. 
   
 4.   Restricted Cash 
   
 Intermezzo Reserve 
   
   In accordance with the Merger Agreement, an initial amount of $3.0 million, or the Intermezzo Reserve, has been kept in a separate segregated bank account established at the closing date of the Merger. This account is utilized solely at the direction and in the discretion of the special committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, or the Special Committee, or its authorized  
   
 8 

delegates in connection with the Special Committee s management of the Intermezzo product rights and potential disposition. The bal  ance was $2.8 million and $2.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   
 Included in the balance of restricted cash as of September 30, 2016 is $0.7 million of royalty income received but not yet paid to former Transcept stockholders. The remaining balance of the Intermezzo Reserve, after deducting activity during the month of October 2016, as well as any outstanding royalty payments will be made to former Transcept stockholders shortly after the second anniversary of the Merger. Refer to Note 10,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments , for further detail. 
   
 Letters of Credit 
   
 During the first quarter of 2016, the Company obtained a letter of credit in the amount of $0.8 million, which is collateralized with a bank account at a financial institution, to secure value-added tax registration in certain foreign countries. During the third quarter, the letter of credit was cancelled by the Company. The Company plans to obtain a new letter of credit during the fourth quarter of 2016 for the same value, dependent upon currency rates as of the date the letter of credit is obtained. 
 The Company leases its Boston, Massachusetts office space under a non-cancelable operating lease. Refer to Note 14,  Commitments and Contingencies , for further details.  In accordance with the lease, the Company has a cash-collateralized irrevocable standby letter of credit in the amount of $0.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, naming the landlord as beneficiary.   
   
   5.   Intangible Assets, Net 
 Intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands): 

Intermezzo product rights and the TO-2070 asset were acquired through the Merger. Refer to Note 7,  License and Collaboration Agreements,  for further detail concerning Intermezzo and TO-2070.  Intangible assets are reviewed when events or circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. An impairment loss would be recognized when the estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amounts of those assets.  If it is determined that the intangible asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss would be calculated based on the excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset over its fair value. 
 On March 27, 2015, a decision was made by the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, or the New Jersey District Court, concerning Intermezzo patent infringement claims the Company made in response to the filing of an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, with the FDA. The decision made by the New Jersey District Court invalidated several Intermezzo patent claims as obvious.  As a result of the New Jersey District Court s ruling, the Company performed an interim impairment test of the Intermezzo product rights in connection with the preparation of its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the first quarter of 2015. Based on the intangible asset impairment test performed, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $2.8 million for the first quarter of 2015. The Company appealed the New Jersey District Court s ruling during the second quarter of 2015. On January 8, 2016 the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, or the U.S. Court of Appeals, affirmed the decision of the New Jersey District Court, and no opinion accompanied the judgment. Refer to Note 14,  Commitments and Contingencies,  for further information concerning the litigation. The January 8, 2016 decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals triggered an evaluation of the carrying value of the Intermezzo product rights and related contingent obligations in light of an expected decline in Intermezzo sales during the second half of 2016. On April 5, 2016, the first generic launch of Intermezzo occurred.  
 As a result of the Company s evaluation of options to sell, dispose of, or offer a royalty sharing arrangement for the Intermezzo product rights, the Company performed a recoverability test of the Intermezzo product rights as of September 30, 2016. It was determined that the summation of the undiscounted future cash flow of the Intermezzo product rights was greater than the carrying value. As such, the Company did not record an impairment charge during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

9 

6  .   Net Loss Per Share Available to Common   Stockholders  
 Basic net loss per share available to common stockholders is calculated by dividing the net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common share equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock method or the as if-converted method, as applicable. For purposes of this calculation, stock options, restricted stock units, and warrants to purchase common stock are considered to be common stock equivalents and are only included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders when their effect is dilutive. 
   
 The following outstanding shares subject to stock options, restricted stock units, and warrants to purchase common stock were antidilutive due to a net loss in the periods presented and, therefore, were excluded from the dilutive securities computation as of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as indicated below: 

(1)   
 
 The number of shares is based on the maximum number of shares issuable on exercise or conversion of the related securities as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Such amounts have not been adjusted for the treasury stock method or weighted average outstanding calculations as required if the securities were dilutive.    

7.   License and Collaboration Agreements 
 Allergan plc 
 In July 2007, the Company and Warner Chilcott Company, Inc. (now part of Allergan plc, or Allergan), entered into a collaborative research and license agreement, or the Allergan Collaboration Agreement, under which the Company granted Allergan an exclusive license to research, develop and commercialize tetracycline products for use in the United States for the treatment of acne and rosacea. Since Allergan did not exercise its development option with respect to the treatment of rosacea prior to initiation of a Phase 3 trial for the product, the license grant to Allergan converted to a non-exclusive license for the treatment of rosacea as of December 2014. Under the terms of the Allergan Collaboration Agreement, the Company and Allergan are responsible for, and are obligated to use, commercially reasonable efforts to conduct specified development activities for the treatment of acne and, if requested by Allergan, the Company may conduct certain additional development activities to the extent the Company determines in good faith that the Company has the necessary resources available for such activities. Allergan has agreed to reimburse the Company for its costs and expenses, including third-party costs, incurred in conducting any such development activities.  
 Under the terms of the Allergan Collaboration Agreement, Allergan is responsible for and is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize tetracycline compounds that are specified in the agreement for the treatment of acne. Allergan failed to elect to advance the development of sarecycline for the treatment of rosacea in accordance with the terms of the agreement so the license granted to Allergan was converted to a non-exclusive license for the treatment of rosacea The Company has agreed during the term of the Allergan Collaboration Agreement not to directly or indirectly develop or commercialize any tetracycline compounds in the United States for the treatment of acne and rosacea, and Allergan has agreed during the term of the Allergan Collaboration Agreement not to directly or indirectly develop or commercialize any tetracycline compound included as part of the agreement for any use other than as provided in the agreement. 
   The Company earned an upfront fee in the amount of $4.0 million upon the execution of the Allergan Collaboration Agreement, $1.0 million upon filing of an Investigational New Drug Application in 2010, and $2.5 million upon initiation of Phase 2 trials in 2012. In December 2014, the Company also earned $4.0 million upon initiation of Phase 3 trials associated with the Allergan Collaboration Agreement. In addition, Allergan may be required to pay the Company an aggregate of approximately $17.0 million upon the achievement of specified future regulatory milestones, the next being $5.0 million upon acceptance by the FDA, of an NDA, submission. Allergan is also obligated to pay the Company tiered royalties, ranging from the mid-single digits to the low double digits, based on net sales of tetracycline compounds developed under the Allergan Collaboration Agreement, with a standard royalty reduction post patent expiration for such product for the remainder of the royalty term. Allergan s obligation to pay the Company royalties for each tetracycline  
   
 10 

compound it commercializes under the Allergan Collaboration Agreement expires on the later of the expiration of the last to expire patent that covers the tetracyc  line compound in the United States and the date on which generic drugs that compete with the tetracycline compound reach a certain threshold market share in the United States.  
 The Company has not received any amounts or recognized any revenue under this arrangement since 2014. 
 Tufts University  
 In February 1997, the Company and Tufts University, or Tufts, entered into a license agreement under which the Company acquired an exclusive license to certain patent applications and other intellectual property of Tufts related to the drug resistance field to develop and commercialize products for the treatment or prevention of bacterial or microbial diseases or medical conditions in humans or animals or for agriculture. The Company subsequently entered into nine amendments to that agreement, collectively the Tufts License Agreement, to include patent applications filed after the effective date of the original license agreement, to exclusively license additional technology from Tufts, to expand the field of the agreement to include disinfectant applications, and to change the royalty rate and percentage of sublicense income paid by the Company to Tufts under sublicense agreements with specified sublicensees. The Company is obligated under the Tufts License Agreement to provide Tufts with annual diligence reports and a business plan and to meet certain other diligence milestones. The Company has the right to grant sublicenses of the licensed rights to third parties, which will be subject to the prior approval of Tufts unless the proposed sublicensee meets a certain net worth or market capitalization threshold. The Company is primarily responsible for the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of all patent applications and patents covering the intellectual property licensed under the Tufts License Agreement at its sole expense. The Company has the first right, but not the obligation, to enforce the licensed intellectual property against infringement by third parties.  
 The Company issued Tufts 1,024 shares of the Company s common stock on the date of execution of the original license agreement, and the Company may be required to make certain payments of up to $0.3 million to Tufts upon the achievement by products developed under the agreement of specified development and regulatory approval milestones. The Company has already made a payment of $50,000 to Tufts for achieving the first milestone following commencement of the Phase 3 non-registration clinical trial for omadacycline. The Company is also obligated to pay Tufts a minimum royalty payment in the amount of $25,000 per year. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay Tufts royalties based on gross sales of products, as defined in the agreement, ranging in the low single digits depending on the applicable field of use for such product sale. If the Company enters into a sublicense under the Tufts License Agreement, the Company will be obligated to pay Tufts a percentage, ranging from the low-to-mid teens based on the applicable field of use for such product, of the license maintenance fees or sublicense issue fees paid to the Company by the sublicensee and the lesser of a percentage, ranging from the low tens to the high twenties based on the applicable field of use for such product, of the royalty payments made to the Company by the sublicensee or the amount of royalty payments that would have been paid by the Company to Tufts if the Company had sold the products.  
 Unless terminated earlier, the Tufts License Agreement will expire at the same time as the last-to-expire patent in the patent rights licensed to the Company under the agreement and after any such expiration the Company will continue to have an exclusive, fully-paid-up license to such intellectual property licensed from Tufts. Tufts has the right to terminate the agreement upon 30 days  notice should the Company fail to make a material payment under the Tufts License Agreement or commit a material breach of the agreement and not cure such failure or breach within such 30 day period, or if, after the Company has started to commercialize a product under the Tufts License Agreement, the Company ceases to carry on its business for a period of 90 consecutive days. The Company has the right to terminate the Tufts License Agreement at any time upon 180 days  notice. Tufts has the right to convert the Company s exclusive license to a non-exclusive license if the Company does not commercialize a product licensed under the agreement within a specified time period.  
 The Company also agreed to pay Tufts royalties based on gross sales of products, as defined in the Tufts License Agreement, ranging in the low single digits depending on the applicable field of use for such product sale. If the Company enters into a sublicense under the Tufts License Agreement, it will be obligated to pay Tufts a percentage, ranging from the low-to-mid teens based on the applicable field of use for such product, of the license maintenance fees or sublicense issue fees paid to the Company by the sublicensee and the lesser of a percentage, ranging from the low teens to the high twenties based on the applicable field of use for such product, of the royalty payments made to the Company by the sublicensee or the amount of royalty payments that would have been paid by us to Tufts if the Company had sold the products.  
   
 11 

Purdue Pharma L.P.  
 In July 2009, the Company and Purdue Pharma L.P., or Purdue Pharma, entered into a license and collaboration agreement, or the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, that grants an exclusive license to Purdue Pharma to commercialize Intermezzo in the United States and pursuant to which: 

Purdue Pharma paid the Company a $25.0 million non-refundable license fee in August 2009;     

Purdue Pharma paid the Company a $10.0 million non-refundable intellectual property milestone in December 2011 when the first of two issued formulation patents was listed in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, or Orange Book;     

Purdue Pharma paid the Company a $10.0 million non-refundable intellectual property milestone in August 2012 when the first of two issued methods of use patents was listed in the FDA s Orange Book;     

The Company transferred the Intermezzo NDA to Purdue Pharma, and Purdue Pharma is obligated to assume the expense associated with maintaining the NDA and further development of Intermezzo in the United States, including any expense associated with post-approval studies;     

Purdue Pharma is obligated to commercialize Intermezzo in the United States at its expense using commercially reasonable efforts;     

Purdue Pharma is obligated to pay the Company tiered base royalties on net sales of Intermezzo in the United States ranging from the mid-teens up to the mid-20% level, with each such royalty tiers subject to an increase by a percentage in the low single digits upon a specified anniversary of regulatory approval of Intermezzo. The base royalty is tiered depending upon the achievement of certain fixed net sales thresholds by Purdue Pharma, which net sales levels reset each year for the purpose of calculating the royalty. The royalty tiers are subject to reductions upon generic entry and patent expiration. Purdue Pharma is obligated to pay royalties until the later of 15 years from the date of first commercial sale in the United States or the expiration of patent claims related to Intermezzo; and     

Purdue Pharma is obligated to pay the Company up to an additional $70.0 million upon the achievement of certain net sales targets for Intermezzo in the United States.     

 The Company had an option to co-promote Intermezzo to psychiatrists in the United States and such option was terminated as a result of the Merger. 
 The Purdue Collaboration Agreement expires on the expiration of Purdue Pharma s royalty obligations. Purdue Pharma has the right to terminate the Purdue Collaboration Agreement at any time upon advance notice of 180 days. The Purdue Collaboration Agreement is also subject to termination by Purdue Pharma in the event of FDA or governmental action that materially impairs Purdue Pharma s ability to commercialize Intermezzo or the occurrence of a serious event with respect to the safety of Intermezzo. The Purdue Collaboration Agreement may also be terminated by the Company upon Purdue Pharma commencing an action that challenges the validity of Intermezzo related patents. The Company also has the right to terminate the Purdue Collaboration Agreement immediately if Purdue Pharma is excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs. The Purdue Collaboration Agreement may also be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by or insolvency of the other party. 
 The Company also granted Purdue Pharma and an associated company the right to negotiate for the commercialization of Intermezzo in Mexico in 2013 but retained the rights to commercialize Intermezzo in the rest of the world. 
 In December 2013, Purdue Pharma notified the Company that it intended to discontinue use of the Purdue Pharma sales force to actively market Intermezzo to healthcare professionals during the first quarter of 2014. 
   In October 2014, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a special dividend of, among other things, the right to receive, on a pro rata basis, 100% of any royalty income received by the Company pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement and 90% of any cash proceeds from a sale or disposition of Intermezzo, less fees and expenses incurred in connection with such activity, to the extent that either occurred prior to the second anniversary of the closing date of the Merger. On October 28, 2016, in satisfaction of the Company s payment obligation of the proceeds of sale or disposition of the Intermezzo assets to the former Transcept stockholders under the Merger Agreement, the Company executed a royalty sharing agreement, or the Royalty Sharing Agreement, with the Special Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, or the Special Committee, a committee established in connection with the Merger. Under the Royalty Sharing Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to the former Transcept stockholders fifty percent of all royalty income received by the Company pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, net of all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, related agreements, the Intermezzo  
   
 12 

product and the administration of the royalty income to the Transcept stockholders.   The remaining balance of the Intermezzo Reserve, after deducting activity during the month of October 2016, as well as any   outstanding royalty payments will be made to former Transcept stockholders shortly after the second anniversary of the Merger  
 Shin Nippon Biomedical Laboratories Ltd. 
 In September 2013, the Company and Shin Nippon Biomedical Laboratories Ltd., or SNBL, entered into a license agreement, or the SNBL License Agreement, pursuant to which SNBL granted the Company an exclusive worldwide license to commercialize SNBL s proprietary nasal drug delivery technology to develop TO-2070. The Company was developing TO-2070 as a treatment for acute migraine using SNBL s proprietary nasal powder drug delivery system. Under the SNBL License Agreement, the Company was required to fund all development and regulatory approval with respect to TO-2070. Pursuant to the SNBL License Agreement, the Company paid an upfront nonrefundable technology license fee of $1.0 million, and the Company was also obligated to pay up to an aggregate of $41.5 million upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones, and tiered, low double-digit royalties on annual net sales of TO-2070. 
 In September 2014, the Company and SNBL entered into a termination agreement and release, or the SNBL Termination Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the SNBL License Agreement was terminated and the Company assigned all of its rights, interest and title to the TO-2070 asset to SNBL in exchange for a portion of certain future net revenue received by SNBL as set forth in the SNBL Termination Agreement, up to an aggregate of $2.0 million. 
 8.   Capital Stock 
   
 On October 15, 2015, Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM  Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., or Cantor, under which the Company could, at its discretion, from time to time sell shares of its common stock, with a sales value of up to $50 million. The Company provided Cantor with customary indemnification rights, and Cantor was entitled to a commission at a fixed rate of 3% of the gross proceeds per share sold.  Sales of the shares under the Sales Agreement were to be made in transactions deemed to be  at the market offerings , as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company initiated sales of shares under the Sales Agreement in March 2016, and sold an aggregate of 129,088 shares of common stock through June 30, 2016, resulting in net proceeds of $2.0 million after deducting commissions of $62,000. There were no sales of shares under the Sales Agreement in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
   
     In June 2016, the Company completed a public offering of 4,887,500 shares of common stock at an offering price of $13.00 per share, which included 637,500 shares of common stock issued upon the exercise by the underwriters of an option to purchase additional shares from the Company. The offering was completed under the shelf registration statement that was filed on Form S-3 and declared effective by the SEC on April 27, 2015. The net proceeds received by the Company, after underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses, were $59.3 million.    
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
 Warrants to purchase preferred stock with intrinsic value issued to HBM Healthcare Investments (Cayman) Ltd., Omega Fund III, L.P., and K/S Danish BioVenture, all beneficial owners of more than 5% of the Company s common stock, were exchanged for 9,614 warrants to purchase common stock in connection with the Merger. These 9,614 warrants to purchase common stock have an exercise price of $0.15 per share and will, if not exercised, expire in 2021. A further 5,120 warrants to purchase common stock with an exercise price of $73.66 per share expired in April 2016.  
 As described in Note 12,  Long-term Debt , in connection with a Loan and Security Agreement, or the Loan Agreement, into which the Company entered with Hercules Technology II, L.P. and Hercules Technology III, L.P., together, Hercules, and certain other lenders and Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. (as agent), the Company issued to each of Hercules Technology II, L.P. and Hercules Technology III, L.P. a warrant to purchase 16,346 shares of its common stock (32,692 shares of common stock in total) at an exercise price of $24.47 per share, or the Hercules Warrants, on September 30, 2015, which expire five years from issuance or at the consummation of a Public Acquisition, as defined in each of the Hercules Warrant agreements. 

13 

9.   Accounts Payable and Other Accrued   Expenses  
 Accounts payable and other accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands): 

10.   Fair Value Measurements 
 Financial instruments, including cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, money market funds, U.S. treasury and government agency securities, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and the Intermezzo reserve are carried on the condensed consolidated financial statements at amounts that approximate fair value. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is determined using current applicable rates for similar instruments as of the balance sheet date.  The carrying value of the long-term debt approximates its fair value as the interest rate is near current market rates. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt was determined using Level 3 inputs.  Fair values are based on assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and assumed discount rates, reflecting varying degrees of perceived risk. 
 The following table presents information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities that have been measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or other inputs that are observable market data. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs utilize unobservable data points for the asset or liability, and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability (in thousands):     

Marketable Securities  
   U.S. treasury securities fair values can be obtained through quoted market prices in active exchange markets and are therefore classified as Level 1. The pricing on government agencies was primarily sourced from independent third party pricing services, overseen by management, and is based on valuation models that consider standard input factor such as deal quotes, market spreads,  
   
 14 

cash flows,   the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment spreads, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things, and are therefore classified as Level 2.  
 Contingent Consideration 
 Contingent obligations represented the right for former Transcept stockholders to receive certain contingent amounts, in the future, consisting of:  

(i)   
 
 one hundred percent of any royalty income received by the Company prior to October 30, 2016, pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement;      

(ii)   
 
 one hundred percent of any payments received by the Company pursuant to the termination of the SNBL License Agreement, which granted the Company an exclusive worldwide license to commercialize SNBL s proprietary nasal drug delivery technology for development of TO-2070, a proprietary nasal powder drug delivery system; provided such termination occurs prior to October 30, 2016; and    

(iii)   
 
 ninety percent of any cash proceeds from a sale or disposition of Intermezzo (less all fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with such sale or disposition following the closing date); provided such sale or disposition occurs prior to October 30, 2016.    

On October 28, 2016, in satisfaction of the Company s payment obligation of the proceeds of sale or disposition of the Intermezzo product rights to the former Transcept stockholders under the Merger Agreement, the Company executed the Royalty Sharing Agreement with the Special Committee. Under the Royalty Sharing Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to the former Transcept stockholders fifty percent of all royalty income received by the Company pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, net of all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, related agreements, the Intermezzo product and the administration of the royalty income to the Transcept stockholders.  The Company determined that the Royalty Sharing Agreement represents a modification to the original contingent obligations established under the Merger Agreement in accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combinations.  
    
 The fair value of the contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders was determined using probability-weighted scenario methodologies, employing cash-flow and sale proceeds income approaches with consideration to the potential timing of possible payments to former Transcept stockholders.  
   
   Material assumptions used to value contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders with respect to the Intermezzo product rights as of September 30, 2016 were the forecasted Intermezzo product revenues and associated royalties due the Company, as well as the appropriate discount rate given consideration to the market and forecast risk involved. The results of this valuation yielded a net decrease in contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders $0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 Material assumptions used to value contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders with respect to Intermezzo product rights as of December 31, 2015 included: 

probabilities associated with the various outcomes of the ongoing ANDA litigation and the potential sale of Intermezzo product rights;     

the forecasted Intermezzo product revenues and associated royalties due the Company, as well as the appropriate discount rate given consideration to the market and forecast risk involved; and     

the potential proceeds associated with, and timing of, the sale of the Company s Intermezzo product rights.     

 Material assumptions used to value contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders with respect to the TO-2070 product rights as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include: 

probabilities associated with SNBL licensing the TO-2070 asset under the SNBL Termination Agreement; and     

potential proceeds associated with, and timing of, the potential payments in accordance with the SNBL Termination Agreement.     

15 

The following table provides a roll forward of the fair value of contingent obligations categorized as Level 3 instruments, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

11.   Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense of stock-based awards over the vesting periods of the awards, net of estimated forfeitures. The following table presents stock-based compensation expense included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 

Stock-based compensation expense is estimated as of the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which generally represents the vesting period. The Company estimates the fair value of its stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company estimates expected forfeitures based on historical experience and recognizes compensation costs only for those equity awards expected to vest.    The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the value of the stock option grants is as follows: 

Stock Option Plan Activity 
 The number of shares of the Company s common stock  available for issuance under the Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2015 Plan, was initially 1,200,000 shares, plus the number of shares that again become available for grant as a result of forfeited or terminated awards or shares withheld in satisfaction of the exercise price of withholding obligations associated with awards under the Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2006 Incentive Award Plan, as amended, and the Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, not to exceed 2,000,000 shares. 880,430 shares of common stock were automatically added to the shares authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan on January 1, 2016 pursuant to a  Share Reserve  provision contained in the 2015 Plan. The Share Reserve will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, for the period commencing on (and including) January 1, 2016 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2025, in an amount equal to 5% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors of the Company may act prior to January 1 of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1 increase in the Share Reserve for such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of common stock than would otherwise occur. 
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors granted 205,000 restricted stock units to executives and employees of the Company and 657,500 stock options to directors, officers and employees of the Company under the 2015 Plan, with time vesting provisions ranging from one to four years. 25,000 restricted stock units and 25,056 stock options granted under the 2015 Plan were cancelled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

16 

The Company has not made any additional grants under   the Paratek Pharma  ceuticals, Inc.   2015 Inducement Plan, or the 2015 Inducement Plan, since December 31, 2015.   However, 66,667 stock options granted under the 2015 Inducement Plan were cancelled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    Although the Company does not   currently anticipate the issuance of additional stock options under the 2015 Inducement Plan, 73,167 shares remain available for grant under that plan, as well as any shares underlying outstanding options that may become available for grant pursuant to the   plan s terms.  It is therefore possible that the Company may, based on the business and recruiting needs of the Company, issue additional stock options under the 2015 Inducement Plan.    
   
 As of December 31, 2015, no additional shares remained available for issuance under either the   Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or the Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. However, 15,000 restricted stock units and 19,277 stock options granted under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan were cancelled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the shares underlying such awards became available for grant under the 2015 Plan. 
   
 Total shares available for future issuance under the 2015 Plan are 385,763 shares as of September 30, 2016.  
 Stock options 
   
 A summary of stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Restricted Stock Units 
 A summary of restricted stock unit activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

Total unrecognized compensation expense for all stock-based awards was $19.3million as of September 30, 2016. This amount will be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.31 years. 

12.   Long-term Debt 
   
   On September 30, 2015, the Company entered into the Loan Agreement with Hercules and certain other lenders, and Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc.  Under the Loan Agreement, Hercules will provide the Company with access to term loans with an aggregate principal amount of up to $40.0 million, or the Term Loan. The Company initially drew a principal amount of $20.0 million,  
   
 17 

which was funded on September 30, 2015. The remaining $20.0 million available under the Loan Agreement can be drawn at the Company   s option in minimum increments of $10.0 million through December 31, 2016, or the Draw Period. The Term Loan is repayable in monthly installments commencing on April 1, 2018 through maturity on September 1, 2020. The interest rate is equal to the greater o  f (i) 8.5%, or (ii) the sum of 8.5%, plus the  prime rate  as reported in The Wall Street Journal minus 5.75% per annum. An end of term charge equal to 4.5% of the issued principal balance of the Term Loan is payable at maturity, including in the event of   any prepayment, and is being accrued as interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method. Borrowings under the Loan Agreement are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the Company.  
 If the Company repays all or a portion of the Term Loan prior to maturity, in addition to the end of term charge, the Company will pay Hercules a prepayment fee as follows: (i) 2.0% of the then outstanding principal amount if the prepayment occurs prior to April 1, 2018 or (ii) no fee if the prepayment occurs on or after April 1, 2018. 
 Upon an  Event of Default ,  an additional 5.0% interest will be applied and  Hercules may, at its option, accelerate and demand payment of all or any part of the loan together with the prepayment and end of term charges. An Event of Default is defined in the Loan Agreement as (i) failure to make required payments; (ii) failure to adhere to financial, operating and reporting loan covenants; (iii) an event or development occurs that would be reasonably expected to have a  material adverse effect; (iv) false representations in the Loan Agreement; v) insolvency, as described in the Loan Agreement; (vi) levy or attachments on any of the Company's assets; and (vii) default of any other agreement or subordinated debt greater than $1.0 million. In the event of insolvency, this acceleration and declaration would be automatic. In addition, in connection with the Loan Agreement, the Company agreed to provide Hercules with a contingent security interest in the Company's bank accounts. The Company's control of its bank accounts is not adversely affected unless Hercules elects to obtain unilateral control of the Company's bank accounts by declaring that an Event of Default has occurred. The principal of the Term Loan, which is not due within 12 months of September 30, 2016, has been classified as long-term as the Company determined that a material adverse effect resulting in Hercules exercising its rights under the subjective acceleration clause is remote. 
 Subject to certain terms, pursuant to the Loan Agreement, Hercules was also granted the right to participate in an amount of up to $2.0 million in subsequent sales and issuances of the Company's equity securities to one or more investors for cash for financing purposes in an offering that is broadly marketed to multiple investors and at the same terms as the other investors. On September 30, 2015, Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with the Company to purchase 44,782 shares of common stock resulting in proceeds to the Company of approximately $1.0 million.  The excess of proceeds received by the Company over the fair value of the common stock issued was allocated as a reduction of the fees paid to Hercules in conjunction with obtaining the initial $20.0 million draw of the Term Loan. 
   
 Debt issuance costs of $511,000 have been ratably allocated to the initial $20.0 million draw and the remaining unfunded $20.0 million. Debt issuance costs related to the initial $20.0 million draw are presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than capitalized as an asset in accordance with the Company s early adoption of ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . Issuance costs related to the unfunded amount have been capitalized as prepaid asset and are being amortized ratably through the end of the Draw Period.  In the event the Company exercises its option to borrow additional funds, the remaining unamortized prepaid asset balance would be reclassified and recorded as a deduction from the face amount of the funds borrowed based upon a ratable allocation of the amount drawn compared to the remaining unfunded amount available to the Company and will be amortized over the remaining life of the term loan using the effective interest method. 
   
 In connection with the Loan Agreement, the Company issued to each of Hercules Technology II, L.P. and Hercules Technology III, L.P., a warrant to purchase 16,346 shares of the Company s common stock (32,692 shares of common stock in total) at an exercise price of $24.47 per share. The Hercules Warrants  total relative fair value of $288,000 at September 30, 2015 was determined using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The relative fair value of the Hercules Warrants was included as a discount to the Term Loan and also as a component of additional paid-in capital.   
   
 In addition to the Hercules Warrants, the Company paid fees to Hercules in conjunction with obtaining the Term Loan. The Hercules Warrants fair value and fees paid to Hercules, an aggregate of $572,000, were ratably allocated to the initial $20.0 million draw and the remaining unfunded $20.0 million. The $208,000 of costs allocated to the initial $20.0 million draw were recorded as a debt discount and are being amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method. The $364,000 of costs allocated to the unfunded $20.0 million was recorded as prepaid expenses and are being amortized ratably through the end of the Draw Period. In the event the Company exercises its option to borrow additional funds, the remaining unamortized prepaid asset balance related would be reclassified and recorded as debt discount based upon a ratable allocation of the amount drawn compared to the remaining unfunded amount available to the Company and will be amortized over the remaining life of the term loan using the effective interest method. 

18 

A  s of September 30, 2016, the Company has recorded a long-term debt obligation of $19.7 million, net of debt discount of $0.3 million and prepaid expenses of $0.1     million.  
 Future principal payments, which exclude the 4.5% end of term charge, in connection with the Loan Agreement, as of September 30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands): 

13 .    Income Taxes 
 There is no provision for federal and state income taxes since the Company has historically incurred operating losses. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using statutory rates. Management of the Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which are comprised principally of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits. Under the applicable accounting standards, management has considered the Company s history of losses and concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established against the Company s otherwise recognizable net deferred tax assets. 

14.   Commitments and Contingencies 
   
 Leases 
   
 The Company leases its Boston, Massachusetts and King of Prussia, Pennsylvania office spaces under non-cancelable operating leases expiring in 2019 and 2021, respectively. The Company entered into the King of Prussia and Boston leases in January 2015 and April 2015, respectively, and the lease terms are for six and four years, respectively, each with one renewal option for an extended term. The King of Prussia and Boston lease terms began in June 2015 and July 2015, respectively.  The Company is required to make additional payments under the facility operating leases for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses incurred during the operating lease period.  The leases contain rent escalation and rent holiday, which are being accounted for as rent expense under the straight-line method.  Deferred rent is included in accounts payable and other accrued expenses in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016.  The Company will record monthly rent expense of approximately $35,000 and $12,000 for the original Boston and King of Prussia offices, respectively, on a straight-line basis over the effective lease terms. 
   
 The Company executed an amended lease agreement on its Boston office space in July 2016. The amended lease agreement adds 4,153 rentable square feet of office space, for a commitment of $1.1 million and extends the original lease term by two years, for an additional commitment of $0.9 million. The total lease commitment of $2.0 million is over a five-year lease term.  In accordance with the amended lease agreement, the Company paid a security deposit of $0.1 million.  The Company is required to make additional payments under the facility operating leases for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses incurred during the operating lease period.  
   
 The Company executed an amended lease agreement on its King of Prussia office space in October 2016.  The amended lease agreement is for 19,708 rentable square feet of office space, for a total commitment of $3.6 million. The total lease commitment is over a seven-year and seven-month lease term. The leases contain rent escalation and a rent free period, which will be accounted for as rent expense under the straight-line method.  The Company is required to make additional payments under the facility operating leases for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses incurred during the operating lease period. 
   
 Rent expense, exclusive of related taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs, for continuing operations totaled approximately $0.1 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.4 million and $0.2 million for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is reflected in operating expenses.  
   
 As of September 30, 2016, future minimum lease payments under operating leases are as follows: 

19 

Intermezzo Patent Litigation 
   
 In July 2012, the Company received notifications from three companies, Actavis Elizabeth LLC, or Actavis Elizabeth, Watson Laboratories, Inc. Florida, or Watson, and Novel Laboratories, Inc., or Novel, in September 2012, from each of Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Par Formulations Private Ltd., together, the Par Entities, in February 2013 from Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Inc. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Ltd., together, Dr. Reddy s, and in July 2013 from TWi Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Twi, stating that each has filed with the FDA an ANDA, that references Intermezzo. Refer to Item 3,  Legal Proceedings , of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016, for a full description of the history of this litigation.  
   
 The New Jersey District Court, held a consolidated trial between December 1, 2014 and December 15, 2014 involving Paratek, Purdue Pharma, and their patent infringement claims against Actavis Elizabeth, Novel, and Dr. Reddy s. The New Jersey District Court then received post-trial briefing and held a February 13, 2015 post-trial hearing. On March 27, 2015, the New Jersey District Court issued an order and accompanying opinion finding that: (a) the asserted claims of U.S. Patent Nos. 7,682,628, 8,242,131, and 8,252,809, are invalid as obvious; (b) Actavis Elizabeth, Novel, and Dr. Reddy s infringe the  131 patent; (c) Novel infringes the  628 patent; and (d) Novel and Dr. Reddy s infringe the  809 patent. On April 9, 2015, the New Jersey District Court entered final judgment consistent with the March 27, 2015 opinion and order referenced above.  As a result of the New Jersey District Court s findings, the intangible assets representing Intermezzo product rights were impaired and the related contingent obligation was reduced in light of an expected decline in Intermezzo sales for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
 The Company and Purdue Pharma jointly appealed the New Jersey District Court s final judgment as to the '131 patent to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on May 6, 2015.  On January 8, 2016 the U.S. Court of Appeals affirmed the decision of the New Jersey District Court, and no opinion accompanied the judgment. On September 14, 2016, the defendants filed a warrant of satisfaction of judgment in the New Jersey District Court for the costs having been fully paid to defendants.   
   
 On October 28, 2016, in satisfaction of the Company s payment obligation of the proceeds of sale or disposition of the Intermezzo product rights to the former Transcept stockholders under the Merger Agreement, the Company executed the Royalty Sharing Agreement with the Special Committee. Under the Royalty Sharing Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to the former Transcept stockholders fifty percent of all royalty income received by the Company pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, net of all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, related agreements, the Intermezzo product and the administration of the royalty income to the Transcept stockholders, or collectively, the Costs.  As such, subsequent to the second anniversary of the Merger, the Company intends to pay to the Transcept stockholders (i) one hundred percent of the royalty income received under the Purdue Collaboration Agreement through the second anniversary of the Merger, (ii) the excess remaining at October 30, 2016 of the $3.0 million Intermezzo reserve deposited at closing of the Merger, and (iii) fifty percent of all royalty income, net of Costs, to be received by the Company pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement for all periods after October 30, 2016.  
 Patent Term Adjustment Suit 
   In January 2013, the Company filed suit in the Eastern District of Virginia against the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, seeking recalculation of the patent term adjustment of the  131 Patent. Purdue Pharma has agreed to bear the costs and expenses associated with this litigation. In June 2013, the judge granted a joint motion to stay the proceedings pending a remand to the USPTO, in which the USPTO is expected to reconsider its patent term adjustment award in light of decisions in a number of appeals to the Federal Circuit, including Novartis AG v. Lee 740 F.3d 593 (Fed. Cir. 2014), or the Novartis decision. Since having issued final rules implementing the Novartis decision, the USPTO has been working through the civil action cases and issuing remand decisions. The Company s case was on remand until the USPTO made its decision on the recalculation of the patent term adjustment. On September 28, 2016, the USPTO issued a decision that the patent term adjustment is 1,038 days, from which the  131  
   
 20 

Patent expiration would be March 26, 2029.  
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is from time to time involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, proceedings, and threats of litigation relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, employment and other matters. While the outcome of these proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, as of September 30, 2016, the Company was not party to any other legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Company s financial position. No governmental proceedings are pending or, to the Company s knowledge,  contemplated against the Company. The Company is not a party to any material proceedings in which any director, member of executive management or affiliate of the Company is either a party adverse to the Company or the Company s subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or the Company s subsidiaries.  
 15.   Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
   
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  , which delayed the effective date of the new standard from January 1, 2017 to January 1, 2018.  Early adoption is not permitted for public entities. In March 2016 and April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  and   ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts   with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  respectively .  The Company has not yet completed its final review of the impact of this guidance, although the Company does not anticipate a material impact on its revenue recognition practices. The Company continues to review this guidance, potential disclosures and the Company s method of adoption to complete its evaluation of the impact on its consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Company continues to monitor additional changes, modifications, clarifications or interpretations being undertaken by the FASB, which may impact the Company s current conclusions.    
   
 In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12 Compensation Stock Compensation. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This ASU simplifies several areas of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either liabilities or equity and classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows. This guidance also permits a new entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods, and early adoption is permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern . The amendments in this update apply to all reporting entities and require an entity s management, in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). This ASU is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted.  Although the Company has not yet adopted this ASU, the Company evaluated the impact of this new standard as if it was adopted in connection with the issuance of its financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and determined no additional disclosures are required.  
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . The amendment requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with a maximum possible term of more than 12 months. A lessee would recognize a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the leased asset (the underlying asset) for the lease term. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including those interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

21 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230),   which simplifies certain elements of cash flow classification. The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in   the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the ASU will have   on its consolidated financial statements.  

Item 2.   
 
   Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report. All references to  Paratek,   we,   us,   our  or the  Company  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q mean Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and our subsidiaries. 
 This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as  believe,   will,   may,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   should,   plan,   expect,   predict,   could,   potentially  or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. You should read these statements carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition, or state other  forward- looking  information. These statements relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and financial performance and the assumptions that underlie these statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016 and elsewhere in this report. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of their date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments. We caution investors that our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. 
   
 Company Overview 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapeutics based upon tetracycline chemistry.  We have used our expertise in biology and tetracycline chemistry to create chemically diverse and biologically distinct small molecules derived from the minocycline core structure. Our two lead product candidates are the antibacterials omadacycline and sarecycline.  
 Omadacycline is the first in a new class of aminomethylcycline antibiotics. Omadacycline is a broad-spectrum, well-tolerated once-daily intravenous, or IV, and oral antibiotic. We believe that omadacycline has the potential to become the primary antibiotic choice of physicians for use as a broad-spectrum monotherapy antibiotic for acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections, or ABSSSI, community-acquired bacterial pneumonia, or CABP, or urinary tract infection, or UTI, and other serious community-acquired bacterial infections, where resistance is of concern. We believe omadacycline, if approved, will be used in the emergency room, hospital and community care settings. We have designed omadacycline to provide potential advantages over existing antibiotics, including activity against resistant bacteria, broad spectrum antibacterial activity, oral and IV formulations with once-daily dosing, no known drug interactions, and a favorable safety and tolerability profile.  
   
 In the fall of 2013, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, agreed to the design of our omadacycline Phase 3 studies for ABSSSI and CABP through the Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, process. In addition, the FDA confirmed that positive data from the individual studies for ABSSSI and CABP would be sufficient to support approval of omadacycline for each indication and for both oral and IV formulations in the United States.  In addition to Qualified Infectious Disease Product designation, on November 4, 2015, the FDA granted omadacycline Fast Track designation for the development of omadacycline in ABSSSI, CABP, and complicated Urinary Tract Infections, or cUTI. Fast Track designation facilitates the development, and expedites the review of drugs that treat serious or life-threatening conditions and fills an unmet medical need. In February 2016, we reached agreement with the FDA on the terms of the pediatric program associated with the Pediatric Research and Equity Act. The FDA has granted Paratek a waiver for conducting studies with omadacycline in children less than eight years old and a deferral in conducting studies in children eight years and older until safety and efficacy is established in adults.  In May 2016, the FDA agreed to the design of the Phase 3 oral-only ABSSSI study and that it is consistent with the current ABSSSI guidance. 
   
   Scientific advice received through the centralized procedure in Europe confirmed general agreement on the design and choice of comparators of the Phase 3 trials for ABSSSI and CABP and noted that approval based on a single study in each indication could be possible but would be subject to more stringent statistical standards than Market Authorization Applications, or MAA, programs that  
   
 22 

conduct two pivotal Phase 3 studies per indication. We believe that the inclusion of the second Phase 3 oral-only study in ABSSSI, if positive,   strengthens the data package for a successful MAA filing and approval in EU.    
 Omadacycline entered Phase 3 clinical development for the treatment of ABSSSI in June 2015. In June 2016, we announced positive top-line efficacy and safety data for this study. We announced that the first patient was dosed in a Phase 3 clinical study of omadacycline for the treatment of CABP in November 2015. We have also completed the third prospectively planned data safety monitoring board review.  Following their review, the committee recommended that the protocol continue in its original design without modification.  We continue to progress our Phase 3 study consistent with our plan and anticipate top-line results for CABP as early as the third quarter of 2017.  We also dosed the first patient in an oral-only Phase 3 study of omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI in August 2016. We anticipate top-line results for this study as early as the second quarter of 2017.  Our Phase 1b sinusitis study was deprioritized to focus internal efforts on the oral-only ABSSSI Phase 3 study and strategic planning efforts for UTI. 
 We recently completed several clinical Phase 1 studies with omadacycline.  In these Phase 1 studies, omadacycline was generally safe and well tolerated, consistent with prior Phase 1 studies. In May 2016, we initiated our first oral-only and IV-to-oral study of omadacycline dosed for five days in a Phase 1b clinical study in patients with a UTI. This Phase 1b UTI study was recently completed.  Data from this study showed that omadacycline achieved proof of principle, by demonstrating high concentration levels of omadacycline in urine, across IV-to-oral and oral-only dosing regimens. We anticipate presenting results for the Phase 1b UTI study at an upcoming R D Day and at future scientific meetings. 
 We have also recently completed clinical Phase 1 studies with omadacycline that are needed for inclusion in the planned New Drug Application, or NDA, regulatory filing with the FDA.  These studies include pharmacokinetic, or PK, studies in special populations (end-stage renal disease subjects, or ESRD subjects) and PK-lung penetration studies in healthy volunteers. A recently completed Phase 1 study of ESRD subjects was designed to evaluate the absorption and elimination of omadacycline compared to matched healthy control subjects. Results from this study showed that the absorption and elimination of omadacycline in ESRD subjects appears to be similar to healthy control subjects, suggesting that dose adjustments should not be required in subjects who have severe renal disease. In another recently completed Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers, which was designed to evaluate the PK relationship between human plasma concentrations and lung concentrations, omadacycline demonstrated higher concentration levels in broncho-alveloar lavage, or BAL, lung fluid when compared with plasma concentrations. This result supports the potential utility of omadacycline in the treatment of lower respiratory tract bacterial infections caused by susceptible pathogens.  A third Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers has been completed that evaluated the PK exposure profile of three oral-only dosing regimens of omadacycline administered for five days in healthy volunteers. In this Phase 1 study, across three oral dosing regimens of omadacycline, PK plasma levels increased with higher doses of omadacycline, demonstrating dose proportionality. We anticipate presenting results for the Phase 1b UTI study at an upcoming R D Day and at future scientific meetings. Assuming positive Phase 3 study results, we plan to include and submit these data in an NDA for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in the first half of 2018. 
 In October 2016, we announced that we entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, or CRADA, with the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, or USAMRIID, to study omadacycline against pathogenic agents causing infectious diseases of public health and biodefense importance. These studies are designed to confirm humanized dosing regimens of omadacycline in order to study the efficacy of omadacycline against biodefense pathogens, including Yersinia pestis, or plague, and Bacillus anthracis, or anthrax. Funding support for the trial has been made available through the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, or DTRA/ Joint Science and Technology Office and Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical and Biological Defense / Joint Project Manager Medical Countermeasure Systems / BioDefense Therapeutics. 
 Our second Phase 3 antibacterial product candidate, sarecycline, previously known as WC3035, is a new, once-daily, tetracycline-derived compound designed for use in the treatment of acne and rosacea. We believe that, based upon the data generated to-date, sarecycline possesses favorable anti-inflammatory activity, plus narrow-spectrum antibacterial activity relative to other tetracycline-derived molecules, oral bioavailability, does not cross the blood-brain barrier, and favorable PK properties that we believe make it particularly well-suited for the treatment of inflammatory acne in the community setting. We have exclusively licensed U.S. development and commercialization rights to sarecycline for the treatment of acne to Allergan plc, or Allergan, while retaining development and commercialization rights in the rest of the world. Allergan has informed us that sarecycline entered Phase 3 clinical trials in December 2014 for acne vulgaris. Allergan provided guidance that top-line data from the Phase 3 trial of sarecycline will be available in the first half of 2017. We also granted Allergan an exclusive license to develop and commercialize sarecycline for the treatment of rosacea in the United States, which converted to a non-exclusive license in December 2014 after Allergan did not exercise its development option with respect to rosacea. There are currently no clinical trials with sarecycline in rosacea underway. 
   
   To date, we have devoted a substantial amount of our resources to research and development efforts, including conducting clinical trials for omadacycline, protecting our intellectual property and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We have not yet submitted any product candidates for approval by regulatory authorities, and we do not currently have rights to any products that have been approved for marketing in any territory. We have not generated any revenue from product sales and to date have financed our operations primarily through sale of our common and convertible preferred stock, note financings,  
   
 23 

research and development collaborations, and, to a lesser extent, through government grants, foundation support, line of credit   financings, and equipment lease financings.  
   
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception in 1996. Our accumulated deficit at September 30, 2016 was $353.9 million and our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $85.2 million. A substantial amount of our net losses resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs, general and administrative costs associated with our operations and noncash items primarily associated with our note financings. The net losses and negative operating cash flows incurred to date, together with expected future losses, have had, and likely will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders  equity and working capital. The amount of future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate offsetting revenue, if any. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We expect our clinical development expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue our clinical development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, prepare for and begin commercialization of any approved products, and add infrastructure and personnel to support our product development efforts. 
 We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we or our partner Allergan successfully complete development and obtain marketing approval for one or more of our product candidates. Accordingly, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital in order to complete the development and commercialization of omadacycline and to advance the development of our other product candidates. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, we expect to finance our future cash needs primarily through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, monetization of sarecycline U.S. royalties and strategic collaborations. We may be unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, which would force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs or commercialization efforts. We will need to generate significant revenue to achieve and sustain profitability, and we may never be able to do so. 
 Recent Financing Activities 
   
 We completed a public offering in June 2016 of 4,887,500 shares of common stock at an offering price of $13.00 per share, which included 637,500 shares of common stock issued upon the exercise by the underwriters of an option to purchase additional shares from us. The net proceeds received by us, after underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses, were $59.3 million. We have used and we intend to continue to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing capital resources, to fund our ongoing Phase 3 oral-only and IV-to-oral studies of omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, respectively, to fund activities required to support an NDA submission for omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, including manufacture of validation batches and the potential establishment of secondary manufacturing suppliers for our active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and drug product, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
   
 On October 15, 2015, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM , or Sales Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., or Cantor, under which we could, at our discretion, from time-to-time sell shares of our common stock, with a sales value of up to $50 million. We provided Cantor with customary indemnification rights, and Cantor was entitled to a commission at a fixed rate of 3% of the gross proceeds per share sold. Sales of the shares under the Sales Agreement were to be made in transactions deemed to be  at the market offerings  as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We initiated sales of shares under the Sales Agreement in March 2016, and sold an aggregate of 129,088 shares of common stock through June 30, 2016, resulting in net proceeds of $2.0 million after deducting commissions of $62,000. There were no sales of shares under the Sales Agreement in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Revenue 
 We have not yet generated any revenue from product sales. All of our revenue to date has been derived from license fees, milestone payments, reimbursements for research, development and manufacturing activities under licenses and collaborations, and grant payments received from the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, and other non-profit organizations. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales prior to 2018, at the earliest. 
   
 24 

Research and Development Expense  
 Research and development expenses consisted primarily of costs directly incurred by us for the development of our product candidates, which include: 

expenses incurred under agreements with clinical research organizations, or CROs, and investigative sites that will conduct our clinical trials;     

the cost of acquiring and manufacturing preclinical and clinical study materials and developing manufacturing processes;     

direct employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense of our research and development personnel;     

allocated facilities, depreciation, and other expenses, which include rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies; and     

costs associated with preclinical activities and regulatory compliance.     

 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs for certain development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors and our clinical sites. 
 We cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of the current or future clinical trials of our product candidates or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates for which we or any partner obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including: 

the scope, rate of progress, and expense of our ongoing, as well as any additional, clinical trials and other research and development activities;     

future clinical trial results;     

potential changes in government regulation; and     

the timing and receipt of any regulatory approvals.     

 A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of a product candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that therapeutic candidate. For example, if the FDA, or another regulatory authority, were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of the clinical development of product candidates, or if we experience significant delays in the enrollment in any clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development. 
 We are using available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities on hand and borrowings under our Loan Agreement with Hercules to conduct ongoing Phase 3 oral-only and IV-to-oral studies of omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, respectively.  Additional uses of cash include our preparation for the filing of an NDA submission to the FDA and MAA filing to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, including manufacturing of validation batches and the potential establishment of secondary manufacturing suppliers for our API and drug product. 
 We manage certain activities, such as clinical trial operations, manufacture of therapeutic candidates, and preclinical animal toxicology studies, through third-party CROs. The only costs we track by each product candidate are external costs such as services provided to us by CROs, manufacturing of preclinical and clinical drug product, and other outsourced research and development expenses. We do not assign or allocate to individual development programs internal costs such as salaries and benefits, facilities costs, lab supplies and the costs of preclinical research and studies. Our external research and development expenses for omadacycline and other projects during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands):   

25 

General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other related costs for personnel and professional, legal and consulting fees. 
   
 Interest Expense  
 Interest expense represents interest incurred on the Hercules Term Loan and the adjustment of our marketable securities to amortized cost.  
 Interest Income 
 Interest income represents interest earned on our money market funds and marketable securities purchased. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Research and Development Expense    
   
 Research and development expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased modestly compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to the completion of our Phase 3 ABSSSI IV-to-oral study in June 2016.  
   
 General and Administrative Expense 
   
 General and administrative expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 is consistent with the same period in 2015.  The expense incurred during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were primarily driven by personnel costs, professional and consulting services, including legal, accounting and audit fees, and other administrative spend.   
   
 26 

Changes in Fair Value of Contingent Obligations  
   
 During both of the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded a $0.2 million decrease in the fair value of our contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders. The decrease in the fair value of our contingent obligation for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 represents the change in our expected obligation to former Transcept stockholders in connection with the Royalty Sharing Agreement (as defined below) executed on October 28, 2016. The decrease in the fair value of our contingent obligation for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was recorded based on the estimated probability of success in our appeal on the outcome of litigation that invalidated several Intermezzo patents as obvious. Refer to Note 10,  Fair Value Measurements,  of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
   
 Other Income and Expenses 
   
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 represents interest incurred on the Term Loan entered into with Hercules on September 30, 2015 of $0.6 million and the net amortization of our marketable securities of $0.2 million. Interest income represents interest earned on our money market funds and marketable securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $0.3 million. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30 2015 represents the accretion of interest expense on the Intermezzo Reserve in 2015. 
   
 27 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Research and Development Expense    
   
 Research and development expenses were $63.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $35.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase in research and development expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of our ongoing clinical development of omadacycline. We initiated a Phase 1b UTI oral-only study in May 2016 and a Phase 3 ABSSSI oral-only study in August 2016.   
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $35.4 million in expense associated with our Phase 3 studies for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, including our oral-only Phase 3 study, which represents an increase of $13.9 million compared to $21.5 million in the same period in prior year. This increase is associated primarily with strong enrollment performance in both our Phase 3 ABSSSI and CABP IV-to-oral studies and initiation of our Phase 3 ABSSSI oral-only study, resulting in an increased recognition of expenses related to study start-up, CRO fees, investigator fees, and costs associated with clinical sites and laboratories.  We also incurred $8.4 million in production costs for omadacycline registration batches and manufacturing process validation work, which represents an increase of $5.0 million compared to the same period in prior year.  
   
 Also during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $11.3 million in costs from omadacycline Phase 1 studies and other research and development activities and $7.3 million in salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation, which represents an increase of $5.7 million and $3.6 million, respectively, compared to the same period in prior year, due to the conduct of additional Phase 1 studies and increased headcount.   
   
 We expect that research and development expenses will increase during the fourth quarter of 2016 as each of our two on-going Phase 3 studies will be enrolling patients for the full quarter.  During the third quarter of 2016, our oral-only Phase 3 study of omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI began enrollment in August.  Additionally, costs associated with our preparation activities to support our NDA submission for omadacycline will increase compared to the third quarter of 2016. 
   
 General and Administrative Expense 
   
 The increase in general and administrative costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to growth in our corporate infrastructure.  Salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation, increased $5.9 million due to increased headcount.  This increase is partially offset by a decrease in professional and consulting services, including legal fees. We do not expect significant fluctuations in general and administrative expenses during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
   
 Impairment of Intangible Assets    
   
 We recorded an impairment charge of $2.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. No such impairment was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The impairment charge was recorded in connection with the outcome of litigation that invalidated several Intermezzo patent claims as obvious and triggered an evaluation of the carrying value of the Intermezzo product rights and related contingent liability in light of an expected decline in Intermezzo sales. 
   
 28 

Changes in Fair Value of Contingent Obligations  
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded a $50,000 decrease and $3.0 million decrease, respectively, in the fair value of our contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders. The decrease in the fair value of our contingent obligation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 represents the change in our expected obligation to former Transcept stockholders in connection with the Royalty Sharing Agreement executed on October 28, 2016 combined with changes in present value of the obligation throughout the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
   
 The change in fair value of our contingent obligations during the same period in prior year were associated with the then ongoing Intermezzo patent litigation described in Note 14,  Commitments and Contingencies , combined with changes in present value of the obligation throughout the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we recorded a $3.1 million reduction in the fair value of our contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders in conjunction with the outcome of litigation that invalidated several Intermezzo patents as obvious and triggered an evaluation of the carrying value of the Intermezzo product rights and related contingent obligations in light of an expected decline in Intermezzo sales. We appealed the outcome of the trial during the second quarter of 2015. Based on estimated probability of success of the appeal combined with fair value remeasurements, we recorded a net increase in contingent obligations to former Transcept shareholders of $0.2 million during the second and third quarters of 2015. Refer to Note 10,  Fair Value Measurements , of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
   
 Other Income and Expenses 
   
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 represents interest incurred on the Term Loan entered into with Hercules on September 30, 2015 of $1.9 million and the net amortization of our marketable securities of $0.4 million. Interest income represents interest earned on our money market funds and marketable securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $0.8 million. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015   represents the accretion of interest expense on the Intermezzo Reserve.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
 On January 12, 2015, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, as amended on April 24, 2015 and declared effective on April 27, 2015, to sell shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, in an aggregate amount of up to $200.0 million to the public in one or more registered offerings. Under this shelf registration statement, we completed a public offering on May 5, 2015 of 3,089,000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $24.50 per share, which included 229,000 shares of common stock issued upon the exercise, in part, by the underwriters of an option to purchase additional shares. The net proceeds received by us, after underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses, were $70.4 million. We also completed another public offering on June 27, 2016 of 4,887,500 shares of common stock at an offering price of $13.00, which included 637,500 shares of common stock issued upon the exercise, in full, by the underwriters of an option to purchase additional shares. The net proceeds received by us, after underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses, were $59.3 million.  
   
 We borrowed $20.0 million under the Loan Agreement executed with Hercules on September 30, 2015, and have access to an additional $20.0 million through December 31, 2016 under the same agreement.  
   
 We have also sold an aggregate of 129,088 shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement with Cantor through June 30, 2016, resulting in net proceeds of $2.0 million after deducting commissions of $62,000. There were no sales of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement with Cantor in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 We have used and intend to continue to use the net proceeds from the public offerings, Loan Agreement, and sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement with Cantor, together with our existing cash, to fund our ongoing Phase 3 oral-only and IV-to-oral studies of omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, respectively, to fund activities required to support an NDA submission for omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, including manufacture of validation batches and the potential establishment of secondary manufacturing suppliers for our API and drug product, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
   
 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $120.8 million.  
   
 29 

The following table summarizes our cash provided by and (used in) operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands): 

Operating Activities 
   
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $69.9 million is primarily the result of our $85.2 million net loss offset in part by a $1.5 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and a decrease of $4.3 million in prepaid expenses mainly associated with the clinical development of omadacycline. The remainder is the net impact of $9.8 million in non-cash items, including $9.7 million in depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense, $0.2 million in non-cash interest expense, a $0.1 million decrease in contingent obligations to former Transcept stockholders offset by $0.1 million of interest earned on our marketable securities. 
 Investing Activities 
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we invested $93.3 million of our cash in short-term marketable securities (U.S. treasury and government agency securities) partially offset by proceeds by maturities of marketable securities of $25.0 million. The net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is also the result of an increase in restricted cash primarily representing a letter of credit of $0.8 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of $61.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compares to $90.0 million for the same period in 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is the result of net proceeds of $2.0 million received as a result of our sales of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement, net proceeds of $59.3 million from an underwritten public offering of 4,887,500 shares of common stock in June 2016 and the exercise of stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is the result of net proceeds of $70.4 million from an underwritten public offering of 3,089,000 shares of common stock in May 2015, the draw of $19.4 million, net of issuance costs, on the Hercules Term Loan, as well as the exercise of stock options. 
   
 Future Funding Requirements 
 We have not generated and we do not know when, if ever, we will generate any revenue from product sales. We do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we or our partner Allergan obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize omadacycline, sarecycline or any of our other product candidates. At the same time, we expect our expenses to increase in connection with ongoing development activities, particularly as we continue the research, development and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, our product candidates. We also expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. In addition, subject to obtaining regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, we anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations to support commercial activities associated with our lead product candidate, omadacycline. 
 We have not completed development of any product candidates. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 

conduct our clinical trials of omadacycline;     

seek regulatory approvals for omadacycline, assuming that it successfully completes clinical trials;     

30 

establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and increases to our manufacturing demand and capabilities to commercialize omadacycline;   and     

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned commercialization efforts.     

 Based upon our current operating plan, we anticipate that our cash, cash equivalents and available for sale marketable securities of $120.8 million, as well as the $20.0 million available to us under the Loan Agreement with Hercules, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through the submission of an NDA for omadacycline for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP, which we currently expect to occur in the first half of 2018. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, and the unknown extent to which we will enter into collaborations with third parties to participate in the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate with certainty the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including :  

the progress of clinical development of omadacycline;     

the number and characteristics of other product candidates that we pursue;     

the scope, progress, timing, cost and results of research, preclinical development and clinical trials;     

the costs, timing and outcome of seeking and obtaining FDA and non-U.S. regulatory approvals;     

the costs associated with manufacturing and establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;     

our ability to maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make in connection with the licensing, filing, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights;     

our need and ability to hire additional management, scientific and medical personnel;     

the effect of competing products that may limit market penetration of our product candidates;     

our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; and     

the economic and other terms, timing and success of our existing licensing arrangements and any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future, including the timing of receipt of any milestone or royalty payments under these arrangements.     

 Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, we expect to finance our future cash needs primarily through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and strategic collaborations. We do not have any committed external sources of funds other than our collaboration with Allergan, which is terminable by Allergan upon prior written notice, and the undrawn balance of $20.0 million on the Loan Agreement with Hercules. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect stockholders  rights. Additional debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
   Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to,  among other items, intangible assets, goodwill, contingent liabilities, stock-based compensation arrangements, useful lives for depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. During the first three months of 2016, we began investing in   
   
 31 

short-term marketable securities. Refer to Note 3,   Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securi  ties   and Note 10,   Fair Value Measurements,   for additional information.   There have been no other material changes in our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended   September   30, 2016, as compared to those disclosed in the    Management s Discus  sion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016.  
   
 32 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 Refer to Note 15,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements , in the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 we did not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities, including the use of structured finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
     
 We executed an amended lease agreement on our Boston office space in July 2016. The amended lease agreement adds 4,153 rentable square feet of office space, for a commitment of $1.1 million and extends the original lease term by two years, for an additional commitment of $0.9 million. The total lease commitment of $2.0 million is over a five-year lease term.  In accordance with the amended lease agreement, we paid a security deposit of $0.1 million.  We are required to make additional payments under the facility operating leases for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses incurred during the operating lease period.   
   
 We executed an amended lease agreement on our King of Prussia office space in October 2016.  The amended lease agreement is for 19,708 rentable square feet of office space, for a total commitment of $3.6 million. The total lease commitment is over a seven-year and seven-month lease term. The leases contain rent escalation and a rent free period. We are required to make additional payments under the facility operating leases for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses incurred during the operating lease period. 
   
 On October 28, 2016, in satisfaction of our payment obligation of the proceeds of sale or disposition of the Intermezzo product rights to the former Transcept stockholders under the Merger Agreement (as defined in Note 1,  Description of the business , to our unaudited condensed consolidation financial statements), we executed a royalty sharing agreement, or the Royalty Sharing Agreement, with the Special Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, or the Special Committee, a committee established in connection with the Merger. Under the Royalty Sharing Agreement, we agreed to pay to the former Transcept stockholders fifty percent of all royalty income received by us pursuant to our license and collaboration agreement with Purdue Pharma L.P., or the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, net of all costs, fees and expenses incurred by us in connection with the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, related agreements, the Intermezzo product and the administration of the royalty income to the Transcept stockholders, or collectively, the Costs.  As such, subsequent to the second anniversary of the Merger, we intend to pay to the Transcept stockholders (i) one hundred percent of the royalty income received under the Purdue Collaboration Agreement through the second anniversary of the Merger, (ii) the excess remaining at October 30, 2016 of the $3.0 million Intermezzo reserve deposited at closing of the Merger, and (iii) fifty percent of all royalty income, net of Costs, to be received by us pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement for all periods after October 30, 2016.  
  Other than as described above, there have been no other material changes in our contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2016, as compared to those disclosed in   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Contractual Obligations and Commitments   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC   on March 9, 2016. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks  
 Our cash, cash equivalents and investments balance as of September 30, 2016 consisted of cash and cash equivalents and U.S. treasury and government agency securities. The goals of our investment policy are preservation of capital, fulfillment of liquidity needs and fiduciary control of cash and investments. We also seek to maximize income from our investments without assuming significant risk. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of interest rates, particularly because our investments are in short-term marketable securities. Due to the short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the low-risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. We have the ability and intention to hold our investments until maturity and, therefore, we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a sudden change in market interest rates on our investment portfolio. 
   
 33 

We engage CROs and contract manufacturers   on a global scale. We may be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection with certain of these agreements. We currently do not hedge any such foreign currency exchange rate risk. Transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. do  llars are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise and were less than 10% of total liabilities as of September 30, 2016.  
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
 Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 As of September 30, 2016, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II 

Item 1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings    

Intermezzo Patent Litigation 
   
 In July 2012, we received notifications from three companies, Actavis Elizabeth LLC, or Actavis Elizabeth, Watson Laboratories, Inc. Florida, or Watson, and Novel Laboratories, Inc., or Novel, in September 2012, from each of Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Par Formulations Private Ltd., together, the Par Entities, in February 2013 from Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Inc. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Ltd., together, Dr. Reddy s, and in July 2013 from TWi Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Twi, stating that each has filed with the FDA an ANDA, that references Intermezzo. Refer to Item 3,  Legal Proceedings,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016, for a full description of the history of this litigation. 
   
 The United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, or the New Jersey District Court, held a consolidated trial between December 1, 2014 and December 15, 2014 involving Paratek, Purdue Pharma, and their patent infringement claims against Actavis Elizabeth, Novel, and Dr. Reddy s. The New Jersey District Court then received post-trial briefing and held a February 13, 2015 post-trial hearing. On March 27, 2015, the New Jersey District Court issued an order and accompanying opinion finding that: (a) the asserted claims of U.S. Patent Nos. 7,682,628, 8,242,131, and 8,252,809, are invalid as obvious; (b) Actavis Elizabeth, Novel, and Dr. Reddy s infringe the  131 patent; (c) Novel infringes the  628 patent; and (d) Novel and Dr. Reddy s infringe the  809 patent. On April 9, 2015, the New Jersey District Court entered final judgment consistent with the March 27, 2015 opinion and order referenced above.  As a result of the New Jersey District Court s findings, the intangible assets representing Intermezzo product rights have been impaired and the related contingent obligation has been reduced in light of an expected decline in Intermezzo sales. Refer to Note 5,  Intangible Assets, Net , and Note 10,  Fair Value Measurements,  for discussion of impairment and reduction in contingent obligations, respectively. 
   
 We and Purdue Pharma jointly appealed the New Jersey District Court s final judgment as to the  131 patent to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on May 6, 2015. On January 8, 2016 the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the decision of the New Jersey District Court, and no opinion accompanied the judgment. On September 14, 2016, the defendants filed a warrant of satisfaction of judgment in the New Jersey District Court for the costs having been fully paid to the defendants.   

34 

On October 28, 2016, in satisfaction of our payment obligation of the proceeds of sale or disposition of the Intermezzo product rights to the former Transcept stockholders under the Merger Agreement, we executed the Royalty Sharing Ag  reement with the Special Committee. Under the Royalty Sharing Agreement, we agreed to pay to the former Transcept stockholders fifty percent of all royalty income received by us pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement, net of the Costs. As such, sub  sequent to the second anniversary of the Merger, we intend to pay to the Transcept stockholders (i) one hundred percent of the royalty income received under the Purdue Collaboration Agreement through the second anniversary of the Merger, (ii) the excess re  maining at October 30, 2016 of the $3.0 million Intermezzo reserve deposited at closing of the Merger, and (iii) fifty percent of all royalty income, net of the Costs, to be received by us pursuant to the Purdue Collaboration Agreement for all periods afte  r October 30, 2016.   
 Patent Term Adjustment Suit 
 In January 2013, we filed suit in the Eastern District of Virginia against the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, seeking recalculation of the patent term adjustment of the  131 Patent. Purdue Pharma has agreed to bear the costs and expenses associated with this litigation. In June 2013, the judge granted a joint motion to stay the proceedings pending a remand to the USPTO, in which the USPTO is expected to reconsider its patent term adjustment award in light of decisions in a number of appeals to the Federal Circuit, including Novartis AG v. Lee 740 F.3d 593 (Fed. Cir. 2014), or the Novartis decision. Since having issued final rules implementing the Novartis decision, the USPTO has been working through the civil action cases and issuing remand decisions. Our case was on remand until the USPTO made its decision on the recalculation of the patent term adjustment. On September 28, 2016, the USPTO issued a decision that the patent term adjustment is 1,038 days, from which the  131 Patent expiration would be March 26, 2029. 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, proceedings, and threats of litigation relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, employment and other matters. While the outcome of these proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, as of September 30, 2016, we were not party to any other legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on our financial position. No governmental proceedings are pending or, to our knowledge, contemplated against us. We are not a party to any material proceedings in which any director, member of executive management or affiliate of ours is either a party adverse to us or our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or our subsidiaries. 

35 

Item 1A.   
 
          Ri  sk   Factors     

 There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 9, 2016. 

Item 6.   
 
     Exhibits    

 Reference is made to the Exhibit Index attached to this Report, which is incorporated by reference here. 

36 

SIGN    A  TURES  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 2 nd  day of November, 2016. 

Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ Michael F. Bigham  

Michael F. Bigham  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By:  

/s/ Douglas W. Pag n  

Douglas W. Pag n  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

37 

EXHIBIT   INDEX  

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

38  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 prtk-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

prtk-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Michael F. Bigham, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision; to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

/s/ MICHAEL F. BIGHAM  

Michael F. Bigham  

Chief Executive Officer  

November 2, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 prtk-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

prtk-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Douglas W. Pag n, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision; to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

/s/ DOUGLAS W. PAGAN  

Douglas W. Pag n  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 2, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 prtk-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

prtk-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Michael F. Bigham, Chief Executive Officer of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:  

1.   
 
 The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), of the Exchange Act; and     

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations the Company.     

 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has set his hand hereto as of the 2 nd  day of November, 2016.  

/s/ MICHAEL F. BIGHAM  

Michael F. Bigham  

Chief Executive Officer  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 prtk-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

prtk-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Douglas Pag n, Chief Financial Officer of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:  

1.   
 
 The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and     

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has set his hand hereto as of the 2 nd  day of November, 2016.  

/s/ DOUGLAS PAG N  

Douglas W. Pag n  

Chief Financial Officer  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 prtk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 prtk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 prtk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 prtk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 prtk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 prtk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

