<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-K-A_edgar_data_1491487_0001144204-16-131979_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4608672</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345325</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>344749</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1201432</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1737101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>853184</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>125</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131979.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107131245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131979
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Takung Art Co., Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001491487
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				264731758
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55500
		FILM NUMBER:		161977388

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FLAT/RM 03-04 20/F HUTCHISON HOUSE
		STREET 2:		10 HARCOURT ROAD
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-3158-0977

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FLAT/RM 03-04 20/F HUTCHISON HOUSE
		STREET 2:		10 HARCOURT ROAD
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cardigant Medical Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131979.txt : 20161107

10-K/A
 1
 v452209_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K/A  

  Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K  

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2015  

For the transition period from _____________________ to _________________________ 

Commission file number 000-55500 

TAKUNG ART
CO., LTD   

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
       26-4731758    
 
      State or other jurisdiction of 
        incorporation or organization  
      (I.R.S. Employer 
        Identification No.)   

Flat/RM
    03-04 20/F Hutchison House 10 Harcourt Road, Central, Hong Kong    
 
      (Address
    of principal executive offices)  
      (Zip
    Code)   

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code  +852 3158-0977  

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
    of each class  
       
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered   

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock par value $0.001 per share  

 (Title of
class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     
   Yes         
  x    No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.               
       Yes         
  x     No  

Note    Checking the box above
will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations
under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x 
 Yes        
No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     x
  Yes         No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    
  Yes   x   No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    
          
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer    
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting
    company)  
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     
   Yes         
  x    No  

State the aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s 2015 second fiscal quarter
was $34,183,346.60 (11,026,886 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, at $3.10 per share, the price at which the common
equity was last sold on February 11, 2016). 

Note  . If a determination
as to whether a particular person or entity is an affiliate cannot be made without involving unreasonable effort and expense,
the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates may be calculated on the basis of assumptions reasonable
under the circumstances, provided that the assumptions are set forth in this Form. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED
IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 
        
        Yes                
        No  

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

The number of shares of common stock,
par value $0.001 (the  Common Stock ), outstanding as of February 16, 2016 is 11,119,276. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

List hereunder the following documents
if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated:
(1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule
424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g.,
annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). 

Explanatory Note  

Takung Art Co., Ltd. (together with its
subsidiaries, the  Company  sometimes referred to as  we ,  us  or  our ) is filing
this Amendment No,1 (this  Amendment  or  Form 10-K/A ) to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, originally filed on February 17, 2016 ( Original Form 10-K) to reflect a restatement of its consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and related disclosures described below.
The restatement of the Original Form 10-K reflected in this Amendment corrects errors principally related to the earnings per
share ( EPS ). The items amended in the Original Form 10-K are as listed in  Items Amended by this Filing 
below, as a result of the restatement of our financial statements. Other than the  Items Amended by this Filing ,
disclosures in the Original Form 10-K remain unchanged. 

No other sections were affected, but for
the convenience of the reader, this report on Form 10-K/A restates in its entirety, as amended, our Original Form 10-K. This report
on Form 10- K/A reflects certain events occurring subsequent to the date of the Original Form 10-K in its restated consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Except as stated herein, this Amendment does not reflect events
occurring after the filing of the Original Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2016 and no attempt
has been made in this Amendment to modify or update other disclosures as presented in the Original Form 10-K. 

Background of Restatement   

On April 26, 2016, we dismissed our prior
independent registered public accounting firm, AWC (CPA) Limited ( AWC ) and appointed Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk
LLP ( Marcum ) as our new independent registered public accounting firm. On May 18, 2016, the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) announced that it was, amongst other things, censuring AWC and revoking the firm s
registration (PCAOB Release No. 105-2016-016). 

As a matter of prudence, our Audit Committee
then requested Marcum, to audit our 2015 and 2014 financial statements. 

In the course of such audit, we discovered
that we had erroneously stated that our EPS, on a basic and diluted basis were $0.49 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015
in the Original Form 10-K. Instead, our EPS should have been $0.57 and $0.56, on a basic and diluted basis respectively, for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Also, our EPS for the year ended December 31, 2014 should have been $0.16 instead of $0.15
on both basic and diluted basis. 

Our Audit Committee had determined that
the errors were immaterial and we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on August 18, 2016 to disclose the errors and
determination. 

Despite that, our Audit Committee subsequently
determined that it would be prudent to file an amendment to Original Form 10-K to restate the relevant financials in their entirety,
replace AWC s independent registered public accounting firm opinions with that of Marcum s and amend certain non-EPS
related disclosures for a more refined, accurate and updated disclosure. 

Items Amended by this Filing   

This Amendment reflects the results of
the work described above and includes the restatement of our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015 and 2014. In addition, we made further revision in this Amendment No. 1 in order to present a more refined and updated
disclosure. For the convenience of the reader, this Amendment sets forth the Original Form 10-K, as modified and superseded where
necessary to reflect the restatement and other related adjustments, internal control matters, and as otherwise specifically indicated.
Specifically, the following items included in the Original Form 10-K are amended by this Amendment: 

EPS Amendments  

Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
    Data   

The Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm was issued by our new auditor, Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk, LLP for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014. 

The correction of the earnings
per shares errors described above is found in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income of the restated 2015
and 2014 financial statements and further discussed in notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part
II, Item 8 of this Amendment. 

Note 2   Correction to
previously issued consolidated financial statements. We added this footnote to discuss the restatement of the EPS - basic and
diluted for years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Note 10   EPS
  we revised the EPS - basic and diluted for years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 with the restated figures 

Non-EPS
Related Amendments  

In
                                         the second last paragraph of the  Offering Process , we have changed the
                                         date of the artworks listed so far to  February 17, 2016  (being the original
                                         filing date of the Original Form 10-K) from  the date of this Annual Report .
                                         We have similarly added a cut-off date of  February 17, 2016  from  the
                                         date of this Annual Report  to our disclosures under  Customers ,  Employees ,
                                          Intellectual Property  and Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
                                         Governance.   

We
                                         have removed references to  our independent registered public accounting firm 
                                         and changed the date of the financial statements to  December 31, 2015  in
                                         our Risk Factor titled    During the course of the audit of our financial statements
                                         for the year ended December 31, 2015, we identified three material weaknesses in our
                                         internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to establish and maintain effective
                                         internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report
                                         our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP could be materially and adversely
                                         affected. In addition, investor confidence in us and the market price of our equities
                                         could decline significantly if we conclude that our internal control over financial reporting
                                         is not effective  .    

We have removed Risk Factors titled    Our
    investors do not have the benefit to rely on the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board inspection of our independent registered
    public accounting firm  . ,    Our audit reports in our annual reports have been prepared by auditors
    who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and, as such, our shareholders are deprived of
    the benefits of such inspection  .  ,    If additional remedial measures are imposed on the Big Four
    PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm, in administrative proceedings brought
    by the SEC alleging the firms' failure to meet specific criteria set by the SEC, with respect to requests for the production
    of documents, we could be unable to timely file future financial statements in compliance with the requirements of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934.    and    The audit reports included in this Annual Report is prepared by an auditor
    who is not inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and, as such, you are deprived of the benefits of such
    inspection.    as they are no longer applicable to our present independent registered public accounting firm,
    Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk LLP.   

We have included a new Risk Factor titled    Our
    significant amount of deposits in certain banks in China may be at risk if these banks go bankrupt or otherwise do not have
    the liquidity to pay us during our deposit period.      

We have removed the sentence  We approved
    our Stock Option Plan in May 2010, allowing for the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock.  from Item 5.Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities, subsection  Equity
    Compensation Plans  and changed the date in the second paragraph to December 31, 2015.   

We
                                         have amended the  Overview  section under Item 7. Management s Discussion
                                         and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. to clarify the number
                                         of shares as being pre- reverse split.   

We
                                         have included additional disclosure about our material weaknesses in the fifth paragraph
                                         in the section titled    Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
                                         over Financial Reporting    in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

We
                                         rounded off the compensation in the Summary Compensation Table under Item 11. Executive
                                         Compensation.   

We
                                         added disclosure of the professional fees by our registered independent public accounting
                                         firm, Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk LLP for the re-audit of the Company for the years
                                         ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 under Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.   

Part
                                         II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

The Company reclassified certain
amounts in the consolidated financial statements for 2015, as well as the related comparative amounts for 2014 to conform to the
current year s presentation. The principal reclassifications are related to 1) aggregation of certain deposits, prepayment
and other receivables into prepayment and other current assets and other non-current assets, respectively, on the basis of time
period in which the economic benefits from the asset will flow to the Company, 2 ) the reclassification of certain general and
administrative expense to selling expense due to the nature of promotion related activities. These reclassifications did not have
an impact on reported total assets, liabilities and stockholder s equity. These reclassification are disclosed as one of
the accounting policy under notes 3, and a revised table to show the breakdown of prepayment and other current assets under note
4. 

The Company amended disclosure
of notes 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 for more refined and complete presentation without changing the numbers presented on
the financial statements. We added the disclosure  All shares outstanding for all periods have been retroactively restated
to reflect Takung s 1-for-25 reverse stock split , which was effective on August 10, 2015  under the consolidated
statement of balance sheet, income and comprehensive income, and stockholders  equity. In addition, we added the breakdown
of revenue in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. 

Note 1- We refined the Company,
as well as amending the disclosure related to the reverse merger and reverse stock split. 

Note 3   We amended the
summary of significant accounting policies to reflect the up-to-date disclosure. 

Note 5   We amended the
disclosure related to depreciation expenses. 

Note 6   We amended the disclosure related
to component of intangible assets and amortization expenses. 

Note 7   We refined the
breakdown of accrued expenses and other payables as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 by adding the item of accruals for promotion
fees and reclassification of items disclosed in this breakdown. There was no change to the total accrued expenses and other payables. 

Note 8   We amended the
disclosure of provision of income taxes by disclosing the table of components of provision of income taxes and reconciliation
between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate in the consolidated level instead of disclosing
such tables for each jurisdiction (I.e. United States, Hong Kong and China) separately. 

Note 9   We amended the
disclosure of both capital commitments and operation commitments. 

Note 11   We added further
disclosure related to equity movement from 2013, as well as disclosure related to reverse merger, reverse stock split and 2015
Incentive Stock Plan. 

The Company also amended disclosure
of notes 12 to reflect the updates of the subsequent events, including disclosure of stock options granted under the 2015 Inventive
Stock plan, and the loan agreements the Company entered during 2016. 

Part
                                         II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
                                         of Operations.   

The Company amended the disclosure
to reflect the amendments above, as well as more refined and complete presentation. We also amended the disclosure including going
concern consideration, critical accounting policies to reflect the update to present. 

Other than this Amendment, we
do not intend to file any other amended Annual Reports on Form 10-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for periods affected by
the restatement, and the financial statements, related financial information, and internal controls disclosures and assessments
contained in other reports for those periods should no longer be relied upon. All of our future Annual Reports on Form 10-K will
reflect the restated information included in this Amendment. 

Table of Contents  

Page   

PART
    I    
      4   
 
      Item 1.  
       Business.   
      4   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors.   
      23   
 
      Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments.   
      37   
 
      Item 2.  
       Properties.   
      37   
 
      Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings.   
      37   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      37   

PART
    II    
     38  

Item 5.  
       Market for Registrant s
    Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   
     38  
 
      Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data.   
      40   
 
      Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      40   
 
      Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      54   
 
      Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary
    Data.   
      54   
 
      Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
     74  
 
      Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures.   
     74  
 
      Item 9B.  
       Other Information.   
     75  

PART
    III    
     76  

Item 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers
    and Corporate Governance.   
     76  
 
      Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation.   
     82  
 
      Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain
    Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   
     85  
 
      Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related
    Transactions, and Director Independence.   
     86  
 
      Item 14.  
       Principal Accountant Fees and
    Services.   
     87  

PART
    IV    
     89  

Item 15.  
       Exhibits, Financial Statement
    Schedules.   
     89  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward
Looking Statements  

The discussion contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K ( Annual Report ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section
27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the United States Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions
or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always,
made through the use of words or phrases like  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   projects, 
 continuing,   ongoing,   target,   expects,   management believes, 
 we believe,   we intend,   we may,   we will,   we should,   we
seek,   we plan,  the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these forward-looking statements
on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate as of the
date of this Annual Report. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be
predicted, quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated
by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Annual Report describe factors, among others, that could
contribute to or cause these differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected
should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect. Because the
factors discussed in this Annual Report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statement.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess
the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this Annual
Report or the date of documents incorporated by reference herein that include forward-looking statements.  

Currency, exchange rate, and  China  and other
references  

Unless otherwise noted, all currency figures in this filing
are in U.S. dollars. 

References to  US$,   dollars  and
 U.S. dollars  are to the legal currency of the United States. 

References to  yuan  or  RMB  are to the
Chinese yuan, the lawful currency of China, which is also known as the  Renminbi . 

References to  HK$  are to the Hong Kong dollars,
the legal currency of Hong Kong. 

Our reporting currency is US dollars.
This Annual Report also contains translations of certain foreign currency amounts into U.S. dollars for the convenience of the
reader. Unless otherwise stated, all translations of HK$ into U.S. dollars were made at HK$7.7507 to US$1.00 and translations
of Renminbi into U.S. dollars were made at RMB 6.4778 to US$1.00, the exchange rates set forth in the H.10 statistical release
of the Federal Reserve Board on December 31, 2015. We make no representation that the HK$, Renminbi or U.S. dollar amounts referred
to in this Annual Report could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars, HK$ or Renminbi, as the case may be, at any
particular rate or at all. As of February 16, 2016, the translations of HK$ and Renminbi into U.S. dollars were made at HK$7.7636
and RMB 6. 5932 to US$1.00, respectively. 

References to  Common Stock 
are to the common stock of Takung Art Co., Ltd, par value $0.001. 

References to  PRC  or  China 
are to the People s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of this Annual Report only, Taiwan and the special administrative
regions of Hong Kong and Macau. 

References to  Hong Kong 
are to  Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China . 

Unless otherwise specified or required
by context, references to  we,   the Company ,  Takung ,  our  and  us 
refer collectively to (i) Takung Art Co., Ltd, (ii) the subsidiaries of Takung Art Co., Ltd, HongKong Takung Assets and Equity
of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd ( Hong Kong Takung ), a Hong Kong limited liability company, Takung (Shanghai) Co.,
Ltd. ( Shanghai Takung ) and Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd ( Tianjin Takung ), wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Hong Kong Takung incorporated in the Shanghai Free-Trade Zone (SFTZ) in Shanghai, China and Tianjin Pilot Free-Trade
Zone (TJFTZ) in Tianjin, China respectively. 

References to the  OTCQB 
are to one of the three marketplaces for OTC-traded securities under the banner of the OTC Markets, a securities quotation service,
which is accessible at the website www.otcmarkets.com. 

References to Shanghai Takung s
 registered capital  and Tianjin Takung s  registered capital  are to the equity of Shanghai Takung
and Tianjin Takung respectively, which under PRC law is measured not in terms of shares owned but in terms of the amount of capital
that has been contributed to a company by a particular stockholder or all stockholders. The portion of a limited liability company s
total capital contributed by a particular stockholder represents that stockholder s ownership of the company, and the total
amount of capital contributed by all stockholders is the company s total equity. Capital contributions are made to a company
by deposits into a dedicated account in the company s name, which the company may access in order to meet its financial
needs. When a company s accountant certifies to PRC authorities that a capital contribution has been made and the company
has received the necessary government permission to increase its contributed capital, the capital contribution is registered with
regulatory authorities and becomes a part of the company s  registered capital.  

PART
I  

    Item 1.   Business  

Overview   

Takung Art Co., Ltd
is a holding company that, through HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd., a Hong Kong company ( 
HongKong Takung ), our wholly owned subsidiary, and Takung (Shanghai) Co., Ltd and Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin)
Co. Ltd,, Hong Kong Takung s wholly-owned subsidiaries in China ( Shanghai Takung  and  Tianjin Takung 
respectively), operate an electronic online platform located at http://eng.takungae.com/ for artists, art dealers and art investors
to offer and trade in ownership units over valuable artwork. 

Through Hong Kong
Takung, Shanghai Takung and Tianjin Takung, we offer on-line listing and trading services that allow artists/art dealers/owners
to access a much bigger art trading market where they can engage with a wide range of investors that they might not encounter
without our platform. Our platform also makes investment in high-end and expensive artwork more accessible to ordinary people
without substantial financial resources. 

We generate revenue
from our services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system, primarily consisting of listing fees,
trading commissions, and management fees. 

We conduct our business
primarily in Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, People s Republic of China. Our principal executive offices are located
at Flat/RM 03-04, 20/F, Hutchison House, 10 Harcourt Road, Central, Hong Kong. 

Corporate History and Structure   

We were incorporated
in Delaware under the name Cardigant Medical Inc. on April 17, 2009. Our initial business plan was to focus on the development
of novel biologic and peptide-based compounds and enhanced methods for local delivery for the treatment of vascular disease including
peripheral artery disease and ischemic stroke. 

Pursuant to the Stock
Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2014, Yong Li, an individual purchased a total of 22,185,230 (pre- Reverse Stock Split)
restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company from a group of three former stockholders of the Company. In consideration for
the shares, Mr. Li paid the sellers $399,344 in cash which came from his own capital. The sellers were Jerett A. Creed, the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, director and formerly a controlling stockholder of the Company, the Creed
Family Limited Partnership and Ralph Sinibaldi. The shares represented approximately 95% of the Company s then issued and
outstanding Common Stock. The sale was consummated on August 28, 2014. As a result of the transaction, there was a change in control
of the Company. 

On August 27, 2014,
we entered into a Contribution Agreement with Cardigant Neurovascular. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, we assigned all
our assets, properties, rights, title and interest used or held for use by our business, (except for certain excluded assets set
forth therein) which was the treatment of atherosclerosis and plaque stabilization in both the coronary and peripheral vasculature
using systemic and local delivery of large molecule therapeutics and peptide mimetics based on high density lipoprotein targets
( Cardigant Business ). In consideration for such contribution of capital, Cardigant Neurovascular agreed to assume
all our liabilities raising from the Cardigant Business prior to the date of the Contribution Agreement and thereafter with regard
to certain contributed contacts. We granted Cardigant Neurovascular an exclusive option for a period of 6 months to purchase the
excluded assets for $1. Cardigant Neurovascular exercised this option October 20, 2014 and the excluded assets were assigned to
Cardigant Neurovascular on October 20, 2014. 

Also on October 20,
2014, we acquired the business of Hong Kong Takung through the acquisition of all the share capital of Hong Kong Takung under
a Share Exchange Agreement dated September 23, 2014 in exchange for 209,976,000 (pre-Reverse Stock Split) newly-issued restricted
shares of our Common Stock to the stockholders of Hong Kong Takung. 

Hong Kong Takung is
a limited liability company incorporated on September 17, 2012 under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region,China.
Although Hong Kong Takung was incorporated in late 2012, it did not commence business operations until late 2013. 

As a result of the
transfer of the excluded assets pursuant to the Contribution Agreement and the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares
of Hong Kong Takung, we are no longer conducting the Cardigant Business and have now assumed Hong Kong Takung s business
operations as it is now our only operating wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On November 5, 2014,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of the State of Delaware to change
our name from  Cardigant Medical Inc.  to  Takung Art Co., Ltd.  

On July 28, 2015,
Hong Kong Takung incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Takung (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Takung ), in Shanghai
Free-Trade Zone (SFTZ) in Shanghai, China, with a registered capital of $1 million. Shanghai Takung assists in Hong Kong Takung s
operations by receiving deposits from and making payments to online artwork Traders in mainland China on behalf of Hong Kong Takung.
On January 27, 2016, Hong Kong Takung incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd ( Tianjin
Takung ) in the Tianjin Free Trade Zone (TJFTZ) in Tianjin, China with a registered capital of $1 million. Tianjin Takung
provides technology development services to Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung, and also carries out marketing and promotion
activities in mainland China. 

On August 10, 2015,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to
effect a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-25 (the  Reverse Stock
Split ). Upon filing of the Certificate of Amendment, every twenty-five shares of the Company s issued and outstanding
Common Stock were automatically converted into one issued and outstanding share of Common Stock, without any change in par value
per share. No fractional shares will be issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who would otherwise be entitled
to receive a fractional share will be entitled to rounding up their fractional shares to the nearest whole number. 

Business History of Hong Kong Takung   

Hong Kong Takung is
a limited liability company incorporated on September 17, 2012 under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, China.
Its authorized capital is 20,000,000 shares. Prior to the Reverse Merger, all its 20,000,000 issued and outstanding shares, par
value $0.13 (HK$1) per share, were owned by Kirin Linkage Limited (4,000,000 shares) and Loyal Heaven Limited (16,000,000 shares),
both Cayman Islands companies. 

Although Hong Kong
Takung was incorporated in late 2012, it did not commence business operations until late 2013. 

Corporate Structure   

The diagram below illustrates our current
corporate structure: 

Our Trading
Platform   

Our
proprietary platform is an all-electronic trading system, consisting of host computers, client-side terminals and related communication
system. Our trading system supports the trading and payment/settlement of artwork ownership units. It is an electronic platform
developed by a third party software development company and customized for us, primarily consisting of a matching system, a transaction
monitoring system, an account managing system and a settlement system. 

Matching
is a core function of our trading platform. Our system concludes transactions by matching all the transactions submitted by the
Traders. Transaction monitoring system is responsible for monitoring the daily transactions in real-time to ensure fairness and
accuracy in our trading platform. The settlement system verifies and reconciles daily statistical data with the banks  transaction
system, and completes the registration and settlement (or payment) of artwork units once the transaction data is verified. 

Our
website http://eng.takungae.com/ is an essential part of our trading platform. 

The
website is important as it is the gateway to our trading platform. It publishes our membership and trading rules, trading information
disclosure, and artwork introduction, and provides services to Traders, such as account management. Traders may open, close and
manage their accounts with us on our website. Client-end terminal may be downloaded from our website. Through the terminal, Traders
may access their account with us and conduct transactions in artwork units, such as purchasing and selling and submitting inquiries.
Data transmission between the Traders and our trading system is encrypted to prevent data leaks. 

Our
trading platform is currently linked to China Merchants Bank, Hong Kong Branch ( CMB ). Traders are required to open
an account with CMB and their accounts are linked to our trading and settlement system to ensure the timely settlement of their
trades. For RMB settlements in China, the Traders transfer money into our designated client-money bank account at Bank of
China. The Traders will then upload the deposit slip or money transfer evidence to our back-end Trading platform. Upon review
of the money transfer evidence and confirmation of the receipt of money, the Traders  accounts on our trading system will
be updated accordingly. If they would like to withdraw money from their trading account, the Traders will put in a request on
our trading platform. After confirming the Traders  accounts have sufficient money for withdrawal, we will transfer the
money from the client-money bank account to the Traders  individual bank account. 

In
order to execute a trade, a Trader logs into his online bank account and must first transfer funds from his bank account to his
trading account with us. This ensures that he has sufficient funds to consummate a trade. 

Offering
and trading of artwork on our platform involves a number of parties, namely,  Original Owner ,  Offering Agent 
, and   Traders  . 

An
                                         Original Owner is the original owner of the artwork to be offered and traded on our platform.
                                         Customarily, the Original Owner is also the artist or creator of the artwork although
                                         this is not always the case. The Original Owner must have good and marketable title to
                                         the artwork and have the right to dispose of the artwork.  

An
                                         Offering Agent is an entity that is experienced with artwork or artwork investment and
                                         has a good reputation. The Offering Agent is engaged by the Original Owner to assist
                                         him or her with the offering and trading of artwork, such as preparation of listing application
                                         and assigning an investment value, research, organizing promotions and marketing activities,
                                         communicating with potential investors, etc.  

A
                                         Trader is anyone who is 18 years or older or any entity that maintains a trading account
                                         with us through our electronic trading platform and participates in the trading of artwork
                                         units. Once a Trader acquires one or more units of an artwork, the Trader becomes a Co-Owner
                                         of that artwork. Presently, only residents of the People s Republic of China, Malaysia
                                         and Singapore are eligible to become a Trader.  

Additional parties
such as insurer, appraisal firm, trader service organizations and custodian for artworks will be retained in connection with the
offering and trading of artwork on our system. A trader service organization is an independent legal entity pre-approved by us
to provide business consulting services to our Traders. 

Our trading system
hardware platform is hosted in Macau, our clearing system hardware platform is hosted in Hong Kong and our disaster recovery system
is set up in the CITIC Telecom IDC room, located in Hong Kong. The real-time data synchronization ensures the safety of transaction
data. 

Through our newly-formed
subsidiary, Shanghai Takung, we are able to receive deposits from and make payments to online artwork Traders in mainland China
on behalf of Hong Kong Takung. Tianjin Takung provides technology development services to Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung,
and also carries out marketing and promotion activities in mainland China. 

Revenue   

We generate revenue
from our services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system. Our revenue mainly falls into three broad
categories: (i) listing fees, (ii) trading commissions, and (iii) management fees. To a much smaller extent, we have two additional
sources of revenue, which we began earning only in 2015. We charge an annual fee for providing Traders and Offering Agents with
premium services, including more in-depth information and tools, on the trading platform. This revenue is recognized ratably over
the service agreement period. We also began earning authorized agent subscription revenue which is an annual service fee paid
by authorized agents to grant them the right to bring their network of artwork owners to list their artwork on our trading platform.
This revenue is recognized ratably over the annual agreement period. 

Offering   

Artwork that is eligible
for offering and trading on our platform includes calligraphy, paintings, sculptures, crafts, jade, jewelry, metal ware, ceramics,
and antique furniture. The common denominator of our listed paintings is that they are from renowned living artists and are valuable. 

For example, the 49
sets of artwork listed for trade on our platform through December 31, 2015 have been nine sets of paintings and calligraphies
from famous Chinese artists ranging in listing value from $387,062 (HK$3,000,000) to $1,548,247 (HK$12,000,000, four pieces of
jewelry ranging in listing value from $335,454 (HK$2,600,000) to $516,082 (HK$4,000,000), twenty-five pieces of precious stones
ranging in listing value from $12,902 (HK$100,000) to $645,103 (HK$5,000,000), and eleven pieces of amber ranging in listing value
from $154,825 (HK$1,200,000) to $903,144 (HK$7,000,000). Nine precious stones ranging in listing value from $12,902 (HK$100,000)
to $129,021 (HK$1,000,000) and one piece of amber with a listing value of 516,082 (HK$4,000,000) were listed in January 2016. 

Traditionally, artwork is sold and transacted
by the creator/owner of it through galleries, stores and agents. 

Similarly, an artwork
is presented to us for listing by the owner/artist (Original Owner) together with an agent (Offering Agent). Both the Original
Owner and the Offering Agent would have discussed and proposed a price for the artwork in their listing application to us. An
Offering Agent assists the Original Owner with the listing process, such as getting the artwork appraised by a third party professional,
assigning an initial value for each trading unit at listing, performing research and preparing the marketing material and promotional
activities to attract Traders  interest. There may be circumstances in the future that the Original Owner will approach
us for the listing, in which case, we will recommend an Offering Agent to assist the Original Owner with the listing process.
However, we consider this to be a rare case. For the 49 pieces of artwork that we have listed through December 31, 2015, the listing
processes were all initiated by Offering Agents. 

On receipt of the
application, we will assess and consider the merits of listing the artwork on our platform. Some of the factors we will consider
are the appeal of the proposed artwork, the artist, the marketability of the artwork and the likelihood of its appreciation in
the future. 

Assuming that an artwork
is accepted for listing, it will be divided into equal ownership units based on its appraised value. For example, a painting with
a listing value of $1,548,247 (HK$12,000,000) may be divided into 12,000,000 units with each unit sold at $0.13 (HK$1). Traders
would then be able to bid for and trade these units on our platform. 

Qualification for Offering   

We do not have quantified
standards for artwork that is eligible for offering and trading on our platform. However, we will generally require the artwork
to meet the following qualifications: 

Clearly-established
                                         ownership  

Having
                                         certain economic and artistic value  

Having
                                         an appraisal report from professional appraisers  

We do not evaluate
or appraise artwork but we rely on expert opinions from third parties on the value of the artwork. 

Offering Process   

To list an eligible
artwork on our platform, the Original Owner and/or his/her Offering Agent must submit a listing application to us together with
an investment value research report on the artwork and an offering statement. The investment value research report analyses all
the factors that would affect the investment value of the artwork. The artwork should be appraised by a qualified appraisal firm
appointed by the Original Owner and/or the Offering Agent. 

Generally, an offering
statement includes the following information: 

Introduction
                                         of the artwork, including name, author, date of creation  

Material
                                         facts on the offering, including type of artwork, total offering price, offering method,
                                         identity of Offering Agent, the number of artwork units offered, offering number, unit
                                         offering price, term of the offering, subscription period, minimum subscription amount,
                                         etc.  

Offering
                                         details including subscription procedure, registration, etc.  

Parties
                                         involved in the offering, including Offering Agent, appraisal firm, insurer, custodian  

Appendices
                                         generally include related material documents such as appraisal report  

Prior to the sale
to the public, the Original Owner may reserve a certain percentage of the artwork units and the Offering Agent may subscribe for
a certain percentage of artwork units, generally up to 20%. These artwork units held by the Original Owner and the Offering Agent
may not be traded until 180 days after the date when the artwork is listed. 

The offering of ownership
units in artwork will be considered successful if the units subscribed reach a prescribed percentage ( Offering Percentage )
of the total units offered. The Offering Percentage is determined by the Original Owner, the Offering Agent, if one is engaged,
and us and is set forth in our Offering Agreement with them. The Offering Percentage for our existing listed artwork is 80%. If
an Offering Agent is engaged, the total number of subscribed units by Traders and reserved units by the Original Owner should
equal or exceed the Offering Percentage; otherwise, the offering is unsuccessful. If no Offering Agent is involved, the total
subscribed units should exceed the Offering Percentage; otherwise, the offering is unsuccessful. In the event of an unsuccessful
offering, the offer for subscriptions of the artwork units by Traders is voided. 

If the total subscribed
units exceed the Offering Percentage but are less than the total offered amount, then the Offering Agent is obliged to purchase
the remaining units on the same offering terms or if no Offering Agent is engaged, the Original Owner shall retain the remaining
units. In the former, the Offering Agent is required to link its bank account at CMB with its trading account with us to ensure
that it has sufficient funds to purchase any remaining unsold units. The Original Owner and/or the Offering Agent shall pay us
a one-time offering fee and a listing deposit. The offering fee is determined based on many factors, such as the type of artwork
and the offering size. We generally charge approximately 22.5-47% of the total offering price for calligraphies, paintings, jewelry,
ambers and precious stones, which are the major types of artwork listed and traded on our system as of December 31, 2015. The
listing fee is earned when the units for the artwork are successfully subscribed for and trades on our platform. 

The offering deposit
is generally 20% of the total offering price and may vary based on the type of artwork, offering price and other factors. The
offering deposit is paid by the Offering Agent through the linked accounts as described above and will be refunded if all offered
artwork units are sold. In the event that the total number of units sold exceeds the Offering Percentage but does not reach all
of the units offered, the offering deposit will be used to purchase the remaining artwork units that have not been subscribed
by Traders. 

Upon receipt of all
required offering documents, we will review the offering application and decide on a case by case basis, if the artwork should
be listed and traded on our platform. Our management team, with the assistance of art consultants (who are appointed by the Offering
Agent), conducts a procedural review of the offering application and related documents. We will approve the artwork for offering
and trading as long as all listing requirements are met. 

As of February 17,
2016, there were 59 pieces of artworks, including nine sets of paintings and calligraphies, four pieces of jewelry, and 34 pieces
of precious stones and 12 pieces of amber successfully listed and trading on our system. The first set of paintings and calligraphies
was listed in 2013, two sets were listed during the six months ended June 30, 2014, the fourth set was listed during the third
quarter of 2014, two sets were listed during the fourth quarter of 2014 and the last three sets were listed during the fourth
quarter of 2015. Besides paintings and calligraphies, four pieces of jewelry were listed on the platform on January 16, 2015 and
five precious stones during the second quarter of 2015 and seven precious stones and three pieces of amber during the third quarter
of 2015. Thirteen precious stones and eight pieces of amber were listed during the fourth quarter of 2015. Nine precious stones
and one piece of amber were listed in January 2016. 

The Original Owner
and the Offering Agent are required to disclose timely all material information regarding the artwork. The disclosure must be
true, accurate, complete and not misleading. The Original Owner and the Offering Agent are responsible for their conduct in connection
with the offering of the artwork. We also monitor and regulate their conduct. For more information, please refer to our disclosure
under  Regulation of Market Participants.  

Subscription Process   

Once the offering
is approved, the Offering Agent will fund its trading account with the listing deposit and we then register the artwork units
in our system. The Traders may log into their trading account to bid for the artwork units. If the artwork units are over-subscribed,
we will conduct a lottery to determine which subscriptions will be accepted. 

A Trader may receive
a lower allocation than the number of units that he or she has applied for. Traders may also be allotted with more or fewer units
than others who have applied for the same number of units. It is also possible that Traders are not allotted any units at all.
The more units that a Trader applies for, the more likely a Trader is allotted with units. In order to subscribe for units, Traders
need to set aside money in their brokerage accounts with us, which is  frozen  during the subscription period. After
the announcement of the allotment, the money  frozen  will be released to us in a successful Offering or back to the
Traders  accounts in an unsuccessful one. The funds from successful subscriptions will be disbursed to the Original Owner
in accordance with the payment schedule provided in our Offering Agreement with him or her. 

Pre-Listing Premium Pricing   

In addition to charging
a percentage of the total listing amount as listing fee, an additional listing revenue may be generated by the Pre-Listing Premium
processed by the Offering Agent. 

In certain circumstances,
if the Offering Agent believes that there are Traders who are willing to pay a premium to be able to purchase the units without
entering the balloting process so they can be certain about purchasing the units, the Offering Agent can negotiate with the Original
Owner and us to  lock-in  and purchase the units outright on the listing date at a premium. These units will not be
entered into the balloting process. The Listing Agreement (between the Owner, Agent and us) would specify the maximum number of
units that can be locked in by the Offering Agent. The premium, which is in addition to the total listing amount, is recognized
as listing income. 

Insurance and Storage of Artwork   

We require insurance
coverage for artwork offered and traded on our platform. The insurance policy has an insured value equal to the total offering
price of the artwork and covers the entire trading period. 

The listed artwork
is also required to be stored at qualified facilities. The storage companies we select are experienced with artwork storage and
transportation. Specifically, the storage facility should meet the following requirements: 

Has
                                         warehouses with constant temperature and humidity in different locations;  

Has
                                         24 hour video surveillance and infrared burglar alarm system;  

Has
                                         professional artwork transportation equipment; and  

Has
                                         security personnel.  

Once a Trader purchases
certain artwork units, he will become a Co-Owner of this artwork and must abide by a Co-Owner Agreement, which, among other things,
authorizes us to select and change, on behalf of the Co-Owners, the Storage Company and insurer for the artwork. 

We pay the fees for
the insurance and the storage out of the management fees paid to us by the Traders. Our management fee is calculated at $0.0013
(HK$0.01) per 100 artwork units per day. The management fee is accounted for as revenue, and immediately deducted from the proceeds
from the sales of artwork units when a transaction is completed. 

In the event of a
loss, we will receive the insurance monies from the insurer as beneficiary under the relevant insurance policy and then disburse
them to all Co-Owners in accordance with the Co-Owner Agreement. 

Trading   

Our market is open
for trading from Monday through Friday. Traders may only purchase or sell artwork units during business hours. They may nevertheless
log into their account and view the account information, such as the balance of funds, type and number of artwork units held during
non-business hours. 

Traders purchase and
sell artwork units listed on our system through a client-end terminal   trading software. The software is available for
download from our website http://eng.takungae.com/ and every Trader may commence trading in artwork units once he opens
a trading account with us and has funded this account as described above. Each Trader is required to sign a Trading Agreement
and abide by a Co-Owner Agreement. The aggregate number of units allowed to be traded per day by a Trader shall not exceed 5%
of the total offered artwork units. 

We charge trading
commissions for purchase and sale of artwork units. The commission is typically 0.3% of the total amount of each transaction but
as a promotion, we currently charge a reduced fee of 0.2% of the transaction value on both the purchase and sale sides resulting
in an aggregate commission rate of 0.4%. 

We also charge Traders
management fees covering the insurance, storage, and transportation for an artwork and trading management of artwork units, which
are calculated at $0.0013 (HK$0.01) per 100 artwork units per day. The management fee is deducted from proceeds from the sale
of artwork units. 

Currently, our Traders
are all from Mainland China. We plan to market our platform to other Chinese speaking countries and regions, such as Malaysia
and Singapore. 

Trading Halt   

We may halt the trading
of a listed artwork upon occurrence of the following conditions: 

Occurrence
                                         of irregular trading activities;  

10%
                                         or more of a listed artwork is involved in legal proceeding and has been frozen by relevant
                                         authorities;  

Release
                                         of information in public media that may materially affect or have affected the trading
                                         price of the artwork;  

The
                                         artwork is the subject of a legal proceeding regarding ownership;  

Upon
                                         application by all the Co-Owners to change the terms of Co-Owner Agreement or arrangements
                                         regarding transportation, storage, insurance or exhibition of the artwork;  

The
                                         artwork is involved in illegal transactions; and  

Other
                                         circumstances that would make the listing unfit in our discretion.  

Delisting   

Each offering statement
will stipulate the term in which an artwork trades on our platform. An artwork may be delisted from our platform through voluntary
withdrawal or successful sale of the artwork via auction at the end of the term. 

Upon application of
all the Co-Owners, an artwork may also be delisted from our system. The Co-Owners should submit a delisting application, upon
receipt of which we will suspend the trading of the artwork units. If the application is approved, the artwork will be delisted
from our platform; otherwise, it will resume trading. Once delisted, the artwork will be returned to the designee of all Co-Owners
or the sole owner. 

Upon expiration of
the trading term as set forth in the offering statement, the trading of the artwork units will be suspended and the artwork will
enter into an auction process. The offering price shall be the reserve price for the artwork. Once it is successfully sold through
auction, the artwork will be delisted from our system. If the auction is not successful, the artwork units will resume trading
for a term to be determined at the time its trading is resumed. 

An artwork may also
be delisted due to the following reasons: 

The
                                         artwork was lost in a theft or robbery;  

The
                                         artwork was irreparably damaged;  

The
                                         artwork was adjudicated to be owned by a person other than the Original Owner; and  

Other
                                         circumstances which we deem would render the listing unfit.  

A delisting report
will be issued by us upon delisting of an artwork, which report will state the name of the delisted artwork, the delisting date,
the delisting decision, related matters following the delisting, etc. 

Registration and Settlement   

Our trading platform s
settlement system reconciles all trades and payments on a daily basis. 

The registration and
settlement of the trading of artwork units is currently supervised and managed by our registration and settlement department.
This department is responsible for trading account setup and management, registration of artwork units, including initial registration,
transfer registration and delisting registration and providing information, consultation or training relating to the registration
and settlement of artwork units. 

Regulation of Market Participants   

The Original Owner
and the Offering Agent are required to comply with our rules in connection with the offering of artwork. If we discover any violation,
we will request them to take corrective actions. If the Offering Agent engages in fraudulent activities, such as putting out false
or misleading advertisement or disclosure on the artwork, it may be barred from participating in any offering for up to two years,
in addition to any legal liabilities. 

We monitor and regulate
the conducts of Traders on a daily basis through our real time monitoring system. If there are irregular trading activities that
may affect the trading price and volume of artwork units, we will seek clarification from the Trader(s) by sending inquiries and
notices, and conducting interviews, etc. If there is any violation of our trading rules, we may take the following actions: 

issue
                                         oral or written warnings;  

request
                                         the Trader to submit written commitment;  

issue
                                         a reprimand;  

impose
                                         a fine;  

suspend
                                         or limit trading activities; and  

revoke
                                         the qualifications of the Trader.  

Sales and Marketing   

We are currently marketing
our electronic trading platform through participation in culture and art exhibitions and internet advertising. Additionally, we
encourage existing Traders to introduce new Traders. For fiscal year 2015, we paid commissions to existing Traders who have successfully
introduced new Traders at the following rates: 

Number of   
      Referees   
       
       Accumulated Total Gross Trade    
      Amount   
      (in HKD)   
       
       Rebate Ratio    
 
        1 person  
       
        $0  
       
      5% of Referee s commission   
 
        3 person  
       
        $3 million  
       
      20% of Referee s commission   
 
        6 person  
       
        $6 million  
       
      40% of Referee s commission   
 
        10 person  
       
        $10 million  
       
      50% of Referee s commission   

Effective January
1, 2016 through December 31, 2016, commissions to existing Traders are as follows: 

Number of   
      Referees   
       
       Accumulated Total Gross Trade    
      Amount   
      (in HKD)   
       
       Rebate Ratio    
 
        10  persons  
       
        $0  
       
      15% of Referee s commission   

We have also instituted
a trader service organization service program. Trader service organizations are separate, independent entities that provide business
consultation services to some of our Traders such as providing training on the trading rules of our platform. Under the trader
service organization service program, we will pay the relevant trader service organization up to 60% of all trading commissions
generated from new Traders referred to us from Traders serviced by such trader service organization ( Service Fee ).
The exact terms with each trader service organization which participates in this program vary on a case by case basis although
in every case, the Service Fee is contingent on the ongoing business consultation relationship between the trader service organization
and the Trader. In other words, if the business consultation relationship is terminated between a Trader and its trader service
organization, that trader service organization will no longer earn a Service Fee from trading commissions generated from new Traders
introduced by that Trader. 

Additionally, a trader
service organization may refer other trader service organizations to us. The referring trader service organization will be paid
10% of the Service Fee payable to the new trader service organization. 

We entered into four
other sales and marketing related agreements with ( Qianrong ) in 2014, namely (1) Trader Promotion Services Agreement;
(2) Internet and SMS Marketing Services Agreement; (3) Promotion Materials Services Agreement; and (4) PRC Print Media Promotion
Services Agreement. 

We also entered into
three other sales and marketing related agreements with Qianrong in 2015, namely (1) Trader Promotion Services Agreement; (2)
Internet and SMS Marketing Services Agreement; (3) Online Marketing Service Agreement. 

We utilize Baidu Listing
Search and Key Word Search services for search engine optimization in order to promote our website and platform. 

Recently, we introduced
a discount program to our VIP Traders. When their trading volumes of the certain artworks reach an agreed level of each month,
a contractually determined flat rate of trading commission is applied to the transactions of these certain artworks. Any trading
commission charges incurred by the VIP Traders over the flat rate will be waived. The discounted rate varies between the selected
artworks. 

Besides this, we also
instituted separate discount programs to buyers by waiving their trading commissions and management fees during certain promotion
periods. The rebates and discounts are recognized as a reduction of revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized. 

Customers   

Our customers are
the Traders, Original Owners and Offering Agents. Because we have listed only 59 sets of artworks as of February 17, 2016 (comprising
nine sets of paintings and calligraphies, four pieces of jewelry, twelve pieces of amber, thirty-four pieces of precious stoneand
twelve pieces of amber) so far and we are constantly marketing and increasing our customer base, it is difficult to ascertain
if the loss of a single customer, or a few customers would have a material adverse effect on us. Suffice it to say, no one customer
constitutes in the aggregate 10% or more of our consolidated revenue. 

Seasonality   

Because we have only
been in operation for approximately two years, it is difficult to ascertain if there is a seasonality to our business, although
we are inclined to believe, given the nature of our business that it is not cyclical. 

Employees   

As of February 17,
2016, we had 32 full-time employees, including seventeen employees who are based in the People s Republic of China, and
fifteen employees who are based in Hong Kong. Di Xiao is Hong Kong Takung s General Manager (apart from being our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) as well as the director. As for the other thirty-one employees, six are from Marketing
department, eleven are from the IT department, four are from the Transaction Management department, four are from the Administrative
and Customer Service department, one is from the Clearing and Settlement Department, one is from the Legal department and four
are from the Accounting department. We have hired a single general manager for both Shanghai Takung and Tianjin Takung. 

There are no collective
bargaining contracts covering any of our employees. We believe our relationship with our employees is satisfactory. 

Regulation   

As a business operating
in Hong Kong, we are subject to various regulations and rules promulgated by the Hong Kong government. The following is a brief
summary of the Hong Kong laws and regulations that currently materially affect our business. This section does not purport to
be a comprehensive summary of all present and proposed regulations and legislation relating to the industries in which we operate. 

Securities   Futures  

The securities and
futures markets in Hong Kong are currently governed by the Securities   Futures Ordinance ( SFO ). The SFO consolidates
and authorized the 10 previous ordinances regulating the securities and futures markets. The primary legislation and the subsidiary
legislation commenced operation on April 1, 2003. By law, any person carrying on, among others, a business of dealing in securities
in Hong Kong, has to be licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) unless falling within one of the
licensing exemptions. 

The term  securities 
under the SFO is defined as: 

(a)    shares,
                                         stocks, debentures, loan stocks, funds, bonds or notes of, or issued by, or which it
                                         is reasonably foreseeable will be issued by, a body, whether incorporated or unincorporated,
                                         or a government or municipal government authority;  

(b)    rights,
                                         options or interests (whether described as units or otherwise) in, or in respect of,
                                         such shares, stocks, debentures, loan stocks, funds, bonds or notes;  

(c)    certificates
                                         of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for,
                                         or warrants to subscribe for or purchase, such shares, stocks, debentures, loan stocks,
                                         funds, bonds or notes;  

(d)    interests,
                                         rights or property, whether in the form of an instrument or otherwise, commonly known
                                         as securities;  

(e)    interests,
                                         rights or property, whether in the form of an instrument or otherwise, prescribed by
                                         notice under section 392 as being regarded as securities in accordance with the terms
                                         of the notice.  

Our business model
does not qualify as dealing in securities, as such term is defined in the SFO and as such, we are not required to obtain the requisite
license from the SFC. 

Sale of Goods  

In the event an artwork
is  delisted  from our platform, we would arrange to sell the artwork on behalf of all owners of the artwork and then
distribute the proceeds of sale to them. We will be considered a  Commercial Agent  under the Hong Kong Factors Ordinance
and a  Seller  under the Hong Kong Sales of Goods Ordinance. 

The Sale of Goods
Ordinance ( SGO ) provides that goods for sale must be: 

Of
                                         merchantable (satisfactory) quality. Goods must meet the standard that a reasonable person
                                         would regard as satisfactory, taking account of any description of the goods, the price
                                         and all other relevant circumstances. The quality of goods includes their appearance
                                         and finish, their safety and their durability. Goods must be free from defects, even
                                         minor ones, except where these defects have been brought to your attention by the seller
                                         (section 16 of SGO);  

Fit
                                         for their purposes (section 16 of SGO);  

As
                                         described on the package or a display sign, or by the seller (section 15 of SGO); and  

Correspond
                                         with the sample (section 17 of SGO).  

If sellers fail to
meet any one of the above conditions, they are in breach of contract. Under these circumstances, consumers are entitled to reject
the goods and demand a full refund. We are accordingly bound by these implied warranties of sale in the event that we sell any
artwork previously listed on our platform. 

Supply of Services  

We provide a platform
to trade in artwork units for which we are compensated by receiving listing fees, management fees and trading commissions. The
Hong Kong Supply of Services (Implied Terms) Ordinance ( SSO ), provides that in the absence of provisions in the
contract for services, services should be carried out with reasonable care and skill (which generally means the services must
meet the standard that a reasonable person would regard as satisfactory) ( section 5 of the SSO), the services should be performed
within a reasonable time if the time of performance has not been fixed by the contract (section 6 of the SSO); and a reasonable
charge should be paid if the charge has not been fixed by the contract (section 7 of the SSO). 

If service suppliers
fail to meet any one of the above conditions, they would be  in breach of contract . Under these circumstances, consumers
are entitled to sue defaulting suppliers for compensation. 

Section 8(1) of the
SSO provides that as against a party to a contract for the supply of a service who deals as a consumer, the other party (the service
supplier) cannot, by reference to any contract term, exclude or restrict any liability of his arising under the contract by virtue
of this Ordinance. In other words, we cannot impose a contract term that excludes or restricts our liability on breach of contract. 

In addition, the Hong
Kong Control of Exemption Clauses Ordinance subject any attempt by us to exclude our liability for financial loss or damage to
property during the course of the provision of our services to the test of  reasonableness . Our exemption clauses
are also controlled by the rules of common law. For example, an exemption clause must be incorporated into the contract, and the
person who is seeking to rely on the exemption clause must show that reasonable steps have been taken to bring the clause to the
attention of the other party. 

The Hong Kong Unconscionable
Contracts Ordinance only applies to a contract for the sale of goods or supply of services in which one of the contracting parties
is dealing as a consumer. If the Court finds out that the contract or any part thereof was unconscionable (unfair/not sensible)
in circumstances relating to the contract at the time when it was made, the Court would have the jurisdiction under section 5
of the Unconscionable Contracts Ordinance to refuse to enforce the contract, or to enforce the remainder of the contract without
the unconscionable part, or to limit the application of, or to revise or alter, any unconscionable part so as to avoid any unconscionable
result. 

Fair Trading  

The Trade Descriptions
(Unfair Trade Practices) (Amendment) Ordinance 2012 ( Amendment Ordinance ) came into effect on July 19, 2013 and
amended the Trade Descriptions Ordinance by prohibiting specified unfair trade practices that may be deployed against customers
and strengthen the enforcement mechanism. The Customs and Excise Department is the principal enforcement agency under the Trade
Descriptions Ordinance. Concurrent jurisdiction is conferred on the Office of the Communications Authority ( HKCA )
to enforce the new fair trading sections. The key amendments include: 

the expansion of
    the definition of trade descriptions in relation to goods, as well as the extension of the scope to cover services;   

the creation of
    new criminal offences on unfair trade practices, namely misleading omissions, aggressive commercial practices, bait advertising,
    bait-and-switch and wrongly accepting payment;   

the introduction
    of a compliance-based mechanism under which civil enforcement options, namely the acceptance of undertaking from Traders and
    the seeking of injunction from the court where necessary, can be drawn on to promote compliance with the new fair trading
    sections introduced by the Amendment Ordinance; and   

the creation of
    a new private right of action for damages to facilitate consumer redress.   

On July 15, 2013,
the Customs and Excise Department and the HKCA published the Enforcement Guidelines for the Amendment Ordinance to state the manner
in which they will exercise their enforcement powers and provide guidance on the operation of the new legislative provisions. 

Intellectual
Property  

Our business is dependent
on a combination of trademarks, trademark application, trade secrets and industry know-how, and copyright, in order to protect
our intellectual property rights. We have submitted trademark applications for  Takung  in Hong Kong, Mainland China,
Macau and the United States. 

In China, the Trademark
Law and the Unfair Competition Law governs our marks. The Hong Kong SAR s trade mark registration system is separate from
the system operating in other parts of China. Trade mark registrations obtained in Chinese Trade Marks Office, or elsewhere in
the world, do not automatically get protection in the Hong Kong SAR. Trade marks must be registered in the Hong Kong SAR before
they can be protected in the Hong Kong SAR under the Trade Marks Ordinance. 

Protection of Personal Data  

We have access to
certain of our Traders , Original Owners  and Offering Agents  personal information as well as information of
Qianrong s network of art traders. The Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) (Amendment) Ordinance 2012 ( Amendment Ordinance )
which changes the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance ( PDPO ) governs our use of such personal information in direct
marketing activities and in acquiring and transferring such personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. 

The Amendment Ordinance
creates a new direct marketing regime (Part VI A of the PDPO) to establish the rights and obligations of parties using personal
information for direct marketing purposes or transferring personal information to a third party for marketing purposes. Under
the new regime, an organization can only use or transfer personal information for direct marketing purposes if that organization
has provided the required information and consent mechanism to the individual concerned, and obtained his or her consent. Under
the Amendment Ordinance it is a criminal offense, punishable by fines and imprisonment, for an organization to fail to comply
with any of these new requirements. 

We are also now required
to have in place procedures to ensure that any personal information transferred to any service provider is not retained for longer
than necessary, and is protected against any unauthorized or accidental access, processing, erasure, loss, or use. 

Employment  

Some of our employees
are employed in Hong Kong and we are subject to the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance ( EO ). The EO is the main employment
legislation in Hong Kong. It guarantees certain minimum benefits, including: 

Paid
                                         annual leave.  

Paid
                                         sick leave.  

Paid
                                         maternity leave.  

Subject to limited
exceptions, the EO applies to all employees working in Hong Kong, regardless of their nationality. Observing the terms of the
EO is generally considered to be mandatory, although it is not specifically expressed to be an overriding statute. 

Other mandatory laws
that are likely to apply to the employment relationship with our employees include: 

Personal
    Data (Privacy) Ordinance (PDPO). This ordinance regulates an employer's collection or surveillance, use and disclosure of
    an employee's personal data (including personal data contained in e-mails and phone calls).   

Mandatory Provident
    Fund Schemes Ordinance (MPFSO). Subject to very limited exceptions, this ordinance requires employers in Hong Kong to enroll
    employees in a Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) Scheme (that is, a retirement scheme), to which the employer and employee must
    make certain contributions. Foreign nationals are exempt if they are posted in Hong Kong to work for a period not exceeding
    13 months or belong to a retirement scheme outside of Hong Kong. In certain cases, a Hong Kong national working outside of
    Hong Kong may still be subject to this ordinance if the employment has sufficient connection with Hong Kong.   

Occupational Safety
    and Health Ordinance (OSHO). This ordinance imposes a duty on all employers, as far as is reasonably practical, to ensure
    the safety and health in the workplace of its employees. The OSHO covers most industrial and non-industrial workplaces in
    Hong Kong.   

Employees' Compensation
    Ordinance (ECO). If an employee suffers injury arising out of and in the course of employment in Hong Kong (or overseas, if
    the travel is authorized by the employer), the employer is usually liable to compensate the employee under the ECO. Eligible
    family members of an employee killed in an accident at work can also be entitled to compensation. If an employer carries on
    business in Hong Kong, its employees are protected under the ordinance. (An employee can work outside Hong Kong but his employment
    contract must have been entered into in Hong Kong.) All employers must maintain valid employees ' compensation insurance
    policies to cover their liabilities under the ordinance and at common law.   

Companies Ordinance.
    Protects employees of a Hong Kong company (including a Hong Kong subsidiary of a foreign company) in relation to wages and
    other entitlements if the company is wound up. The employees become preferential creditors in the winding-up.   

Sex Discrimination
    Ordinance (SDO), Disability Discrimination Ordinance (DDO), Family Status Discrimination Ordinance (FSDO) and Race Discrimination
    Ordinance (RDO). All legislate against various forms of discrimination.   

Basic Law and the
    Hong Kong Bill of Rights Ordinance. These safeguard certain rights of individuals, although they have limited application
    in the context of employment law.   

Labour Tribunal
    Ordinance. This ordinance empowers the Labour Tribunal to hear and resolve disputes relating to employment contracts as well
    as alleged breaches of the EO. It potentially covers disputes involving foreign nationals or Hong Kong residents working abroad.   

Prevention of Bribery
    Ordinance (POBO). The POBO applies to employees, particularly to those who receive or solicit bribes from third parties (for
    example, an employee who receives bribes from a supplier of goods in return for placing orders with that supplier). In some
    cases, employees may also be subject to anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions.   

PRC Regulations   

Regulations
on Foreign Investment  

Investment
activities in the PRC by foreign investors are principally governed by the Guidance Catalog of Industries for Foreign Investment,
or the Catalog, which was promulgated and is amended from time to time by the Ministry of Commerce and the National Development
and Reform Commission. Industries listed in the Catalogue are divided into three categories: encouraged, restricted and prohibited.
Industries not listed in the Catalogue are generally deemed as constituting a fourth  permitted  category. Establishment
of wholly foreign-owned enterprises is generally allowed in the encouraged and permitted industries. Some restricted industries
are limited to equity or contractual joint ventures, while in some cases Chinese partners are required to hold the majority interests
in such joint ventures. In addition, restricted category projects are subject to higher-level government approvals. Foreign investors
are not allowed to invest in industries in the prohibited category. Industries not listed in the Catalogue are generally open
to foreign investment unless specifically restricted by other PRC regulations. We conduct business operations that are restricted
to foreign investment through our PRC consolidated affiliated entities. 

Currently,
the business scope of our wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC, Shanghai Takung, mainly includes the business of wholesale, import
and export of arts and crafts and related services, which are in the encouraged category. Under the PRC laws, the establishment
of a wholly foreign owned enterprise is subject to the approval of the Ministry of Commerce or its local counterparts and the
wholly foreign owned enterprise must register with the competent industry and commerce authority. We have duly obtained the approvals
from the competent commerce authority for our interest in Shanghai Takung and completed the registration of Shanghai Takung with
the competent industry and commerce authority. 

Regulations
Relating to Taxation  

In
January 2008, the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law took effect. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law applies a uniform 25% enterprise
income tax rate to both foreign-invested enterprises and domestic enterprises, unless where tax incentives are granted to special
industries and projects. Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation regulations, dividends generated from
the business of a PRC subsidiary after January 1, 2008 and payable to its foreign investor may be subject to a withholding
tax rate of 10% if the PRC tax authorities determine that the foreign investor is a non-resident enterprise, unless there is a
tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential withholding tax rate. Distributions of earnings generated before January 1,
2008 are exempt from PRC withholding tax. Our PRC subsidiary is subject to PRC enterprise income tax at the statutory rate of
25% on its PRC taxable income. 

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, an enterprise established outside China with  de facto management bodies  within
China is considered a  resident enterprise  for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and is generally subject to a uniform
25% enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. A circular issued by the State Administration of Taxation in April 2009
regarding the standards used to classify certain Chinese-invested enterprises controlled by Chinese enterprises or Chinese enterprise
groups and established outside of China as  resident enterprises  clarified that dividends and other income paid by
such PRC  resident enterprises  will be considered PRC-source income and subject to PRC withholding tax, currently
at a rate of 10%, when paid to non-PRC enterprise shareholders. This circular also subjects such PRC  resident enterprises 
to various reporting requirements with the PRC tax authorities. 

Under
the implementation regulations to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, a  de facto management body  is defined as a
body that has material and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations, personnel and human
resources, finances and properties of an enterprise. In addition, the tax circular mentioned above specifies that certain PRC-invested
overseas enterprises controlled by a Chinese enterprise or a Chinese enterprise group in the PRC will be classified as PRC resident
enterprises if the following are located or resident in the PRC: senior management personnel and departments that are responsible
for daily production, operation and management; financial and personnel decision making bodies; key properties, accounting books,
the company seal, and minutes of board meetings and shareholders  meetings; and half or more of the senior management or
directors having voting rights. 

Please see  Risk
Factors We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we
may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income.  

Regulations
Relating to Labor  

We
are subject to laws and regulations governing our relationship with our PRC employees, including wage and hour requirements, working
and safety conditions, and social insurance, housing funds and other welfare. The compliance with these laws and regulations may
require substantial resources. 

Pursuant
to the PRC Labor Law effective in 1995 and the PRC Labor Contract Law effective in 2008 and amended in 2012, a written labor contract
is required when an employment relationship is established between an employer and an employee. Other labor-related regulations
and rules of China stipulate the maximum number of working hours per day and per week as well as the minimum wages. An employer
is required to set up occupational safety and sanitation systems, implement the national occupational safety and sanitation rules
and standards, educate employees on occupational safety and sanitation, prevent accidents at work and reduce occupational hazards. 

An
employer is obligated to sign an indefinite term labor contract with an employee if the employer continues to employ the employee
after two consecutive fixed-term labor contracts, with certain exceptions. The employer also has to pay compensation to the employee
if the employer terminates an indefinite term labor contract, with certain exceptions. Except where the employer proposes to renew
a labor contract by maintaining or raising the conditions of the labor contract and the employee is not agreeable to the renewal,
an employer is required to compensate the employee when a definite term labor contract expires. Furthermore, under the Regulations
on Paid Annual Leave for Employees issued by the State Council in December 2007 and effective as of January 2008, an employee
who has served an employer for more than one year and less than ten years is entitled to a 5-day paid vacation, those whose service
period ranges from 10 to 20 years are entitled to a 10-day paid vacation, and those who have served for more than 20 years
are entitled to a 15-day paid vacation. An employee who does not use such vacation time at the request of the employer must be
compensated at three times their normal salaries for each waived vacation day. 

Pursuant
to the Regulations on Occupational Injury Insurance effective in 2004, as amended in 2010, and the Interim Measures concerning
the Maternity Insurance for Enterprise Employees effective in 1995, PRC companies must pay occupational injury insurance premiums
and maternity insurance premiums for their employees. Pursuant to the Interim Regulations on the Collection and Payment of Social
Insurance Premiums effective in 1999 and the Interim Measures concerning the Administration of the Registration of Social Insurance
effective in 1999, basic pension insurance, medical insurance and unemployment insurance are collectively referred to as social
insurance. Both PRC companies and   their employees are required to contribute to the social insurance plans. The aforesaid
measures are reiterated in the Social Insurance Law of China effective in July 2011, which stipulates the system of social insurance
of China, including basic pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, occupational injury insurance and maternity
insurance. Pursuant to the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Fund effective in 1999, as amended in 2002, PRC companies
must register with applicable housing fund management centers and establish a special housing fund account in an entrusted bank.
Both PRC companies and their employees are required to contribute to the housing funds. 

Regulation
on PRC Business Tax and Value-Added Tax  

Prior
to January 1, 2012, pursuant to Provisional Regulation of China on Business Tax and its implementing rules, any entity or
individual rendering services in the territory of PRC is generally subject to a business tax at the rate of 5% on the revenues
generated from provision of such services. 

On
January 1, 2012, the Chinese State Council officially launched a pilot value-added tax ( VAT ) reform program,
or Pilot Program, applicable to businesses in selected industries. Businesses in the Pilot Program would pay VAT instead of business
tax. The Pilot Industries in Shanghai included industries involving the leasing of tangible movable property, transportation services,
research and development and technical services, information technology services, cultural and creative services, logistics and
ancillary services, certification and consulting services. Revenues generated by advertising services, a type of  cultural
and creative services,  are subject to the VAT tax rate of 6%. According to official announcements made by competent authorities
in Beijing and Guangdong province, Beijing launched the same Pilot Program on September 1, 2012, and Guangdong province launched
it on November 1, 2012. On May 24, 2013, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued the
Circular on Tax Policies in the Nationwide Pilot Collection of Value Added Tax in Lieu of Business Tax in the Transportation Industry
and Certain Modern Services Industries, or the Pilot Collection Circular. The scope of certain modern services industries under
the Pilot Collection Circular extends to the inclusion of radio and television services. On August 1, 2013, the Pilot Program
was implemented throughout China. Shanghai Takung is currently subject to a VAT of 5% on its gross revenue. 

Regulations on Dividend Distribution  

The principal regulations
governing dividend distributions of wholly foreign-owned enterprises include the Company Law (2013 Amendment); the Wholly Foreign-Owned
Enterprise Law (2000 Amendment) and the Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise Law Implementing Rules (2001 Amendment). 

Under these regulations,
wholly foreign-owned enterprises in the PRC may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits as determined in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and regulations.  In addition, these wholly foreign-owned enterprises are required to
set aside at least 10% of their respective accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds, until
the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. 

Approvals, Licenses and Certificates   

We require a number
of approvals, licenses and certificates in order to operate our business. Our principal approvals, licenses and certificates are
set forth below. 

Hong Kong Takung  

Shanghai Takung  

Tianjin Takung  

Competition   

Traditionally
art galleries and auction houses provide a platform for owners of artworks to sell their collections. However, their trading model
is substantially different from ours. We believe we do not have any direct competition due to our unique business model of trading
artwork ownership units instead of the artworks. We are not aware of any other companies engaging in a similar business. 

Research
and Development   

We
purchased the trading platform from a third party for approximately $232,261 (HK$1,800,000). The cost of this software is amortized
over its useful life and recorded as cost of revenue on the income statement. We have IT consultants who help maintain
and operate the trading platform software, and whose cost is charged as consultancy fee under general and administrative expenses.
We outsourced research and development activities to Qianrong. We entered into a software development agreement with Qianrong
in 2014 to develop ten trading modules. As of December 31, 2015, eight out of the ten modules have been completed and are operational.
We have started to capitalize (with a total cost of $554,143 (HK$4,295,000)) and amortized these costs once the modules were completed.
All of these additional costs from gradual completion of our platform system modules and addition of equipment contributed to
an increase in our cost of revenue through 2015. In addition, we have also developed one trading module during 2015 for a total
cost of $258,041 (HK$2,000,000), and have capitalized and amortized the cost once the module was completed. 

Intellectual
Property   

Our
business is dependent on a combination of trademarks, trademark application, trade secrets and industry know-how, and copyright,
in order to protect our intellectual property rights. We have submitted trademark applications for  Takung  in Hong
Kong, Mainland China, Macau and the United States. 

Set
forth below is a detailed description of our trademarks under application or registered by our subsidiary HongKong Takung Assets
and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd as of February 17, 2016: 

Set
forth below is a detailed description of our registered domain names. 

We
own our trading system and related software. 

Emerging Growth Company Status   

We
are an  emerging growth company , as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted on April 5, 2012
(the  JOBS Act ). For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding advisory  say-on-pay  and  say-when-on-pay  votes on executive compensation
and stockholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. Under the JOBS Act, we will remain an emerging growth company
until the earliest of: 

the
                                         last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1 billion
                                         or more;  

the
                                         last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first
                                         sale of our Common Stock;  

the
                                         date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion
                                         in non-convertible debt; or  

the
                                         date on which we are deemed to be a  large accelerated filer  under the Securities
                                         Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) (we will qualify as a large accelerated
                                         filer as of the first day of the first fiscal year after we have (i) more than $700 million
                                         in outstanding common equity held by our non-affiliates and (ii) been public for at least
                                         12 months; the value of our outstanding common equity will be measured each year on the
                                         last day of our second fiscal quarter).  

The JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company may utilize the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. However, we are choosing to  opt out  of such
extended transition period, and, as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on
which adoption of such standards is required for companies that are not emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS
Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards
is irrevocable. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

An investment in
our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information
contained in this report before deciding to invest in our common stock.  

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION   

The global economy and the financial
markets may negatively affect our business and clients, as well as the supply of and demand for works of art.   

Our business is affected
by global, national and local economic conditions since the services we provide are discretionary and we depend, to a significant
extent, upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending in Hong Kong and Mainland China. These factors include
economic conditions and perceptions of such conditions by Traders, employment rates, the level of Traders  disposable income,
business conditions, interest rates, availability of credit and levels of taxation in regional and local markets. There can be
no assurance that our services will not be adversely affected by changes in general economic conditions in Hong Kong and globally. 

The art market is
influenced over time by the overall strength and stability of the global economy and the financial markets, although this correlation
may not be immediately evident. In addition, political conditions and world events may affect our business through their effect
on the economies, as well as on the willingness of potential buyers and sellers to invest and sell art in the wake of economic
uncertainty. 

A decline in trading volumes will
decrease our trading revenues.   

Trading volumes are
directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures
or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of artworks and
the overall level of investor confidence. In recent years, trading volumes across our markets have fluctuated depending on market
conditions and other factors beyond our control. Because a significant percentage of our revenues are tied directly to the trading
volumes on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading volumes would lower revenues and may adversely affect our
operating results. Declines in trading volumes may also impact our market share or pricing structures and adversely affect our
business and financial condition. 

System limitations or failures could
harm our business.   

Our businesses depend
on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. If our systems cannot
expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower
response times and delays in the introduction of new services. These consequences could result financial losses and decreased
customer service and satisfaction. If trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to
expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. We do not know whether we will be
able to accurately project the rate, timing or cost of any increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to
accommodate any increases in a timely manner. 

A variety of uncontrollable events
may reduce our ability to provide our trading services, impair our ability to provide our services or increase the cost of providing
our services.   

Our headquarters are
in Hong Kong SAR and our servers are in Hong Kong SAR, Macau and mainland China, which are historically susceptible to adverse
weather conditions such as typhoons, excessive heat or rain, earthquakes and floods. Those natural disasters may result in significant
and extensive damage to our network equipment. Moreover, certain countries and regions, including China, have encountered incidents
of the H5N1 strain of bird flu, or avian flu, as well as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, over the past several years
and, in 2009, the outbreak of influenza A (H1N1). In 2010, an earthquake registering 7.1 on the Richter scale struck Qinghai Province.
In April 2013, another major earthquake registering 7.0 on the Richter scale struck Ya an region of Sichuan Province. In
2013, certain areas of China suffered from severe floods. We are unable to predict the effect, if any, that any other future natural
disasters and health hazards may have on our business. Any future natural disasters and health hazards may, among other things,
significantly disrupt our ability to adequately staff our business, and may generally disrupt our operations. Furthermore, natural
disasters and health hazards may severely restrict the level of economic activities in affected areas, which may in turn materially
adversely affect our business and prospects. As a result, any natural disasters or health hazards in China may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. These events and others, such as fluctuations in energy costs
and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability
to provide our services or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to these events. 

We have insufficient insurance coverage   

We presently do not
have any insurance to cover certain events such as physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain
injuries occurring on our property and liability for breach of legal responsibilities as we believe, based on our organization,
business model and the remote possibility of the incurrence of substantial damages from such events, that the costs of such insurance
greatly exceeds the benefits of having it. However, in the possible event of a significant loss from such an event, this may severely
impact our performance or continue as a going concern. 

The success of our business depends
on our ability to market and advertise the services we provide effectively.   

Our ability to establish
effective marketing campaigns is the key to our success. Our advertisements promote our corporate image and our services. If we
are unable to increase awareness of our brand, the benefits of using our trading platform to invest in artwork and that such investment
is secure, we may not be able to attract new Traders. Our marketing activities may not be successful in promoting our services
or in retaining and increasing our Trader base. We cannot assure you that our marketing programs will be adequate to support our
future growth, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our success is dependent on the
receptiveness of Traders of artwork to our platform.   

We believe the demand
for artwork listings will be generated by our Traders. We hope to educate our Traders on the merits of using our platform to invest
in artwork. Not only in the subject artwork secure and insured, it requires less capital for our Traders to invest as they need
only invest in artwork units and not purchase the entire piece of artwork. We hope that they will see their investment as less
risky as they are presented with the opportunity to diversify their investments through various pieces of artwork. Our success
would accordingly depend on the receptiveness of Traders to the merits of investments on our platform. 

If we are unable to renew the lease
of our property, our operations may be adversely affected.   

We do not directly
own the land over the property we lease. We may lose our leases or may not be able to renew it when it is due on terms that are
reasonable or favorable to us. This may have adverse impact on our operations, including disrupting our operations or increasing
our cost of operations. 

The failure to manage growth effectively
could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency, product quality, working capital levels, and results of operations.   

Any significant growth
in the market for our services or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial, operational,
financial, and other purposes. As of the date of this Annual Report, we had approximately 32 full time employees and 8 consultants.
During any growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls, including quality control
and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand, train and manage our employee base. Continued future
growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify, recruit, maintain, integrate,
and motivate new employees. 

Aside from increased
difficulties in the management of human resources, we may also encounter working capital issues, as we will need increased liquidity
to finance the purchase of supplies, development of new products and services, and the hiring of additional employees. For effective
growth management, we will be required to continue improving our operations, management, and financial systems and controls. Our
failure to manage growth effectively may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on
our profitability. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the
quality standards required by our existing and potential customers. 

If we need additional capital to
fund our growing operations, we may not be able to obtain sufficient capital and may be forced to limit the scope of our operations.   

If adequate additional
financing is not available on reasonable terms, we may not be able to undertake our expansion plan and we would have to modify
our business plans accordingly. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available to us. 

In connection with
our growth strategies, we may experience increased capital needs and accordingly, we may not have sufficient capital to fund our
future operations without additional capital investments. Our capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including (i) our
profitability; (ii) the release of competitive products by our competitors; (iii) the level of our investment in research and
development; and (iv) the amount of our capital expenditures, including acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to obtain capital in the future to meet our needs. 

If we cannot obtain
additional funding, we may be required to: (i) limit our investments in research and development; (ii) limit our marketing efforts;
and (iii) decrease or eliminate capital expenditures. Such reductions could materially adversely affect our business and our ability
to compete. 

Even if we do find
a source of additional capital, we may not be able to negotiate terms and conditions for receiving the additional capital that
are acceptable to us. Any future capital investments could dilute or otherwise materially and adversely affect the holdings or
rights of our existing stockholders. In addition, new equity or convertible debt securities issued by us to obtain financing could
have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our Common Stock. We cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing
will be available to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to us. 

We are dependent on certain key
personnel and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.   

Our success is, to
a certain extent, attributable to the management and operational and technical expertise of certain key personnel. In addition,
we will require an increasing number of experienced and competent executives and other members of senior management to implement
our growth plans. If we lose the services of any member of our senior management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified
replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business
and prospects. 

We are dependent on a trained workforce
and any inability to retain or effectively recruit such employees, particularly distribution personnel and regional retail managers
for our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

We must attract, recruit
and retain a sizeable workforce of qualified and trained staff to operate our business. Our ability to implement effectively our
business strategy and expand our operations will depend upon, among other factors, the successful recruitment and retention of
highly skilled and experienced distribution personnel, regional retail managers and other technical and marketing personnel. There
is significant competition for qualified personnel in our business and we may not be successful in recruiting or retaining sufficient
qualified personnel consistent with our current and future operational needs. 

Our financial results may fluctuate
because of many factors and, as a result, investors should not rely on our historical financial data as indicative of future results.   

Fluctuations in operating
results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors may negatively impact
the market price of our securities. Operating results may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors that could affect
revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline.
Investors should not rely on comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As result of the factors
listed below, it is possible that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts
and investors. This could cause the market price of our securities to decline. Factors that may affect our quarterly results include: 

vulnerability
                                         of our business to a general economic downturn in Hong Kong and mainland China;  

fluctuation
                                         and unpredictability of the prices of the products we sell;  

changes
                                         in the laws of Hong Kong that affect our operations; and  

our
                                         ability to obtain necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our
                                         business.  

During the course of the audit of
our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, we identified three material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting. If we fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability
to accurately and timely report our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP could be materially and adversely affected.
In addition, investor confidence in us and the market price of our equities could decline significantly if we conclude that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective.   

We are subject to
reporting obligations under U.S. securities laws. We have limited accounting personnel and other resources with which to address
our internal control over financial reporting. We in connection with the preparation and external audit of our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2014, identified three material weaknesses, each as defined in the U.S. Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board Standard AU Section 325, Communications about Control Deficiencies in an Audit of Financial Statements,
or AU325, in our internal control over financial reporting. As defined in AU325, a  material weakness  is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control that is less severe than
a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance. 

The material weaknesses
identified are related to (i) lack of accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, (ii) lack of comprehensive accounting policies and procedures manual in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, and (iii) lack of risk assessment process. These identified material weaknesses could affect our ability to accurately
and timely report our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP and to prevent or detect material misstatements of the company's
annual or interim financial statements on a timely basis. 

We have not undertaken
a comprehensive assessment of our internal control for purposes of identifying and reporting material weaknesses and other control
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting as we will be required to do. In light of the number of material
weaknesses and other control deficiencies that were identified as a result of the limited procedures performed, we believe it
is possible that, had we performed a formal assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, additional control deficiencies
may have been identified. 

Following the identification
of these material weaknesses, we have begun taking measures and plan to continue to take measures to remedy these weaknesses and
deficiencies. See  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . However, the implementation of these measures might not fully address these material weaknesses
and other control deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, and we cannot conclude that they have been fully
remedied. Our failure to correct these material weaknesses and other control deficiencies or our failure to discover and address
any other control deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply
with applicable financial reporting requirements and make related regulatory filings on a timely basis. As a result, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our equities, may be materially and
adversely affected. 

Security
breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect confidential
and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as materially and adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations.    

Although we have employed
significant resources to develop our security measures against breaches, our cybersecurity measures may not detect or prevent
all attempts to compromise our systems, including distributed denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins,
phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security
of information stored in and transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures
could result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of client
information, or a denial-of-service or other interruption to our business operations. As techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers,
we may be unable to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against, these attacks. 

If we are unable to
avert these attacks and security breaches, we could be subject to significant legal and financial liability, our reputation would
be harmed and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not have the resources
or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks may target us, our
Traders or other participants, the communication infrastructure, or the e-platform on which we depend. Actual or anticipated attacks
and risks may cause us to incur significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection
technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. Cybersecurity breaches would not only harm our
reputation and business, but also could materially decrease our revenue and net income. 

Future inflation may inhibit our
ability to conduct business profitably.   

In recent years, the
economy in China including Hong Kong has experienced periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. High inflation may
in the future cause the Chinese and Hong Kong governments to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to take other action,
which could inhibit economic activity in China and Hong Kong, and thereby harm the market for our services. 

Currency fluctuations and restrictions
on currency exchange may adversely affect our business, including limiting our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies
and, if RMB were to decline in value, reducing our revenues and profits in U.S. dollar terms.   

Our reporting currency
is the U.S. dollar and our operations in China and Hong Kong use their respective local currencies as their functional currencies.
We are subject to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations with respect to any of these currencies. For example, the value of
the RMB depends to a large extent on Chinese government policies and China s domestic and international economic and political
developments, as well as supply and demand in the local market. Starting July 2005, the Chinese government changed its policy
of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB has fluctuated within a narrow and managed band
against a basket of certain foreign currencies.  It is possible that the Chinese government will adopt a more flexible currency
policy, which could result in more significant fluctuations of the RMB against the U.S. dollar. 

The income statements
of our China and Hong Kong operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period.
To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency-denominated transactions
results in reduced revenues, operating expenses and net income for our non-U.S. operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S.
dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of RMB and Hong Kong dollar -denominated transactions results in increased
revenues, operating expenses and net income for our non-U.S. operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations
as we convert the financial statements of our non-U.S. subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in
foreign currency exchange rates, the conversion of the non-U.S. subsidiaries  financial statements into U.S. dollars will
lead to a translation gain or loss which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. We have not entered into agreements
or purchased instruments to hedge our exchange rate risks, although we may do so in the future. The availability and effectiveness
of any hedging transaction may be limited and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exchange rate risks. 

Although Chinese governmental
policies were introduced in 1996 to allow the convertibility of RMB into foreign currency for current account items, conversion
of RMB into foreign exchange for most of the capital items, such as foreign direct investment, loans or securities, requires the
approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. These approvals, however, do not guarantee the availability
of foreign currency. We cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain all required conversion approvals for our operations or
that Chinese regulatory authorities will not impose greater restrictions on the convertibility of RMB in the future. Because a
significant amount of our future revenues may be in the form of RMB, our inability to obtain the requisite approvals or any future
restrictions on currency exchanges could limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities
outside China, or to repay non-RMB-denominated obligations, including our debt obligations, which would have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company s
requirements could exceed the amount of time or level of experience that our officer and directors may have.   

Our
success largely depends on the continuing services of our sole officer and director, Di Xiao and our other directors, Joseph Levinson
and William Kwok Keung Tsui. Our continued success, also, depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. We
believe that Messrrs Xiao, Levinson and Tsui possesses valuable business development and marketing knowledge, experience and leadership
abilities that would be difficult in the short term to replicate. The loss of their services could have an adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition as our potential future revenues. 

Messrrs.
Xiao, Levinson and Tsui may not be able to operate our business effectively. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
attract and hire officers or directors with similar experience to operate our business, in the event thatany one of them is otherwise
unsuccessful in doing so. 

Because our funds are held in banks
which do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue in
business.   

Banks and other financial
institutions in Hong Kong and China do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board
manages and supervises the operation of the Deposit Protection Scheme, which protects deposit amounts up to only $64,517 (HK$500,000). 

On May 1, 2015, the
State Council of People s Republic of China, released the Regulations on Deposit Insurance, with scheme that would insure
up to $78,671 (RMB500,000) in deposits made by businesses and individuals per bank. The scheme is backed by a fund run by the
People s Bank of China. 

As a result, in the
event of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain in a bank
that fails, our inability to have access to our cash could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay
our employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue in business. 

RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS
IN HONG KONG   

The Hong Kong legal system embodies
uncertainties which could limit the legal protections available to you and us.   

As one of the conditions
for the handover of the sovereignty of Hong Kong to China, China had to accept some conditions such as Hong Kong's Basic Law before
its return. The Basic Law ensured Hong Kong will retain its own currency (the Hong Kong Dollar), legal system, parliamentary system
and people's rights and freedom for fifty years from 1997. This agreement had given Hong Kong the freedom to function in a high
degree of autonomy. The Special Administrative Region ( SAR ) of Hong Kong is responsible for its own domestic affairs
including, but not limited to, the judiciary and courts of last resort, immigration and customs, public finance, currencies and
extradition. Hong Kong continues using the English common law system. 

Some international
observers and human rights organizations have expressed doubts about the future of the relative political freedoms enjoyed in
Hong Kong, and about the PRC's pledge to allow a high degree of autonomy in Hong Kong. They considered, for example, that the
proposals in Article 23 of the Basic Law in 2003 (which was withdrawn due to mass opposition) might have undermined autonomy.
On June 10, 2014, Beijing released a new report asserting its authority over the territory. This ignited criticism from many people
in Hong Kong, who said that the Communist leadership was reneging on its pledges to abide by the  one country, two systems 
policy that allows for a democratic, autonomous Hong Kong under Beijing's rule. 

If the PRC were to,
in fact, renege on its agreement to allow Hong Kong to function autonomously, this could potentially impact Hong Kong s
common law legal system and may in turn bring about uncertainty in, for example, the enforcement of our contractual rights. This
could, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business and operation. Additionally, intellectual property rights and confidentiality
protections in Hong Kong may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. Accordingly, we cannot predict the
effect of future developments in the Hong Kong legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws
or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could
limit the legal protections available to us, including our ability to enforce our agreements with our customers. 

It will be difficult to acquire
jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in Hong Kong.   

Substantially all
of our assets will be located in Hong Kong and our officers and our present directors reside outside of the United States. As
a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon
our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties
of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. 

We may have difficulty establishing
adequate management, legal and financial controls in Hong Kong, which could impair our planning processes and make it difficult
to provide accurate reports of our operating results.   

Although we will be
required to implement internal controls, we may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees
to work in Hong Kong in these areas. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing the required controls,
making it difficult for management to forecast its needs and to present the results of our operations accurately at all times.
If we are unable to establish the required controls, market makers may be reluctant to make a market in our stock and investors
may be reluctant to purchase our stock, which would make it difficult for you to sell any shares of Common Stock that you may
own or acquire. 

Because our funds are held in banks
which do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue in
business.   

Banks and other financial
institutions in Hong Kong do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board manages and
supervises the operation of the Deposit Protection Scheme, which protects deposit amounts up to only $64,517 (HK$500,000) As a
result, in the event of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain
in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to our cash could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access
funds to pay our employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue in business. 

RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN THE PEOPLE S
REPUBLIC OF CHINA   

Changes in the political and economic
policies of the PRC government may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.   

Some of our operations
are conducted in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) and part of our revenue is sourced from the PRC. Accordingly,
our financial condition and results of operations are affected to a significant extent by economic, political and legal developments
in the PRC. 

The PRC economy differs
from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the extent of government involvement, level of development,
growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing
the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment
of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by
the government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing
industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over China's economic growth by allocating resources,
controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy, regulating financial services and institutions
and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While the PRC economy
has experienced significant growth in the past three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors
of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources.
Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition
and results of operation could be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes
in tax regulations that are applicable to us. In addition, the PRC government has implemented in the past certain measures, including
interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity, which in
turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our services and consequently have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial
condition and results of operations. 

There are uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations.   

As some of our operations
are conducted in the PRC, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC Subsidiaries, Shanghai Takung and Tianjin
Takung are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law
system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited
precedential value. 

In 1979, the PRC government
began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect
of legislation over the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment
in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may
not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degree of interpretation by
PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and because of
the limited number of published decisions and the non-precedential nature of such decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations
often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws,
rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal system is based
in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may
have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence
of the violation. 

Any administrative
and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual
terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection
we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered
into and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

PRC regulations regarding acquisitions
impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through
acquisitions.   

Under the PRC Anti-Monopoly
Law, companies undertaking acquisitions relating to businesses in China must notify MOFCOM, in advance of any transaction where
the parties' revenues in the China market exceed certain thresholds and the buyer would obtain control of, or decisive influence
over, the target. In addition, on August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision
and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or
the CSRC, and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which came into effect on September 8, 2006 and was amended
on June 22, 2009. Under the M A Rules, the approval of MOFCOM must be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established
or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire domestic companies affiliated with such PRC enterprises or residents. Applicable
PRC laws, rules and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to security review. 

If we grow to a certain
threshold level, any proposed acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of
more than RMB400 million in the year prior to any proposed acquisition would be subject to MOFCOM merger control review. As a
result of, many of the transactions we may undertake could be subject to MOFCOM merger review. Complying with the requirements
of the relevant regulations to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including
approval from MOFCOM, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand
our business or maintain our market share. In addition, MOFCOM has not accepted antitrust filings for any transaction involving
parties that adopt a variable interest entity structure. If MOFCOM's practice remains unchanged, our ability to carry out our
investment and acquisition strategy may be materially and adversely affected and there may be significant uncertainty as to whether
transactions that we may undertake would subject us to fines or other administrative penalties and negative publicity and whether
we will be able to complete large acquisitions in the future in a timely manner or at all. 

We rely to a significant extent
on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our principal operating subsidiary in China to fund offshore cash and financing
requirements.   

We are a holding company
and rely to a significant extent on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiary in the PRC, for
our offshore cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our
stockholders, fund inter-company loans, service any debt we may incur outside of China and pay our expenses. When our operating
Subsidiary incur additional debt, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions
or remittances to us. Furthermore, the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our PRC Subsidiary permit payments of dividends
only out of their retained earnings, if any, determined in accordance with applicable accounting standards and regulations. 

Under PRC laws, rules
and regulations, our Subsidiary incorporated in China is required to set aside a portion of its net income each year to fund certain
statutory reserves. These reserves, together with the registered equity, are not distributable as cash dividends. As a result
of these laws, rules and regulations, our Subsidiary incorporated in China are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion
of their respective net assets to their stockholders as dividends. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts
are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. 

Limitations on the
ability to pay dividends to us could limit our ability to access cash generated by the operations of those entities, including
to make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends to our stockholders or otherwise
fund and conduct our business. 

The services conducted by our wholly-foreign
owned enterprise might be regarded as a form of online advertising or as part of services requiring an Internet content provider
license or other licenses and subjecting us to other laws, rules and regulations as well as increased taxes.   

Our online platform
to list artwork for sale at fixed prices and other related services are currently not classified as a form of online advertising
in China or as part of services requiring an ICP license or other licenses. We conduct our fixed price sale of artwork and other
related business through our wholly-foreign owned enterprise in the PRC, which are not qualified to operate an online advertising
business and do not hold an ICP license. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not classify our business
and other related services as a form of online advertising or as part of services requiring an ICP license or other licenses in
the future. If new regulations characterize our business and other related services as a form of online advertising or as part
of ICP services requiring an ICP license or other licenses, we may have to conduct our business through other entities, which
are qualified to operate online advertising business and hold ICP or other licenses. 

If we conducted our
business through other entities, we may face increased scrutiny from the tax authorities and may incur additional taxes on any
services fees paid by such entities to our wholly-foreign owned enterprise. In addition, advertising services are subject to a
cultural construction fee under PRC law, which is a 3% surcharge in addition to the applicable value-added tax. If our business
and other related services were to be considered a form of online advertising, our revenue from those services would be subject
to the 3% surcharge. If that were to occur, our margins would decline and our net income could be reduced. In addition, the substantial
revenue streams attributable to our business would then be collected from such other entities and subject to the risks associated
with these entities. If the change in classification of our business and other related services were to be retroactively applied,
we might be subject to sanctions, including payment of delinquent taxes and late payment interest. 

Moreover, PRC advertising
laws, rules and regulations require advertisers, advertising operators and advertising distributors to ensure that the content
of the advertisements they prepare or distribute is fair and accurate and is in full compliance with applicable law. Violation
of these laws, rules or regulations may result in penalties, including fines, confiscation of advertising fees, orders to cease
dissemination of the advertisements and orders to publish an advertisement correcting the misleading information. In circumstances
involving serious violations, the PRC government may revoke a violator's license for operating an advertising business. 

In addition, for advertising
content related to specific types of products and services, advertisers, advertising operators and advertising distributors must
confirm that the advertisers have obtained requisite government approvals, including the advertiser's operating qualifications,
proof of quality inspection of the advertised products, government pre-approval of the contents of the advertisement and filing
with the local authorities. If we become subject to PRC advertising laws, we would need to take steps to monitor, and to ensure
that our third-party marketing affiliates monitor, the content of any advertisements displayed on our platforms. This could require
considerable resources and time, and could significantly affect the operation of our business, while also subjecting us to increased
liability under the relevant laws, rules and regulations. The costs associated with complying with such laws, rules and regulations,
including any penalties or fines for our failure to so comply if required, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Any change in the classification of our business and other related services by
the PRC government may also significantly disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. 

We may be treated as a resident
enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on
our global income.   

Under the PRC Enterprise
Income Tax Law and its implementing rules, both of which came into effect on January 1, 2008, enterprises established under the
laws of jurisdictions outside of China with  de facto management bodies  located in China may be considered PRC tax
resident enterprises for tax purposes and may be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on their global income.
 De facto management body  refers to a managing body that exercises substantive and overall management and control over
the production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise. The State Administration of Taxation issued
the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore-Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises
on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies, or Circular 82, on April 22, 2009. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria
for determining whether the  de facto management body  of a Chinese-controlled offshore-incorporated enterprise is located
in China. Although Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises, not those controlled by foreign
enterprises or individuals, the determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 may reflect the State Administration of Taxation's
general position on how the  de facto management body  test should be applied in determining the tax resident status
of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises. Currently, we generate only a small portion
of our revenues offshore. However, if this proportion were to increase and if we were to be considered a PRC resident enterprise,
we would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our global income. In such case, our profitability and
cash flow may be materially reduced as a result of our global income being taxed under the Enterprise Income Tax Law. We believe
that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the tax resident status
of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation
of the term  de facto management body.  

Dividends payable to our foreign
investors and gains on the sale of our Common Stock by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC taxation.   

Under the Enterprise
Income Tax Law and its implementation regulations issued by the State Council, a 10% PRC withholding tax is applicable to dividends
payable by a resident enterprise to investors that are non-resident enterprises, which do not have an establishment or place of
business in the PRC or which have such establishment or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected with
such establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. Similarly, any
gain realized on the transfer of Common Stock by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%, subject to
any reduction or exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within
the PRC. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid on our Common Stock, and any gain realized by the investors
from the transfer of our Common Stock, would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and would as a result be
subject to PRC taxation. Furthermore, if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends payable to individual investors who
are non-PRC residents and any gain realized on the transfer of our common stock by such investors may be subject to PRC tax at
a current rate of 20%, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable tax treaties. It is unclear whether if we
or any of our subsidiaries established outside China are considered a PRC resident enterprise, holders of our common stock would
be able to claim the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas and
to claim foreign tax credit if applicable. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors, or gains from the transfer of our common
stock by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our common stock may decline significantly. 

We and our stockholders
face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed
to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or other assets attributable to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company. 

On February 3, 2015,
the State Administration of Taxation issued the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax and Indirect Transfers of Assets by
Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Bulletin 7, which replaced or supplemented certain previous rules under the Notice on Strengthening
Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 698, issued by the State
Administration of Taxation, on December 10, 2009. Pursuant to this Bulletin, an  indirect transfer  of assets, including
equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject
to PRC enterprise income tax. 

According to Bulletin
7,  PRC taxable assets  include assets attributed to an establishment in China, immoveable properties located in China,
and equity investments in PRC resident enterprises, in respect of which gains from their transfer by a direct holder, being a
non-PRC resident enterprise, would be subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. When determining whether there is a  reasonable
commercial purpose  of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value
of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant
offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income mainly derives from China; whether
the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature which
is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure;
the replicability of the transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer
and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment,
the resulting gain is to be included with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being
transferred, and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer relates
to the immoveable properties located in China or to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a
PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax at 10% would apply, subject to
available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements, and the party who is obligated to
make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. Where the pay or fails to withhold any or sufficient tax, the transferor
shall declare and pay such tax to the tax authority by itself within the statutory time limit. Late payment of applicable tax
will subject the transferor to default interest. Bulletin 7 does not apply to transactions of sale of shares by investors
through a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired from a transaction through a public stock exchange. 

There are uncertainties
as to the application of Bulletin 7. As Bulletin 7 was promulgated recently, it is not clear how it will be implemented. Bulletin
7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to some of our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the
shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are involved. The transferors and transferees may
be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation, while our PRC Subsidiary may be requested to assist in
the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises and PRC Subsidiary may be required to spend valuable resources to comply
with Bulletin 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Bulletin 7, for our previous
and future restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

The PRC tax authorities
have the discretion under Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the difference between the fair
value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable
income of the transactions under Bulletin 7, our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will
increase, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Restrictions on currency exchange
may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.   

We believe a significant
portion of our revenue will be denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the  current account, 
which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the  capital account, 
which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries or variable interest
entities. Currently, our PRC Subsidiary, which is a wholly-foreign owned enterprise, may purchase foreign currency for settlement
of  current account transactions,  including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with
certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase
foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a significant amount of our future revenue will be denominated
in Renminbi, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi
to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our stockholders, including holders
of our shares of common stock. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require
approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain
foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries and the variable interest entities. 

Our significant amount of deposits
in certain banks in China may be at risk if these banks go bankrupt or otherwise do not have the liquidity to pay us during our
deposit period.   

On May 1, 2015,
China s new Deposit Insurance Regulation came into effect, pursuant to which banking financial institutions, such as commercial
banks, established in China are required to purchase deposit insurance for deposits in RMB and in foreign currency. Under this
regulation, depositors will be fully indemnified for their deposits and interests in an aggregate amount up to a limit of RMB500,000.
Deposits or interests over such limit will only be covered by the bank s liquidation assets. Therefore, although this requirement
to purchase deposit insurance may help, to a certain extent, prevent Chinese banks from going bankrupt, it would not be effective
in providing effective protection for our accounts, as our aggregate deposits are much higher than the compensation limit. 

RISKS RELATING TO INVESTMENT IN
OUR SECURITIES   

An active public market for our
Common Stock may not develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the ability of our investors to sell their securities
in the public market.   

We cannot predict
the extent to which an active public market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained. 

Shares eligible for future sale
may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, as the future sale of a substantial amount of outstanding stock in
the public marketplace could reduce the price of our Common Stock.   

Holders of a significant
number of our shares and/or their designees may be eligible to sell our shares of Common Stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act ( Rule 144 ), subject to
certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, a non-affiliate stockholder (or stockholders whose shares are aggregated)
who has satisfied a six-month holding period, and provided that there is current public information available, may sell all of
its securities. Rule 144 also permits the sale of securities, without any limitations, by a non-affiliate that has satisfied a
one-year holding period. Any substantial sale of Common Stock pursuant to any resale prospectus or Rule 144 may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our Common Stock by creating an excessive supply. 

If we fail to maintain effective
internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and our business, financial
condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.   

We are a public company
and our internal controls are essential to the integrity of our business and financial results. Our public reporting obligations
place a strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems. Although we have implemented measures to enhance
our internal controls, and plan to take steps to further improve our internal controls, if we encounter difficulties in improving
our internal controls and management information systems, we may incur additional costs and management time in meeting our improvement
goals. We cannot assure you that the measures taken to improve our internal controls will be effective. If we fail to maintain
effective internal controls in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation may be materially
and adversely affected. 

Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance
and public disclosure will result in additional expenses.   

Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including SOX and related SEC regulations, have created
uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the public markets
and public reporting. Our management team will need to invest significant management time and financial resources to comply with
both existing and evolving standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and
a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 

We do not foresee paying cash dividends
in the near future.   

We do not plan to
declare or pay any cash dividends on our shares of Common Stock in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain any future
earnings for funding growth. As a result, investors should not rely on an investment in our securities if they require the investment
to produce dividend income. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties.  

We lease approximately
1,119.45 square feet of office space at Rooms 2003 and 2004 on the 20th Floor of Hutchison House, Hong Kong. The lease expires
on May 15, 2019 and provides for a monthly rent of $12,705 (HK$98,464) and a monthly service fee of $1,084 (HK$8,398). 

We also lease approximately
1,904 square feet of office space at Room 2018 on the 20th Floor of Hutchison House, Hong Kong. The lease expires on April 15,
2018 and provides for a monthly rent of $17,689 (HK$137,088) and a monthly service fee of $1,597 (HK$12,376). 

We lease approximately
13.6 square feet of storage space at Private Storage Area 13 on the 18th Floor of Cheung HingShing Center, Hong Kong. The lease
expires on November 20, 2017 and provides for a monthly rent of $1,391 (HK$10,780). 

We lease approximately
538.2 square feet of storage space at the Linji Building A, No. 8 Street 8, Shunyi District, Beijing, China 101300. The lease
expires on August 14, 2017 and provides for a monthly rent of $1,467 (RMB9,500) and a monthly service fee of $88 (RMB 570). 

We also lease approximately
2,152.8 square feet of storage space at LingtongGongyuan, Southeast of Hebin Park, Tanggu, Binhai New Area, Tianjin City, China.
The lease expires on July 14, 2025 and provides for a monthly rent and monthly service fee of $1,286 (RMB 8,333). 

On January 11, 2016,.
Shanghai Takung leased approximately 906.5 square feet of office space at Units 04, 16th floor, Shanghai Times Square Office Building,
No. 93 HuaiHai Middle Road, Huang Pu, Shanghai, China. The lease expires on January 10, 2018 and provides for a monthly rent of
$4,350 (RMB 28,178) and monthly service fee of $520 (RMB 3,369) 

We currently do not
have an office for Tianjin Takung, which currently operates out of our Hong Kong office. We are in the process of renting space
to house Tianjin Takung s servers in Tianjin, PRC. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  

We know of no material,
active, pending or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff
or defendant in any material proceeding or pending litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

PART
II  

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

Market for Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters   

Our Common Stock was
originally quoted on the OTCBB from October 2013 under the designation  CARD . On November 5, 2014, we amended our
name from  Cardigant Medical Inc.  to  Takung Art Co., Ltd and on November 12, 2014, our symbol was changed
to  TKAT . Our Common Stock now trades on the OTCQB. Until November 25, 2015, there had been no trading in our Common
Stock. T he table below presents the high and low bid for our Common Stock for the quarter from October 1, 2015 through December
31, 2015. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual
transactions. 

Holders of Our Common Stock   

As of December 31,
2015, we have 150 stockholders of our Common Stock, including the shares held in street name by brokerage firms. The holders of
Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders
of the Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their Common Stock into any other securities. There are
no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. 

Dividends   

We have not paid dividends
on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We will rely on dividends from our
Hong Kong and China operation entities for our funds and Hong Kong and Chinese regulations may limit the amount of funds distributed
to us from our Hong Kong and Chinese operation entities, which will affect our ability to declare any dividends. 

Stock Option and Warrant Grants   

On August 26, 2015,
we approved our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan, allowing for the issuance of up to 1,037,000 shares of our Common Stock. On August
27, 2015, we registered the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan with the SEC on a
registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act. On August 28, 2015, we issued 300,000 shares of our Common Stock
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan as partial compensation to third party consultants. 

As of December 31,
2015, there are no options outstanding. 

Registration Rights   

In order to induce
the investors to participate in the Private Placements (see below under  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities ),
the Company agreed to file a  resale  Registration Statement on Form S-1 (or any other applicable form exclusively
for this offering) within 45 days after closing of the Private Placements to register the Shares sold thereunder and shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to have it declared effective within 150 days after Closing. In the event of a full review
of the Registration Statement by the SEC, the required effective date will be extended by 30 days. 

Additionally, we granted
 piggy-back  registration rights to Regeneration Capital Group, LL ( Regeneration ) for 487,000 shares
of Common Stock issued to them pursuant to a Consulting Agreement we entered into on November 16, 2015 (see below under  Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities ). 

Other than the aforementioned
registration rights, we have no other obligation to register under the Securities Act any of our shares of Common Stock. 

Equity Compensation Plans   

On August 26, 2015,
we approved our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan, allowing for the issuance of up to 1,037,000 shares of our Common Stock. On August
27, 2015, we registered the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan with the SEC on a
registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act. On August 28, 2015, we issued 300,000 shares of our Common Stock
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan as partial compensation to third party consultants. 

As of December 31,
2015, there are no options outstanding. 

Stock Transfer Agent   

Our stock transfer
agent is VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. 

Dividends   

We have not declared
or paid any dividends on our Common Stock and presently do not expect to declare or pay any such dividends in the foreseeable
future. We have not yet formulated a future dividend policy in the event restrictions on our ability to pay dividends are created. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities
by Takung Art Co., Ltd and Affiliated Purchasers   

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   

On November 16, 2015,
we entered into various subscription agreements with and sold to certain investors a total of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock
at a price of $1.58 per share (the  Shares ) for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,580,000 (the  Private Placements ).
The shares were offered and sold without registration under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder.
No commissions were paid by the Company in connection with the Private Placements. 

Each of the subscribers
in the Private Placements has represented to the Company that it is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Additionally, we completed the Private Placements of the
shares pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act on the basis that the sale of the Shares was completed in  offshore
transactions , as defined in Rule 902(h) of Regulation S. We did not engage in any  directed selling efforts ,
as defined in Regulation S, in the United States in connection with the sale of the Shares. The subscribers represented to us
that they were not U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S, and were not acquiring the Shares for the account or benefit of a
U.S. person. The subscription agreements executed between us and the subscribers included statements that the Shares had not been
registered pursuant to the Securities Act and that the Shares may not be offered or sold in the United States unless the Shares
are registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act. The subscribers agreed by execution
of the subscription agreement for the Shares: (i) to resell the securities purchased only in accordance with the provisions of
Regulation S or Regulation D, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act; (ii) that we are required to refuse to register any sale of the securities purchased unless the transfer
is in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S or Regulation D, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or pursuant
to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act; and (iii) not to engage in hedging transactions with regards to the
securities purchased unless in compliance with the Securities Act. All Shares issued were endorsed with a restrictive legend confirming
that the securities had been issued pursuant to Regulation S and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act and could not be resold
without registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act. 

On
November 20, 2015, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Regeneration Capital Group, LLC ( Regeneration )   for
the provision of certain consulting and advisory services, including without limitation, assisting in the preparation of Company
financial projections, business plans, executive summaries and website, and recruiting qualified directors and officers.
In consideration for providing such services, the Company issued to Regeneration 487,000 Compensation Shares which are placed
in an escrow account maintained with the Company s attorneys until either (i) the Company has successfully listed its securities
on the NASDAQ or other U.S. securities exchange on or before December 31, 2016, whereupon the Compensation Shares shall be forthwith
delivered to Regeneration or (ii) if the Company is unsuccessful in listing its securities on the NASDAQ or other U.S. securities
exchange on or before December 31, 2016, the Compensation Shares shall be returned to the Company for cancellation. Regeneration
shall be entitled to  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to the Compensation Shares. The Compensation Shares
were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.  

Both the Shares and
Compensation Shares were registered under a Registration Statement on Form S-1 which went effective on February 12, 2016. 

Item 6.       Selected Financial
Data.  

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This report contains
certain statements that may be deemed  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of United States of America
securities laws.  All statements, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments
that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate and similar expressions or future conditional verbs such as will, should,
would, could or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and
assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions,
expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.  

These statements
include, without limitation, statements about our anticipated expenditures, including those related to general and administrative
expenses; the potential size of the market for our services, future development and/or expansion of our services in our markets,
our ability to generate  revenues, our ability to obtain regulatory clearance and expectations as to our future financial
performance. Our actual results will likely differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including: our need and ability to raise additional cash.. The forward-looking statements included
in this report are subject to a number of additional material risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks
described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the
related notes to those statements included in this filing. In addition to historical financial information, this discussion may
contain forward-looking statements reflecting our current plans, estimates, beliefs and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties.
As a result of many important factors, particularly those set forth under  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements ,
our actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.  

Overview  

We were incorporated
in Delaware under the name Cardigant Medical Inc. on April 17, 2009.  Our initial business plan was to focus on the development
of novel biologic and peptide based compounds and enhanced methods for local delivery for the treatment of vascular disease including
peripheral artery disease and ischemic stroke. 

Pursuant to the Stock
Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2014, Yong Li, an individual purchased a total of 887,410 restricted shares (before Reverse
Stock Split was 22,185,230 restricted shares) of Common Stock of the Company from a group of three former stockholders of the
Company. In consideration for the shares, Mr. Li paid the sellers $399,344 in cash which came from his own capital. The sellers
were Jerett A. Creed, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, director and formerly a controlling
stockholder of the Company, the Creed Family Limited Partnership and Ralph Sinibaldi. The shares represented approximately 95%
of the Company s then issued and outstanding common stock. The sale was consummated on August 28, 2014. As a result of the
transaction, there was a change in control of the Company. 

On August 27, 2014,
we entered into a Contribution Agreement with Cardigant Neurovascular. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, we assigned all
our assets, properties, rights, title and interest used or held for use by our business, (except for certain excluded assets set
forth therein) which was the treatment of atherosclerosis and plaque stabilization in both the coronary and peripheral vasculature
using systemic and local delivery of large molecule therapeutics and peptide mimetics based on high density lipoprotein targets
( Cardigant Business ). In consideration for such contribution of capital, Cardigant Neurovascular agreed to assume
all our liabilities raising from the Business prior to the date of the Contribution Agreement and thereafter with regard to certain
contributed contacts. We granted Cardigant Neurovascular an exclusive option for a period of 6 months to purchase the excluded
assets for $1. Cardigant Neurovascular exercised this option October 20, 2014 and the excluded assets were assigned to Cardigant
Neurovascular on October 20, 2014. 

Also on October 20,
2014, we acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong Takung, a privately held Hong Kong corporation, pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement and Hong Kong Takung became the wholly owned subsidiary of us in a reverse merger, or the Merger.
Pursuant to the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong Takung common stock were converted, at an exchange
ratio of 10.4988-for-1, into an aggregate of 8,399,040 shares (before Reverse Stock Split was 209,976,000 shares) of our common
stock and Hong Kong Takung became a wholly owned subsidiary of us. The holders of our common stock as of immediately prior to
the Merger held an aggregate of 933,236 shares (before Reverse Stock Split was 23,330,662 shares) of our common stock, The accompanying
financial statements share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the Merger.
Subsequent to the Merger, our name was changed from  Cardigant Medical Inc.  to  Takung Art Co., Ltd. . 

Hong Kong Takung is
a limited liability company incorporated on September 17, 2012 under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, China.
Although Takung was incorporated in 2012, it did not commence business operations until late 2013. 

As a result of the
transfer of the excluded assets pursuant to the Contribution Agreement and the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares
of Hong Kong Takung, we are no longer conducting the Cardigant Business and have now assumed Hong Kong Takung s business
operations as it now our only operating wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Hong Kong Takung operates
an electronic online platform located at http://eng.takungae.com for artists, art dealers and art investors to offer and trade
in valuable artwork. 

Through Hong Kong
Takung, we offer on-line listing and trading services that allow artists/art dealers/owners to access a much bigger art trading
market where they can engage with a wide range of investors that they might not encounter without our platform. Our platform also
makes investment in high-end and expensive artwork more accessible to ordinary people without substantial financial resources. 

On November 5, 2014,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to
change our name from  Cardigant Medical Inc.  to  Takung Art Co., Ltd.  

We generate revenue
from our services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork ownership units on our system, primarily consisting of
listing fees, trading commissions, and management fees. 

We conduct our business
primarily in Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, People s Republic of China. Our principal executive offices are located
at Flat/RM 03-04, 20/F, Hutchison House, 10 Harcourt Road, Central Hong Kong. 

On July 28, 2015,
Hong Kong Takung incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Takung (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Takung ), in Shanghai
Free-Trade Zone (SFTZ) in Shanghai, China, with a registered capital of $1 million. Shanghai Takung assists in Hong Kong Takung s
operations by receiving deposits from and making payments to online artwork Traders in mainland China on behalf of Hong Kong Takung.
On January 27, 2016, Hong Kong Takung incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd ( Tianjin
Takung ) in the Tianjin Free Trade Zone (TJFTZ) in Tianjin, China with a registered capital of $1 million. Tianjin Takung
provides technology development services to Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung, and also carries out marketing and promotion
activities in mainland China. 

Results of Operation of Takung  

Hong Kong Takung operates
a platform for offering and trading artwork. We generate revenue from our services in connection with the offering and trading
of artwork ownership units on our system, primarily consisting of listing fees, trading commissions, and management fees. 

For the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014  

Revenue  

The following tables
set forth our consolidated statements of income data:  

The following tables
set forth our consolidated statements of income data (as a percentage of revenue): 

Listing fee revenues
were $4,834,126 and $1,774,461; commission revenues were $6,145,261 and $2,832,158 (net of applicable rebates and discounts);
gross management fee revenues were $115,542 and $113,243 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During
2015, the Company has received revenue from two more revenue streams, with the contribution of $239,260 from authorized agent
subscription revenue, and $1,752 from annual fee income. 

Listing fee revenue
and commission revenue are calculated based on a percentage of the listing value and transaction value of artworks, respectively. 

Listing value is the
total offering price of an artwork when the ownership units are initially listed on our trading platform. The Company utilizes
an appraised value as a basis to determine the appropriate listing value for each artwork, or portfolio of artworks. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2015, 49 sets of artwork were listed for trade on our platform   nine sets of paintings and calligraphies from
famous Chinese artists ranging in listing value from $387,062 (HK$3,000,000) to $1,548,247 (HK$12,000,000), four pieces of jewelry
ranging in listing value from $335,454 (HK$2,600,000) to $516,082 (HK$4,000,000), twenty five pieces of precious stones ranging
in listing value from $12,902 (HK$100,000) to $645,103 (HK$5,000,000), and eleven pieces of amber ranging in listing value from
$154,825 (HK$1,200,000) to $903,144 (HK$7,000,000). 

The listing fees ranged
from 22.5% to 47% of listing value for paintings and calligraphies, 31% of listing value for jewelry, 32% to 47% of listing value
for precious stones, and 32% to 47% of listing value for ambers. The total listing value of artwork during 2015 was $11,596,409
(HK$89,900,000). 

Compared to the year
ended December 31, 2014, only five paintings with a total listing value of $6,709,071 (HK$52,000,000) were listed. The listing
fee ranged from 22.5% to 31% of the listing of paintings. 

The increase in number
of pieces listed, listing values and corresponding listing fees charged during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2014 resulted in an increase in listing fee revenue in the current period. 

Commission revenue
is calculated based on a percentage of and transaction value of artworks. Transaction value is the dollar amount of the purchase
and sale of the ownership units of the artworks after they are listed on our platform. The total transaction value for the year
ended December 31, 2015 was $2,330,196,680 (HK$18,064,616,738) versus $730,685,953(HK$5,666,104,221) for the year ended December
31, 2014. We charge 0.2% of the transaction value on both the purchase and sale sides resulting in an aggregate of 0.4% of the
transaction value and accounts for this as commission revenue for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

As part of a referral incentive program
offered during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company would rebate 5% of the commission earned from the transaction
to certain VIP referrers. 

Additionally, we ran a discount program
for certain VIP traders   starting from April 1, 2015, when their trading volumes of the certain artworks reached an agreed
level of each month, a contractually determined flat rate of trading commission was applied to the transactions of these certain
artworks. Any trading commission charges incurred by the VIP traders over the flat rate would be waived. The discounted rate varied
between the selected artworks. 

A separate discount program was offered
to buyers by waiving their trading commissions during certain promotion periods. The rebates and discounts are recognized as a
reduction of revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized. 

From April 9, 2015
to June 8, 2015, the company waived all management fees and trading commissions for the buyers  side as a promotion and
was deducted from the commission revenue. Besides, the company waived all management fees during September 9, 2015 to December
31, 2016. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2015, in spite of the rebates and discounts, commission revenue increased significantly mainly due to more artworks
being listed and commencement of operations of Shanghai Takung in July 2015 that allowed transactions to be settled in Renminbi.
This increased the number of traders from mainland China. 

Our trading volume
and transaction value amounts increased significantly since August 2015. Trading volume increased by 111% and trading amount by
219% during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to corresponding year in 2014. Shanghai Takung contributed 20% of the total
trading volume, and 31% of the total trading amount and this resulted in the significant increase of our commission revenue by
$3,313,103. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2015, management fee revenue increased by $2,299, from $113,243 for the year ended December 31, 2014 to $115,542
for the year ended December 31, 2015, due to the aforementioned increase in trading amount and volume. Although the number of
listed artworks increased significantly in the current year, management fee revenue did not increase proportionately. This is
because of the discount program offered from the period of April 9, 2015 to June 8, 2015 and the period from September 9, 2015
to December 31, 2015 which waived management fees for the newly-listed artworks. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2015, we also began charging and earned authorized agent subscription revenue of $239,260 and annual fee revenue
of $1,752. No such revenue stream was started and generated during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Cost of Revenue  

Cost
of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $805,684 and $434,379, respectively. Our cost of revenue primarily
includes the leasing of equipment, depreciation and amortization of hardware and software for our trading platform. Since the
second half of 2014, we have acquired additional hardware and equipment, developed new and upgraded the existing functionality
of our trading, banking integration and social media platforms. 

In
the third quarter of 2014, we entered into an agreement with Qianrong to provide software development services with a total contract
amount of $902,592 (HK$6,995,000). The services contracted for are divided into different modules, according to different upgrades
and new functionalities. As of December 31, 2015, eight out of the ten modules have been completed and are operational. We have
started to capitalize (with a total cost of $554,143(HK$4,295,000)) and amortized these costs once the modules were completed.
All of these additional costs from gradual completion of our platform system modules and addition of equipment contributed to
an increase in our cost of revenue through 2015. In addition, we have also developed one trading module during 2015 for a total
cost of $258,041 (HK$2,000,000), and have capitalized and amortized the cost once the module was completed. 

Gross Profit  

Gross profit was $10,530,257
for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $4,285,483 for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was primarily
due to increased revenue from higher transaction volume with more artworks trading on our platform. 

The gross profit margin
during the year ended December 31, 2015 was comparable to the corresponding period in 2014. 

Listing fees contributed
42.6% of the total revenue compared to 37.6% in the year ended December 31, 2014, while commission revenue contributed 54.2% compared
to 60% in the year ended in December 31, 2014. Although there was an increase in listing fee and commission revenue in the year,
the positive factors were offset by the increase in the cost during the same period due to larger depreciation expense from the
addition of platform system modules and equipment. Depreciation under the cost of revenue was increased by 79% in 2015 compared
to 2014. Consequently, we posted a comparable gross profit margin of 92.9% and 90.8% for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014 respectively. 

Operating Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $3,253,433, compared to $1,701,808 for the year ended December 31, 2014. The
substantial increase was primarily due to an increase of $72,625 in consultancy fees because of more consultants being engaged;
an increase $356,974 in legal and professional fees because of more filing and compliance activities after the Company went public
through reverse merger in October 2014; an increase in salaries of $395,490 because of an increase in employee headcount; an increase
in office and rental expenses of $167,721 because of the new rented office in Hong Kong; an increase of traveling and accommodation
expenses of $101,264 because of more travel to Shanghai to set up Shanghai Takung, an increase of stock-based compensation amounting
to $314,243 due to the issuance of 787,000 shares of common stock for consulting services, an increase of foreign currency exchange
loss of $175,216 because Shanghai Takung collects settlement monies in Renminbi, as well as a decrease of $31,908 in other expenses. 

The following table
sets forth main the components of the Company s general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014. 

The Company also generated
a total of $584,179 and $904,177 in selling expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The decrease
of selling expense was due to less promotion and advertising events launched during the year 2015. 

Net Income  

We had a net income
for the year ended December 31, 2015 of $5,436,109, versus $1,369,537 for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

The increase in net
income during 2015 was due to an increase in artworks listed and higher trading volume due to more artworks being listed on our
platform, and larger trader population base following the inception of Shanghai Takung, as discussed in previous paragraphs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The following tables set
forth our consolidated statements of cash flow 

Sources of Liquidity  

The cash balance at December
31, 2015 was $10,769,456. Of the $10,769,456, we had $1,849,010 denominated in Hong Kong dollars in Hong Kong banks, $1,457,247
and $953,186 denominated in US dollars deposited in banks in Hong Kong and China respectively, and $6,510,013 denominated in Renminbi
and deposited in a bank in China. During the year ended December 31, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities totaled $5,419,693.
Net cash used in investing activities totaled $512,144. Net cash provided by financing activities totaled $3,510,853. The resulting
change in cash for the period was an increase of $8,413,617, which was primarily due to a net income of $5,436,109 and the collection
from subscription proceeds from the issuance of shares. 

The cash balance at
December 31, 2014 was $2,355,839. During the year ended December 31, 2014, net cash provided by operating activities totaled $2,591,661.
Net cash used in investing activities totaled $497,942. No cash was generated from financing activities. The resulting change
in cash for the period was an increase of $2,095,652, which was primarily due to a net income of $1,369,537 and the increase in
accrued expenses and other payables, offset by the increase in payment for the purchase of property and equipment. 

As of December 31,
2015, the Company had $18,427,281 in total current liabilities, which included $667,622 in accrued expenses and other payables,
$16,195,289 in customers  deposits, and $1,564,370 tax payables.  As of December 31, 2014, the Company had $9,009,168
in total current liabilities, which included $1,891,525 in account payables and other accruals, $6,865,821 in customers 
deposits, $2,730 in amount due to director, and $249,092 in tax payables.   

As of December 31, 2015
and 2014, the Company had $45,037 and $66,555 in total non-current liabilities, which included deferred tax liabilities. 

The Company s total
liabilities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 amounted to $18,472,318 and $9,075,723, respectively. 

The Company s net
assets amounted to $11,276,895 and $2,048,543 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The Company is not aware
of any known trends, events or uncertainties which may affect its future liquidity. We currently do not have grant applications
outstanding, and we can make no guarantees that any grant money will be awarded from any future applications. Our business is
subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible
cost overruns. 

If our operating subsidiaries
were to incur additional debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict the ability of
our operating subsidiaries to transfer cash to our U.S. investors. 

There is no foreign exchange
control or restrictions on capital flows into and out of Hong Kong. Hence, our Hong Kong operating subsidiary is able to transfer
cash without any limitation to the U.S. under normal circumstances. 

In contrast, applicable
PRC law permits payment of dividends to us by our operating subsidiary in China only out of its net income, if any, determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our operating subsidiary in China is also required to set aside a
portion of its net income, if any, each year to fund general reserves for appropriations until such reserves have reached 50%
of the subsidiary's registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition, registered share
capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each
operating subsidiary. 

The Renminbi is currently
convertible under the  current account,  which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
but not under the  capital account,  which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure
from our onshore subsidiaries or variable interest entities. Currently, our PRC subsidiary, which is a wholly-foreign owned enterprise,
may purchase foreign currency for settlement of  current account transactions,  including payment of dividends to us,
without the approval of State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) by complying with certain procedural requirements.
However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future
for current account transactions. The existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue
generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our stockholders,
including holders of our shares of common stock. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations
and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our
ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our PRC subsidiary. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements, including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support, and credit
risk support or other benefits. 

Future Financings  

We will continue to rely
on equity sales of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will
result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities
or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities, or if we are able, there is no guarantee that
existing shareholders will not be substantially diluted. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We regularly evaluate
the accounting policies and estimates that we use to make budgetary and financial statement assumptions. A complete summary of
these policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical
experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Basis of consolidation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of the Company, and its subsidiaries, Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung. All intercompany
transactions, balances and unrealized profit and losses have been eliminated on consolidation. 

Reverse stock split  

On August 10, 2015, the
Company s board of directors and a majority of the Company s shareholders approved a reverse stock split of its issued
and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-25. 

Upon filing of the Certificate
of Amendment, every twenty-five shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were automatically converted
into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share. All references made to share
or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the 1-for-25 reverse stock split. See Notes 11 for additional information about the reverse stock split. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements , for fair value measurements
of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of non-financial items that are recognized or disclosed
at fair value in the financial statements.  ASC 820 also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. 

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date.  When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities
required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it
would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. 

ASC
820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.
The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level
1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to
    the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level 2 inputs to
    the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are
    observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.   

Level 3 inputs to
    the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.   

There were no assets or
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of December
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Comprehensive Income  

The Company follows the
provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
220  Reporting Comprehensive Income , and establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income,
its components and accumulated balances in a full set of general purpose financial statements. For the year ended December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company s comprehensive income includes net income and foreign currency translation adjustment. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Transaction  

The functional currency of the Hong Kong
Takung and Shanghai Takung are the Hong Kong Dollar ( HKD ). 

The reporting currency of the Company is the
United States Dollar ( USD ). 

Transactions in currencies
other than the entity s functional currency are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the transaction.
At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at
the end of the reporting periods. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items and on re-translation of monetary
items at period-end are included in income statement of the period. 

For the purpose of presenting
these financial statements, the Company s assets and liabilities with functional currency of HKD are expressed in USD at
the exchange rate on the balance sheets dates, which is 7.7507 and 7.7531 as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively;
stockholder s equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the weighted
average exchange rates during the year, which is 7.7524 and 7.7545 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
For Renminbi currency, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in USD at the exchange rate on the balance sheet
date, which is 6.4778 as of December 31, 2015; stockholder s equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income
and expense items are translated at the weighted average exchange rates during the year, which is 6.2827 for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

The resulting translation
adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive income in the stockholder s equity section of the balance
sheets. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers
highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. As of December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company s cash and cash equivalents amounted to $10,769,456 and $2,355,839. The Company s cash
deposit is held in the financial institutions located in Hong Kong and mainland China where there are currently regulations mandated
on obligatory insurance of bank accounts. 

Restricted Cash  

Restricted cash represents
the cash deposited by the traders ( buyers and sellers ) into a specific bank account under Takung ( the broker s
account ) in order to facilitate the trading shares of the artwork. The buyers are required to have their funds transferred
to the broker s account before the trading take place. Upon the delivery of the shares, the seller will send instructions
to the bank, requesting the amount to be transferred to their personal account. After deducting the commission and the management
fee as per Takung, the bank will transfer the remainder to the seller s personal account. Except for instructing the bank
to deduct the commission and management fee, Takung has no right to manipulate any funds in the broker s account. Restricted
cash amounted to $16,195,289 and $6,865,821 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Accounts Receivables and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts  

Accounts
receivable are recorded and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts.
We make estimates for the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our assessment of various factors, including historical ,
 experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality
of our customers, current economic conditions, and other factors that may affect customers' ability to pay.  

Prepayment and Other Current Assets  

Prepayment and other
current assets mainly consists of the prepaid service fee for the development and maintenance of online trading system, as well
as the advertising and promotional services. 

Other Non-current Assets  

A portion of the deposits, are presented under
the non-current section of the balance sheets based on the nature of the amounts. 

Property and Equipment  

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Gains or losses on dispositions of property
and equipment are included in operating income. Major additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized, while maintenance and
repairs are expensed as incurred. 

Depreciation
and amortization are provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method from the time the assets
are placed in service. Estimated useful lives are as follows, taking into account the assets' estimated residual value: 

Classification    
     Estimated  useful life  
 
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment    
     5 years  
 
     Leasehold improvements    
     Shorter of the remaining lease terms and the estimated 3 years  
 
     Computer trading and clearing system    
     5 years  

Long-lived Assets  

The Company evaluates
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the Company assesses the recoverability of these long-lived assets by comparing
the carrying amount of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their
eventual disposition. If the future undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Company recognizes
an impairment equal to the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of these assets. 

No impairment was recorded
during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Intangible Assets  

Intangible assets represent
the licensing cost for our trademark registration, Kingdee system and its server. For intangible assets with indefinite lives,
the Company evaluates intangible assets for impairment at least annually and more often whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment loss will be recognized
for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For intangible assets with definite lives, they are amortized
over estimated useful lives, and are reviewed annually for impairment. The Company has not recorded impairment of intangible assets
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Customer deposits  

Customer deposits represent
the cash deposited by the traders ( buyers and sellers ) into a specific bank account under Takung ( the broker s
account ) in order to facilitate the trading ownership units of the artwork. The buyers are required to have their funds
transferred to the broker s account before the trading take place. Customer deposits was $16,195,289 and $6,865,821 as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company generates
revenue from its services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system, primarily consisting of listing
fees, trading commissions, and management fees. 

We recognize revenue once all of the following
criteria have been met:   

persuasive evidence
    of an arrangement exists;   

delivery of our
    obligations to our customer has occurred;   

the price is fixed
    or determinable; and   

collectability of
    the related receivable is reasonably assured   

Listing fee  -The
Company recognizes the listing fee revenue once the ownership units of the artwork are listed and successfully traded on our system,
based on the agreed percentage of the total offering price. This amount is collected from the money raised from the issuance of
such units accounted as the listing fee revenue accordingly. When the ownership units of the artwork is listed and starts trading
on our system, the Original Owner and/or the Offering Agent shall pay us a one-time offering fee and a listing deposit. The offering
fee is determined based on many factors, such as the type of artwork and the offering size. We generally charge approximately
22.5-47% of the total offering price for calligraphies, paintings and jewelry, which are currently the major types of artwork
listed and traded on our system. Listing fee revenues were $4,834,126 and $1,774,461 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. 

Commission  -The
Company charges trading commissions for the purchase and sale of the ownership units of the artwork. The commission is typically
0.3% of the total amount of each transaction, but as an initial promotion, we currently charge a reduced fee of 0.2% on both the
buy and sell side (resulting in an aggregate of 0.4%) of the total transaction amount with the minimum charge of $0.13 (HK$1).
As part of the referral incentive program, the Company would rebate 5% of the commission earned from the transaction to the relevant
referrer. The commission is accounted for as revenue and immediately deducted from the proceeds from the sales of artwork units
when a transaction is completed. A discount program is offered to waive the commission fee for the buyer side transaction during
certain promotion periods. Such discount is recognized as a reduction of the revenue in the same period the related revenue is
recognized. An additional discount program was offered to VIP traders when their trading volumes of certain artworks reach an
agreed level each month, A contractually determined flat rate of trading commission was applied to the transactions of these certain
artworks. Any trading commission charges incurred by the VIP traders over the flat rate would be waived and deducted from the
commission revenue. From April 9, 2015 to June 8, 2015, we waived all trading commissions on the buy side as a promotion and this
resulted in a decrease in our commission revenue. Commission revenues are $6,145,261 and $2,832,158(net of applicable rebates
and discounts) for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Management fee
 -The Company charges management fees for covering the insurance, storage, and transportation for an artwork and trading management
of artwork units, which are calculated at $0.0013 (HK$0.01) per 100 artwork ownership units per day. The management fee is accounted
for as revenue, and immediately deducted from the proceeds from the sales of artwork ownership units when a transaction is completed.
A discount program is offered to waive the management fee during certain promotion periods. From April 9, 2015 to June 8, 2015
and from September 9, 2015 to December 31, 2015, we waive all management fee as a promotion and this discount is recognized as
a reduction of the revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized. Management fee revenues were $115,542 and $113,243
for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Annual fee income 
-The Company charges an annual fee for providing traders and Offering Agents with premium services, including more in-depth information
and tools, on the trading platform. This revenue is recognized ratably over the service agreement period. 

Authorized agent subscription
revenue  - We charge an authorized agent subscription fee which is an annual service fee paid by authorized agents to grant
them the right to bring their network of artwork owners to list their artwork on our trading platform. This revenue is recognized
ratably over the annual agreement period. 

Cost of Revenue  

Our cost of revenue consists
primarily of expenses associated with the delivery of our service. These include expenses related to the operation of our data
centers, such as facility and lease of the server equipment, development and maintenance of our platform system, as well as the
cost of insurance, storage and transportation of the artworks. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for
income taxes using an asset and liability approach which allows for the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based
upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are
provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future
deductibility is uncertain. 

Under ASC 740, a tax position
is recognized as a benefit only if it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would be sustained in a tax
examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first
step is to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the
resolution of any related appeals or litigations based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure
a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial
statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be
recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet
the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold
is no longer met. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in
the year incurred. GAAP also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosures and transition. 

Earnings Per Share of Common Stock  

The Company reports earnings
(loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260-10  Earnings per Share.  Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed
by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares available.   

Concentration of Risks  

Concentration of credit risk  

Financial instruments
that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash, accounts receivable, prepayment and other current assets. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents and restricted
cash with financial institutions with high-credit ratings and quality. Accounts receivable primarily comprise of amounts receivable
from the trader customers. With respect to the prepayment to service suppliers, the Company performs on-going credit evaluations
of the financial condition of these suppliers. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon estimates,
factors surrounding the credit risk of specific service providers and other information. 

Concentration of customers  

There are no revenues
from customers that individually represent greater than 10% of the total revenues during the year ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company accounts for
stock-based compensation under ASC Topic 505-50. This standard defines a fair value-based method of accounting for stock-based
compensation. The cost of stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award, and is recognized
over the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. As of December 31,
2015, there were no options or warrants outstanding.  

Reclassification  

The Company has also reclassified
certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements for 2015, as well as the related comparative amounts for 2014 to conform
to the current year s presentation. The principal reclassifications are related to 1) aggregation of certain deposits, prepayment
and other receivables into prepayment and other current assets and other non-current assets, respectively, on the basis of time
period in which the economic benefits from the asset will flow to the Company. 2) the reclassification of certain general and
administrative expense to selling expense due to the nature of promotion related activities. These reclassification did not have
an impact on reported total assets, liabilities and stockholder s equity. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Revenue Recognition:    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic  606
(ASU 2014-09), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09
is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle
and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required
under existing U.S. GAAP, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration
to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09
is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting
period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective
with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain
additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of our pending adoption of Topic
606. 

Disclosure of Going
Concern Uncertainties:       In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern (ASU 2014-15), to provide guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial
doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15
is effective for us in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the impact of our pending
adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company s financial statements will be material. 

Financial instrument  :
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
for us on September 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements. 

Leases  :
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-2 ), which provides guidance on lease
amendments to the FASB Accounting should Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in May 1, 2019. We
are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2on our consolidated financial statements. 

Stock-based Compensation  :    In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09). ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of stock-based awards to
employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification
in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, and earlier adoption is permitted.
We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Financial Instruments
- Credit Losses:   In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): The amendments
in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at
the net amount expected to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its
expected credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates
more timely information in the estimate of expected credit loss, which will be more decision useful to users of the financial
statements. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Statement of Cash
Flows:   In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): The amendments in this Update
apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities that are required to present a statement of
cash flows under Topic 230. The amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues. The
amendments are an improvement to GAAP because they provide guidance for each of the eight issues, thereby reducing the current
and potential future diversity in practice described above. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption
in an interim period. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.  

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

To the Audit Committee of the 

 Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 of Takung Art Co., Ltd. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Takung Art Co., Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the
related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for the
years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards as established by the Auditing Standards Board (United States) and in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2015
and 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk  llp  

 Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk  llp  

 New York, New York 

 November 7, 2016 

TAKUNG ART CO.,
LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Stated in U.S. Dollars except Number of
Shares)  

* All shares outstanding for all periods
have been retroactively restated to reflect Takung s 1-for-25 reverse stock split, which was effective on August 10, 2015. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

TAKUNG ART CO.,
LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME  

  (Stated in U.S. Dollars except Number of
Shares)  

* All shares outstanding for all periods
have been retroactively restated to reflect Takung s 1-for-25 reverse stock split, which was effective on August 10, 2015. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

TAKUNG
ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  (Stated in U.S. Dollars
except Number of Shares)  

* All shares outstanding for all periods
have been retroactively restated to reflect Takung s 1-for-25 reverse stock split, which was effective on August 10, 2015. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

TAKUNG
ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows  

  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

TAKUNG
ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Stated in U.S. Dollars
except Number of Shares)  

1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  

Takung Art Co., Ltd and
Subsidiaries (  Takung ), a Delaware corporation (formerly Cardigant Medical Inc.) through Hong Kong Takung Assets
and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd. ( Hong Kong Takung ), a Hong Kong company and our wholly owned subsidiary,
operates an electronic online platform located at www.takungae.com for artists, art dealers and art investors to offer and trade
in valuable artwork. 

HongKong Takung Assets
  Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd. ( Hong Kong Takung ) was incorporated in Hong Kong on September 17, 2012
and operates an electronic online platform for offering and trading artwork. For the period from September 17, 2012 (inception)
to December 31, 2012, there was no operation except the issuance of shares for subscription receivable. We generate revenue from
our services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system, primarily consisting of listing fees, trading
commissions, and management fees. We conduct our business primarily in Hong Kong, People s Republic of China. 

Takung (Shanghai)
Co., Ltd ( Shanghai Takung ) is a limited liability company, with a registered capital of $1 million, located in the
Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone. Shanghai Takung was incorporated on July 28, 2015. It is engaged in providing services to its
parent company HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co. Ltd. ( Hong Kong Takung ) by receiving deposits
from and making payments to online artwork traders of Takung for and on behalf of Takung. 

Takung Cultural Development
(Tianjin) Co., Ltd ( Tianjin Takung ) is a limited liability company, with a registered capital of $1 million located
in Pilot Free Trade Zone. Tianjin Takung was incorporated on January 27, 2016. 

Tianjin Takung provides
technology development services to Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung and also carries out marketing and promotion activities
in mainland China. 

REVERSE MERGER   

On October 20, 2014, Cardigant
Medical Inc. (or  Cardigant ) acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong Takung, a privately held
Hong Kong corporation, pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement and Hong Kong Takung became the wholly owned subsidiary of Cardigant
in a reverse merger, or the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Takung common stock were
converted, at an exchange ratio of 10.4988-for-1, into an aggregate of 8,399,040 (209,976,000 pre-reverse split) shares of Cardigant
common stock and Takung became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cardigant. The holders of Cardigant s common stock as of immediately
prior to the Merger held an aggregate of 933,236(23,330,662 pre-reverse split) shares of Cardigant s common stock, The accompanying
financial statements share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the Merger.
Subsequent to the Merger, Cardigant s name was changed from  Cardigant Medical Inc.  to  Takung Art Co.,
Ltd and Subsidiaries . 

Under generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States, ( U.S. GAAP ) because Hong Kong Takung s former stockholders received
the greater portion of the voting rights in the combined entity and Hong Kong Takung s senior management represents all
of the senior management of the combined entity, the Merger was accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a share exchange,
wherein Hong Kong Takung is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities
of Hong Kong Takung have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized. Accordingly, the assets
and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in Hong Kong Takung's consolidated financial statements are those
of Hong Kong Takung and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Hong Kong Takung.  

Unless otherwise indicated
or the context otherwise requires, references to  the Company  refer to Takung Art Co., Ltd and Subsidiaries Disclosures
relating to the pre-merger business of Takung, unless noted as being the business of Cardigant prior to the Merger, pertain to
the business of Takung prior to the Merger. The Company is currently trading on the OTC market with the ticker  TKAT . 

On August 10, 2015,
Takung effected a 1-for-25 reverse stock split (the  Reverse Spilt ). The principal effect of the Reverse Split was
to decrease the number of outstanding shares of each of Takung  s common shares. All shares outstanding for all the periods
have been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split. 

2. CORRECTIONS TO PREVIOUSLY ISSUED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Our Audit Committee had requested our newly appointed independent
registered public accounting firm to audit our 2015 and 2014 financial statements. In the course of such audit, we discovered
that we had erroneously stated that our earnings per share of common stock, on a basic and diluted basis were $0.49 for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015, while basic and diluted basis were 0.15 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 in the Original
Form 10-K. Instead, our earnings per share of common stock should have been $0.57 and $0.56, on a basic and diluted basis respectively,
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and 0.16 on a basic and diluted basis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. 

In addition to the restatement of our consolidated financial
statements, we have also restated the following items to reflect certain changes noted above. 

The following tables present the effect of the correction discussed
above and other adjustments on selected line items of our previously reported consolidated financial statements as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

61   

3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S.
GAAP ). 

This basis of accounting
involves the application of accrual accounting and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and expenses and
losses are recognized when incurred. The Company s financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ materially from those
results. 

Basis of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of the Company, and its subsidiaries, Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung. All intercompany
transactions, balances and unrealized profit and losses have been eliminated on consolidation. 

Reverse stock split  

On August 10, 2015, the
Company s board of directors and a majority of the Company s shareholders approved a reverse stock split of its issued
and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-25. 

Upon filing of the Certificate
of Amendment, every twenty-five shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were automatically converted
into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share. All references made to share
or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the 1-for-25 reverse stock split. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company applies the
provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements , for fair value measurements of financial assets
and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of non-financial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value
in the financial statements.  ASC 820 also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. 

Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.  When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required
or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact
and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. 

ASC 820 establishes a
fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of
the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level
                                         1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets
                                         or liabilities in active markets.    

Level
                                         2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
                                         in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either
                                         directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.    

Level
                                         3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.    

There were no assets or
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of December
31, 2015 and 2014. 

Comprehensive Income  

The Company follows the
provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
220  Reporting Comprehensive Income , and establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income,
its components and accumulated balances in a full set of general purpose financial statements. For the year ended December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company s comprehensive income includes net income and foreign currency translation adjustment. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Transaction  

The functional currency
of Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung are the Hong Kong Dollar ( HKD ). 

The reporting currency
of the Company is the United States Dollar ( USD ). 

Transactions in currencies
other than the entity s functional currency are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the transaction.
At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at
the end of the reporting periods. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items and on re-translation of monetary
items at period-end are included in income statement of the period. 

For the purpose of presenting
these financial statements, the Company s assets and liabilities with functional currency of HKD are expressed in USD at
the exchange rate on the balance sheets dates, which is 7.7507 and 7.7531 as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively;
stockholder s equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the weighted
average exchange rates during the year, which is 7.7524 and 7.7545 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
For Renminbi currency, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in USD at the exchange rate on the balance sheet
date, which is 6.4778 as of December 31, 2015; stockholder s equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income
and expense items are translated at the weighted average exchange rates during the year, which is 6.2827 for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

The resulting translation
adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive income in the stockholder s equity section of the balance
sheets. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers
highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. As of December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Company s cash and cash equivalents amounted to$10,769,456 and $2,355,839, respectively. The Company s
cash deposit is held in the financial institutions located in Hong Kong and mainland China where there are currently regulations
mandated on obligatory insurance of bank accounts. 

Restricted Cash  

Restricted cash represents
the cash deposited by the traders ( buyers and sellers ) into a specific bank account under Takung ( the broker s
account ) in order to facilitate the trading shares of the artwork. The buyers are required to have their funds transferred
to the broker s account before the trading take place. Upon the delivery of the shares, the seller will send instructions
to the bank, requesting the amount to be transferred to their personal account. After deducting the commission and the management
fee as per Takung, the bank will transfer the remainder to the seller s personal account. Except for instructing the bank
to deduct the commission and management fee, Takung has no right to manipulate any funds in the broker s account. Restricted
cash amended$16,195,289 and $6,865,821 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Accounts Receivables and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts  

Accounts
receivable are recorded and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts.
We make estimates for the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our assessment of various factors, including historical ,
 experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality
of our customers, current economic conditions, and other factors that may affect customers' ability to pay.  

Prepayment and Other Current Assets  

Prepayment and other current
assets mainly consists of the prepaid service fee for the development and maintenance of online trading system, as well as the
advertising and promotional services. 

Other Non-current Assets  

A portion of the deposits,
are presented under the non-current section of the balance sheets based on the nature of the amounts. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment
are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Gains or losses on dispositions of property and equipment
are included in operating income. Major additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are
expensed as incurred. 

Depreciation and amortization
are provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method from the time the assets are placed
in service. Estimated useful lives are as follows, taking into account the assets' estimated residual value: 

Classification    
     Estimated  useful life  
 
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment    
     5 years  
 
     Leasehold improvements    
     Shorter of the remaining lease terms and the estimated 3 years  
 
     Computer trading and clearing system    
     5 years  

Long-lived Assets  

The Company evaluates
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the Company assesses the recoverability of these long-lived assets by comparing
the carrying amount of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their
eventual disposition. If the future undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Company recognizes
an impairment equal to the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of these assets. 

No impairments were recorded
during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Intangible Assets  

Intangible assets
represent the licensing cost for our trademark registration, Kingdee system and its server. For intangible assets with indefinite
lives, the Company evaluates intangible assets for impairment at least annually and more often whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment loss will be recognized
for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For intangible assets with definite lives, they are amortized
over estimated useful lives, and are reviewed annually for impairment. The Company has not recorded impairment of intangible assets
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Customer deposits  

Customer deposits represent
the cash deposited by the traders ( buyers and sellers ) into a specific bank account under Takung ( the broker s
account ) in order to facilitate the trading ownership units of the artwork. The buyers are required to have their funds
transferred to the broker s account before the trading take place. Customer deposits was $16,195,289 and $6,865,821 as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company generates
revenue from its services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system, primarily consisting of listing
fees, trading commissions, and management fees. 

We recognize revenue once
all of the following criteria have been met:   

persuasive evidence
    of an arrangement exists;   

delivery of our
    obligations to our customer has occurred;   

the price is fixed
    or determinable; and   

collectability of
    the related receivable is reasonably assured   

Listing fee 
-The Company recognizes the listing fee revenue once the ownership shares of the artwork are listed and successfully traded on
our system, based on the agreed percentage of the total offering price. This amount is collected from the money raised from the
issuance of such shares accounted as the listing fee revenue accordingly. When the ownership shares of the artwork is listed and
starts trading on our system, the Original Owner and/or the Offering Agent shall pay us a one-time offering fee and a listing
deposit. The offering fee is determined based on many factors, such as the type of artwork and the offering size. We generally
charge approximately 22.5-47% of the total offering price for calligraphies, paintings and jewelry, which are currently the major
types of artwork listed and traded on our system. Listing fee revenues was $4,834,126 and $1,774,461 for the year ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Commission  -The
Company charges trading commissions for the purchase and sale of the ownership shares of the artworks. The commission is typically
0.3% of the total amount of each transaction, but as an initial promotion, we currently charge a reduced fee of 0.2% (resulting
in an aggregate of 0.4%)of the total transaction amount with the minimum charge of $0.13 (HK$1). The commission is accounted for
as revenue and immediately deducted from the proceeds from the sales of artwork units when a transaction is completed. A discount
program is offered to waive the commission fee for the buyer side transaction during certain promotion periods. Such discount
is recognized as a reduction of the revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized. 

Commission rebate programs
are offered to the traders and service agents. As part of the referral incentive program, the Company would rebate 5% up to 50%
of the commission earned from the transactions of new traders referred by the existing traders. Such commission rebate is recognized
as reduction of the commission revenue. Commission rebated program is also offered to VIP traders , when their trading volumes
of certain artworks reach an agreed level each month, a contractually determined flat rate of trading commission was applied to
the transactions of these certain artworks. Any trading commission charges incurred by the VIP traders over the flat rate would
be waived and deducted from the commission revenue. 

Commission revenue was
$6,145,261 and $2,832,158 (net of applicable rebates and discounts) for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Management fee
 -The Company charges management fees for covering the insurance, storage, and transportation for an artwork and trading management
of artwork units, which are calculated at $0.0013 (HK$0.01) per 100 artwork ownership shares per day. The management fee is accounted
for as revenue, and immediately deducted from the proceeds from the sales of artwork ownership shares when a transaction is completed.
A discount program is offered to waive the management fee during certain promotion periods. Such discount is recognized as a reduction
of the revenue in the same period the related revenue is recognized. Management fee revenue was $115,542 and $113,243 for the
year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Annual fee income 
-The Company charges an annual fee for providing traders with premium services, including more in-depth information and tools,
on the trading platform. This revenue is recognized ratably over the service agreement period. 

Authorized agent subscription
revenue  - The Company charges an authorized agent subscription fee which is an annual service fee paid by authorized agents
to grant them the right to bring their network of artwork owners to list their artwork on our trading platform. This revenue is
recognized ratably over the annual agreement period. 

Cost of Revenue  

Our cost of revenue consists
primarily of expenses associated with the delivery of our service. These include expenses related to the operation of our data
centers, such as facility and lease of the server equipment, development and maintenance of our platform system, as well as the
cost of insurance, storage and transportation of the artworks. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for
income taxes using an asset and liability approach which allows for the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based
upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are
provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future
deductibility is uncertain. 

Under ASC 740, a tax position
is recognized as a benefit only if it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would be sustained in a tax
examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first
step is to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the
resolution of any related appeals or litigations based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure
a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial
statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be
recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet
the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold
is no longer met. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in
the year incurred. GAAP also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosures and transition.  

There are uncertain
tax positions regarding whether the income of Takung should be deemed as the taxable income of Shanghai Takung under the law of
the People's Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax ( EIT ) as of December 31, 2015. Such income will be subject
to EIT with 25% tax rate once it is deemed as the taxable income of Shanghai Takung; otherwise it is subject to Hong Kong's Profits
Tax with 16.5% tax rate. 

The Company currently
recognizes such income as taxable income under Hong Kong's Profits Tax rather than taxable income under EIT, and the Company holds
that it is more-likely-than-not that this tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related
appeals or litigations based on the technical merits of that position. 

The Company did not have
any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in our provision for income taxes line of our consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. The Company does not expect that its assessment regarding
unrecognized tax positions will materially change over the next 12 months.   

Earnings per share  

Basic earnings per share
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings
per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares
outstanding during the year. 

As of December 31, 2015,
there were options which would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share.  

As of December 31, 2014,
there were no options which would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share.  

On August 10, 2015, the
Company affected a 1-for-25 reverse stock split (the  Reverse Spilt ). The principal effect of the Reverse Split was
to decrease the number of outstanding shares of each of the Company s common shares. All shares outstanding for all the
periods have been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split. 

Concentration
of Risks  

Concentration
of credit risk 

Financial instruments
that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash, accounts receivable, prepayment and other current assets. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents and restricted
cash with financial institutions with high-credit ratings and quality. Accounts receivable primarily comprise of amounts receivable
from the trader customers. With respect to the prepayment to service suppliers, the Company performs on-going credit evaluations
of the financial condition of these suppliers. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon estimates,
factors surrounding the credit risk of specific service providers and other information. 

Concentration
of customers 

There are no revenues
from customers that individually represent greater than 10% of the total revenues during the year ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 

Reclassification  

The Company has also reclassified
certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements for 2015, as well as the related comparative amounts for 2014 to conform
to the current year s presentation. The principal reclassifications are related to 1) aggregation of certain deposits, prepayment
and other receivables into prepayment and other current assets and other non-current assets, respectively, on the basis of time
period in which the economic benefits from the asset will flow to the Company. 2) the reclassification of certain general and
administrative expense to selling expense due to the nature of promotion related activities. These reclassification did not have
an impact on reported total assets, liabilities and stockholder s equity. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Revenue Recognition:    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic  606
(ASU 2014-09), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09
is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle
and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required
under existing U.S. GAAP, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration
to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09
is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting
period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective
with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain
additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of our pending adoption of Topic
606. 

Disclosure of Going
Concern Uncertainties  :     In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern (ASU 2014-15), to provide guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial
doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15
is effective for us in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the impact of our pending
adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company s financial statements will be material. 

Financial instrument  :
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
for us on September 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements. 

Leases  :
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-2 ), which provides guidance on lease
amendments to the FASB Accounting should Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in May 1, 2019. We
are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2 on our consolidated financial statements. 

Stock-based Compensation  :    In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09). ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of stock-based awards to
employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification
in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, and earlier adoption is permitted.
We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Financial Instruments
- Credit Losses:   In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): The amendments
in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at
the net amount expected to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its
expected credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates
more timely information in the estimate of expected credit loss, which will be more decision useful to users of the financial
statements. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Statement of Cash
Flows:   In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): The amendments in this Update
apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities that are required to present a statement of
cash flows under Topic 230. The amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues. The
amendments are an improvement to GAAP because they provide guidance for each of the eight issues, thereby reducing the current
and potential future diversity in practice described above. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption
in an interim period. The Company is still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Except for the ASU above,
in the period from January 1, 2016 to October 20, 2016, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-01 through ASU 2016-17, which are not
expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

4. PREPAYMENT AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS  

Prepayment and other current
assets mainly consists of the prepaid service fee for the development and maintenance of online trading system, as well as the
advertising and promotional services. The prepayment was $1,172,405 and $483,609 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property and equipment
consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense was
$343,526 and $217,750 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

6. INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Intangible assets consist
of the Company s trademarks, Kingdee system and its server, with indefinite useful life for trademarks, and definite
useful lives for Kingdee system and its server. The intangible asset was $22,194 and $20,547 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. The amortization expense was $339 and nil for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

7. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLES  

Accrued expenses and other
payables as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 consisted of: 

8. INCOME TAXES  

United States
of America  

As of December 31, 2015
and 2014, the Company in the United States had $900,301 and $109,162 in net operating loss carry forwards available
to offset future taxable income, respectively. Federal net operating losses can generally be carried forward twenty years. 

The Company believes that
it is more likely than not that these net accumulated operating losses will not be utilized in the future. Therefore, the Company
has provided full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets arising from the losses at US during the year ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, amounting to $306,102 and $37,115, respectively. Accordingly, the Company has no net deferred tax assets under
the US entity. 

Hong Kong  

The provision for current
income taxes of the subsidiary operating in Hong Kong has been calculated by applying the current rate of taxation of 16.5% for
the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, if applicable. 

PRC  

In accordance with the
relevant tax laws and regulations of the PRC, a company registered in the PRC is subject to income taxes within the PRC at the
applicable tax rate on taxable income.  All the PRC subsidiaries that are not entitled to any tax holiday were subject to
income tax at a rate of 25% for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

The income tax expense
was $1,282,331 and $312,046 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The income tax provision
consists of the following components:  

A reconciliation between
the Company s actual provision for income taxes and the provision at the statutory rate is as follow: 

The Company's effective
tax rate was 19.1% and 18.6% for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The approximate tax effects
of temporary differences, which give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities, are as follows:   

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Capital Commitments  

The Company purchased
property, plant and equipment which the payment was due within one year. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has capital
commitments of $60,571 and $206,498, respectively. 

Operation Commitments   

The total future minimum
lease payments under the non-cancellable operating lease with respect to the office and the dormitory as of December 31,
2015 are payable as follows:  

Rental expense of the
Company was $459,050 and $259,388 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic earnings per share
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares
outstanding during the period. 

Diluted earnings per share
takes into account the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised
and converted into common stock. 

487,000 restricted shares
of Common Stock (the  Compensation Shares ) related to the Consulting Agreement with Regeneration Capital Group, LLC
( Regeneration ) entered on November 20, 2015. These shares were placed in an escrow account and were subject to Regeneration s
performance condition. There was a dilutive effect of 487,000 shares for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

All shares outstanding
and stock options for all periods reflect Takung s 1-for-25 reverse stock split (the  Reverse Split ), which
was effective on August 10, 2015. The principal effect of the Reverse Split was to decrease the number of outstanding shares of
each of Takung s common shares. All shares outstanding for all the periods have been retroactively restated to reflect the
Reverse Split. 

11. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

On September 17, 2013,
Hong Kong Takung was incorporated with the issuance of 20,000,000 shares, par value $0.13 per share, to the two shareholders,
Kirin Linkage Limited and Loyal Heaven Limited. During July 2015, the Company has received the remaining balance of subscription
receivables, from the shareholders. 

On October 20, 2014,
Cardigant acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong Takung, a privately held Hong Kong corporation, pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement and Hong Kong Takung became the wholly owned subsidiary of Cardigant in a reverse merger, or the
Merger. Pursuant to the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong Takung common stock were converted, at an
exchange ratio of 10.4988-for-1 (209,976,000:20,000,000), into an aggregate of 8,399,040 (209,976,000 pre-reverse split) shares
of Cardigant common stock and Hong Kong Takung became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cardigant. The holders of Cardigant s
common stock as of immediately prior to the Merger held an aggregate of 933,236 (23,330,662 pre-reverse split) shares of Cardigant s
common stock, The accompanying financial statements share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect
the exchange ratio in the Merger. Subsequent to the Merger, Cardigant s name was changed from  Cardigant Medical Inc. 
to  Takung Art Co., Ltd and Subsidiaries . 

On July 7, 2015, the
Board granted 300,000 shares of fully vested common stock to a third party for consulting services. The shares were subsequently
issued on August 28, 2015 and the Company fair valued the shares at grant date and recorded $186,000 as share-based compensation
expense during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company adopted the Chaffe European Put Option Model to measure the fair
value by applying the discount due to the lack of marketability when this transaction took place. The input assumptions used and
resulting fair values of the 300,000 shares were as follows: 

On August 10, 2015, we
filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect
a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-25 (the  Reverse Stock Split ).
Upon filing of the Certificate of Amendment, every twenty-five shares of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock
were automatically converted into one issued and outstanding share of Common Stock, without any change in par value per share.
No fractional shares will be issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive
a fractional share will be entitled to rounding up their fractional shares to the nearest whole number. Prior period consolidated
financial statement is adjusted to reflect the impact of the one-for-twenty five reverse stock split. 

On August 26, 2015, the
2015 Incentive Stock Plan ( 2015 Plan ) was approved by the Board of Directors for rewarding the Company s directors,
executives and selected employees and consultants for making major contributions to the success of the Company. 1,037,000 shares
were registered on August 27, 2015. 

On November 16, 2015,
we entered into various subscription agreements with and sold to the selling stockholders a total of 1,000,000 shares of Common
Stock at a price of $1.58 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,580,000 (the  Private Placements ). The shares
were offered and sold without registration under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder. No commissions
were paid by the Company in connection with the Private Placements. 

On November 20, 2015,
we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Regeneration Capital Group, LLC ( Regeneration ) for the provision of
certain consulting and advisory services, including without limitation, assisting in the preparation of Company financial projections,
business plans, executive summaries and website, and recruiting qualified directors and officers. In consideration for providing
such services, the Company issued to Regeneration 487,000 restricted shares of Common Stock (the  Compensation Shares )
which are placed in an escrow account maintained with the Company s attorneys until either (i) the Company has successfully
listed its securities on the NASDAQ or other U.S. securities exchange on or before December 31, 2016, whereupon the Compensation
Shares shall be forthwith delivered to Regeneration or(ii) if the Company is unsuccessful in listing its securities on the NASDAQ
or other U.S. securities exchange on or before December 31, 2016, the Compensation Shares shall be returned to the Company for
cancellation. Regeneration shall be entitled to  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to the Compensation
Shares. The Compensation Shares were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. The stock based compensation related to this consulting agreement was $128,243 during the year ended December 31, 2015. Pursuant
to ASC 505-50-30, this transaction was measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued as the Company determined
that the fair value of the equity instruments issued in a share-based payment transaction with non employees was more reliably
measurable than the fair value of the consideration received. The Company would measure the fair value of the equity instruments
in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions on the date at which the Regeneration s performance
is complete as there was no performance commitment. The Company recognized (as appropriate relative to the periods and manner
that Company would recognize cash payments under the same arrangement) the cost of the appropriate number of the 487,000 shares
at the current fair value as of December 31,2015, and subsequently each financial reporting date until Regeneration has completed
its performance. 

12. SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

The Company subsequently
granted an aggregate of 431,525 stock options under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan (the  2015 Plan ) during the first
quarter of 2016. 112,925 of the options were granted effective March 30, 2016, 50,000 were granted effective February 29, 2016
and 268,600 were granted effective February 2, 2016. In addition, on March 1, 2016, 7,463 of restricted stock-based awards were
granted. Each of the awards is subject to service-based vesting restrictions. The February 2, 2016 grant included a grant of 50,000
shares to a non-employee who became an employee on March 2, 2016. 

On July 15, 2016, our
Hong Kong subsidiary Takung entered into a loan agreement with Merit Crown Limited, a Hong Kong company to borrow US$1.5 million
to meet its working capital needs ( US Dollar Loan ). Interest shall accrue at a rate of 8% per annum pro-rated to
the actual loan period, which shall be from the date the loan amount is made through December 31, 2016. 

Also on July 15, 2016,
our PRC subsidiary Shanghai Takung entered into an interest- free loan agreement to lend an individual, Xiaohui Wang, a national
of the People s Republic of China RMB10.08 million (equivalent to US$1.5 million) for the same duration as the aforementioned
loan ( RMB Loan ). This loan is guaranteed by Chongqing Wintus (New Star) Enterprises Group and Xiaohui Wang is a
shareholder and the legal representative of it. The majority shareholder of Chongqing Wintus (New Star) Enterprises is the ultimate
beneficial owner of Merit Crown Limited. 

On August 24, 2016, our
Hong Kong subsidiary, Hong Kong Takung entered into a loan agreement with Merit Crown Limited, a Hong Kong company to borrow US$2
million to meet its working capital needs ( US Dollar Loan ). Interest shall accrue at a rate of 8% per annum pro-rated
to the actual loan period, which shall be from the date the loan amount is made through December 31, 2016. 

Also on August 24,
2016, our PRC subsidiary, Shanghai Takung entered into an interest- free loan agreement to lend an individual, Xiaohui Wang, a
national of the People s Republic of China RMB13.35 million (equivalent to US$2 million) for the same duration as the aforementioned
loan ( RMB Loan ). This loan is guaranteed by Chongqing Wintus (New Star) Enterprises Group and Xiaohui Wang is a
shareholder and the legal representative of it. 

The US Dollar Loan
is to provide Hong Kong Takung with sufficient US Dollar-denominated currency to meet its working capital requirements. It is
 secured  by the RMB Loan of equivalent amount by its subsidiary to an individual and guarantor affiliated with the
lender of the US Dollar Loan. It is the understanding between the parties that when the US Loan is repaid, the RMB Loan will similarly
be repaid. Both parties do not have intention to waive or offset the USD Loan and RMB Loan with each other. 

On August 25, 2016, Hong
Kong Takung entered into a loan agreement with Jianping Mao ( Mao ), the wife of the Vice General Manager of Hong
Kong Takung for the loan of HK$18,000,000 to Hong Kong Takung. Interest shall accrue at a rate of 8% per annum pro-rated to the
actual loan period, which shall be from the date the loan amount is made through December 31, 2016. The loan is to provide Hong
Kong Takung with sufficient Hong Kong Dollar-denominated currency to meet its working capital requirements. 

As we have determined
the Hong Kong dollar loan to be a  related party transaction , our Audit Committee has reviewed and recommended for
approval and our Board of Directors has approved the loan on August 22, 2016. 

I     tem
    9.   
       Changes in and
    Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.    

None. 

Item
    9A.   
       Controls and
    Procedures.    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The Company maintains
a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
by the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company's management, including the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision of and with the participation of our management,
which presently comprises our Chief Executive Officer, who is also our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and director.
Because of these multiple roles, it is impossible to fully segregate duties to ensure that all information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commission s rule and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that (i) there continue to be material weaknesses in the Company s internal
controls over financial reporting, that the weaknesses constitute a  deficiency  which could result in misstatements
of the foregoing accounts and disclosures that could result in a material misstatement to the financial statements for the period
covered by this report that would not be detected, and (ii) accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Management s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. The Company s management is also required to assess and report on
the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 ( Section 404 ).  Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of the Company s financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining
records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the Company s financial statements and that receipts and
expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

The Company s management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. In making this assessment,
it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) of 2013 in  Internal
Control Integrated Framework.  This evaluation was conducted by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and director. 

Based on our evaluation,
we determined that, as of December 31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. 

The material weaknesses
we noticed for the year ended December 31, 2015 include (i) lack of accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, (ii) lack of comprehensive accounting policies and
procedures manual in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and (iii) lack of risk assessment process. 

In order to improve the
efficiency of our internal control over financial reporting, we have taken and are implementing the following measures: 

We have planned
    to establish a desired level of corporate governance with regard to identifying and measuring the risk of material misstatement.
    We will also set up a key monitoring mechanism such as independent directors and audit committee to oversee and monitor Company s
    risk management, business strategies and financial reporting procedure.   

We plan to appoint a suitability qualified Chief
    Financial Officer.   

We have planned
    to strengthen our financial team by employing more qualified accountant(s) to enhance the quality of our financial reporting
    function.   

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s registered accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. The management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting   

We regularly review our
system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase
efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as
implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Controls   

Management does not expect
that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures or the Company's internal control over financial reporting will prevent
or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions
and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.  The Company's disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer
have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level. 

Item
    9B.   
       Other Information.    

None. 

PART III  

Item
    10.   
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
    Governance.    

The following are
our officers and directors as of February 17, 2016. Other than Mr. Levinson, our sole officer and other directors reside in the
PRC and Hong Kong and, therefore, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the U.S. upon the latter
or to enforce judgments against them obtained from the United States courts. 

The following table sets
forth certain information concerning our directors and executive officer: 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position    
 
      Di Xiao  
       
      40  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman   
 
      Joseph Levinson  
       
      40  
       
      Director   
 
      William Kwok Keung Tsui  
       
      59  
       
      Director   

The following is a summary
of the biographical information of our directors and officers: 

DI XIAO , the founder
and executive director of the Company, has been in the art investment and consulting industry since 2008. He is familiar with
all forms of art dealings, as well as the trading models and risks in the Chinese art market. He has extensively researched the
evaluation, storage and insurance of artworks. Prior to founding Hong Kong Takung in 2012, he served as the general manager of
Hangzhou LuxTimes Culture and Art Co., Ltd. from March 2009 to January 2013, where he oversaw the general operation. Prior to
that, Mr. Xiao served as a director at FAI electronics Co., Ltd. from August 2003 to December 2008, focusing on marketing. Mr.
Xiao has a bachelor degree from Tianjin University. 

JOSEPH LEVINSON ,
joined the Company s Board of Directors on December 1, 2015. Mr. Levinson has 19 years  experience in managing cross-border
issues pertaining to U.S.-listed foreign companies. He speaks and reads Chinese fluently and has provided due diligence and forensic
accounting services to many U.S.-based funds on their China-based investments, as well as extensive accounting and auditing consulting
for numerous U.S.-listed Chinese companies. Since January 2012, he has been a director of China Xingbang Industry Group Inc.,
a company providing e-commerce related services and marketing consultancy services. Mr. Levinson was a director for China Growth
Corp, a water purification system manufacturer, from March 2011 to March 2014 and formerly a director for China AgriCorp, Inc.,
a soybean producer in China, from April 2011 to September 2011. Mr. Levinson was a director for Energroup Holdings Corp., a pork
producer, from April 2010 to January 2011, a director for China 3C Group, an electronics company in China, from May 2007 to January
2009 and a director for Sino Clean Energy, Inc., a clean coal manufacturer, from April 2011 to May 2011. Mr. Levinson was previously
a Manager in the banking practice of the New York office of Deloitte and Touche and was involved in numerous transactions involving
complex financial structures. Mr. Levinson also previously worked at KPMG in New York and Hong Kong. In the 1990s, Mr. Levinson
served as an executive of Hong Kong Stock Exchange-listed China Strategic Holdings, where his major responsibilities included
its subsidiary, China Tire, one of the first Mainland Chinese companies, to list on the NYSE. He is also the editor of  Wall
Street Guanxi: How Chinese Companies Can Maximize Their Value in the U.S. Capital Markets , a trade paperback published
in Chinese by Beijing University Press in 2007. Mr. Levinson graduated summa cum laude from the University at Buffalo in 1994
with a double major in accounting and finance. Mr. Levinson s track record as a U.S. Certified Public Accountant for 19
years, and his long experience in China were factors viewed favorably by the Board in selecting Mr. Levinson for a directorship.
Specifically, Mr. Levinson s experience as a manager at the  Big 4  firms of Deloitte and Touche, his work as
a U.S. Certified Public Accountant, and his academic achievements were factors in leading to this recommendation. 

WILLIAM KWOK KEUNG
TSUI , joined the Company s Board of Directors on December 1, 2015. Mr. Tsui has extensive experience in trading,
manufacturing, property management and development and corporate finance and management. In 2002, he founded Smith Naturals (China)
Ltd., a subsidiary of Smith Naturals (USA) LLC, a manufacturer of herbal natural supplements and cosmetic products and has been
serving as its Executive Director in charge of marketing since its inception. In 2004, he founded Jewels4Teens (China) Ltd., a
jewelry and fashion accessories company and has been serving as its Executive Director for marketing since its incorporation.
In 1988, he founded Adeble Enterprises Ltd., which introduces high tech food processing machinery to China, and has been the company s
managing director. In 1985, he founded Hua Xing Industrial Ltd. and served as director. He also managed the China Trade department
of Kemklen Industrial Co. Ltd. from 1984 to 1985. Mr. Tsui holds a bachelor s degree in civil engineering from McGill University
in Canada. Mr. Tsui s extensive executive experience in the China-related manufacturing, corporate finance and management
spheres led to our conclusion that he is well qualified to serve as a director of the Board. 

Directors and Officers of Hong Kong Takung  

Di Xiao, our present
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (as of February 17, 2016) and Chairman is also the founder and sole director
and officer (General Manager) of Hong Kong Takung. Under Hong Kong Takung s Articles of Association and Hong Kong law, Hong
Kong Takung is managed by the General Manager who is appointed and supervised by the Board of Directors. A director is appointed
by the stockholders for a term of one year or until the next Annual General Meeting and can be re-elected for consecutive terms. 

Directors and Officers of Shanghai Takung
and Tianjin Takung  

Mr. Zishen Li is the General
Manager of Shanghai Takung and Tianjin Takung. 

Mr. Li has extensive experience
in working in the Chinese art industry since 2009. He is familiar with storage, appraisal and other procedures related to the
trading of artworks. He also has expertise in internet application and online artwork trading. He served as the assistant general
manager of Tianjin Culture and Artwork Exchange Co., Ltd. from 2009 to 2014. Mr. Li was engaged in customer service related work
at WuXiAppTec (NYSE: WX) from 2006 to 2008. He graduated from Zhejiang University of Technology with a Bachelor of Science degree
in 2006, and completed the postgraduate studies in industrial economics at Nankai University in 2013. 

Mr. Li has been a Vice
President of Hong Kong Takung since March 1, 2015. He was subsequently appointed as the General Manager of Shanghai Takung with
effect from July 28, 2015. The employment with Mr. Li can be terminated by either party by giving at least one month notice. Mr.
Li reports to Mr. Di Xiao, the CEO of Takung Art Co., Ltd. 

Term of Office  

Our directors hold their
positions until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successor is elected and qualified by our stockholders,
or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. 

Director Qualifications  

Directors are responsible
for overseeing the Company s business consistent with their fiduciary duty to the stockholders. This significant responsibility
requires highly-skilled individuals with various qualities, attributes and professional experience. Our Board believes that there
are general requirements for service on the Board that are applicable to directors and that there are other skills and experience
that should be represented on the Board as a whole but not necessarily by each director. The Board considers the qualifications
of director and director candidates individually and in the broader context of the Board s overall composition and the Company s
current and future needs. 

Qualifications for All Directors   

In its assessment of each
potential candidate, including those recommended by the stockholders, the Board will consider the nominee s judgment, integrity,
experience, independence, understanding of the Company s business or other related industries and such other factors it
determines are pertinent in light of the current needs of the Board. The Board also takes into account the ability of a director
to devote the time and effort necessary to fulfill his or her responsibilities to the Company. 

The Board requires that
each director be a recognized person of high integrity with a proven record of success in his or her field. Each director must
demonstrate innovative thinking, familiarity with and respect for corporate governance requirements and practices, an appreciation
of multiple cultures and a commitment to sustainability and to dealing responsibly with social issues. In addition to the qualifications
required of all directors, the Board conducts interviews of potential director candidates to assess intangible qualities including
the individual s ability to ask difficult questions and, simultaneously, to work collegially. 

Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and
Experience to be Represented on the Board as a Whole   

The Board has identified
particular qualifications, attributes, skills and experience that are important to be represented on the board as a whole, in
light of the Company s current needs and its business priorities. The Board believes that it should include some directors
with a high level of financial literacy and some directors who possess relevant business experience as a Chief Executive Officer
or a President or like position. Marketing is the core focus of our business and the Company seeks to develop and deploy the world s
most innovative and effective marketing and technology. Therefore, the Board believes that marketing and technology experience
should be represented on the Board. The Company is involved in the on-line trading business in Hong Kong and the PRC.  Therefore
the Company s business also requires compliance with a variety of regulatory requirements and relationships with various
governmental entities. Therefore, the board believes that governmental, political or diplomatic expertise should be represented
on the Board. 

Set forth below are a
chart and a narrative disclosure that summarize the specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences described above.
An  X  in the chart below indicates that the item is a specific reason that the director has been nominated to serve
on the Company s Board.  The lack of an  X  for a particular qualification does not mean that the director
does not possess that qualification or skill.  Rather, an  X  indicates a specific area of focus or expertise
of a director on which the board currently relies. 

Di Xiao  
       
      William Tsui  
       
      Joseph Levinson   
 
      High level of financial literacy  

X  
       
      X   
 
      Extensive knowledge of the Company s business  
       
      X  

Marketing/Marketing related technology experience  
       
      X  
       
      X  

Relevant Chief Executive/President or like experience  
       
      X  
       
      X  
       
      X   
 
      Corporate Governance expertise  

X   

Di Xiao  

Extensive knowledge
of the Company s business/Marketing/Marketing related technology    Mr. Xiao is the founder and executive director
of the Company and has been in the art investment and consulting industry since 2008. He is familiar with all forms of art dealings,
as well as the trading models and risks in the Chinese art market. He has extensively researched the evaluation, storage and insurance
of artworks. Prior to founding Takung in 2012, he served as the general manager of Hangzhou LuxTimes Culture and Art Co., Ltd.
from March 2009 to January 2013, where he oversaw the general operation. 

Relevant Chief Executive/President
or like experience  -Prior to founding Hong Kong Takung in 2012, he served as the general manager of Hangzhou LuxTimes Culture
and Art Co., Ltd. from March 2009 to January 2013, where he oversaw the general operation. 

Joseph Levinson  

High level of financial
literacy    Mr. Levinson has provided due diligence and forensic accounting services to many U.S.-based funds on their
China-based investments, as well as extensive accounting and auditing consulting for numerous U.S.-listed Chinese companies. Mr.
Levinson was previously a Manager in the banking practice of the New York office of Deloitte and Touche and was involved in numerous
transactions involving complex financial structures. Mr. Levinson also previously worked at KPMG in New York and Hong Kong. Mr.
Levinson graduated summa cum laude from the University at Buffalo in 1994 with a double major in accounting and finance. Mr. Levinson s
track record as a U.S. Certified Public Accountant for 19 years, and his long experience in China were factors viewed favorably
by the Board in selecting Mr. Levinson for a directorship. Specifically, Mr. Levinson s experience as a manager at the  Big
4  firms of Deloitte and Touche, his work as a U.S. Certified Public Accountant, and his academic achievements were factors
in leading to this recommendation. 

William Kwok Keung Tsui  

High level of financial
literacy/ Relevant Chief Executive/President or like experience    Mr. Tsui has, amongst many things, extensive experience
in corporate finance. He has founded numerous companies and continue to assume an executive role in many of them. 

Marketing/Marketing
related technology experience  - In 2002, Mr. Tsui founded Smith Naturals (China) Ltd., a subsidiary of Smith Naturals (USA)
LLC, a manufacturer of herbal natural supplements and cosmetic products and has been serving as its Executive Director in charge
of marketing since its inception. In 2004, he founded Jewels4Teens (China) Ltd., a jewelry and fashion accessories company and
has been serving as its Executive Director for marketing since its incorporation. 

Save as otherwise reported
above, none of our directors hold directorships in other reporting companies. 

There are no family relationships
among our directors or officers. 

Directors or Executive Officers involved
in Bankruptcy or Criminal Proceedings  

To our knowledge, during
the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had a bankruptcy
    petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
    of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time.   

Been convicted in
    a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses.   

Been subject to
    any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
    or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
    banking activities.   

Been found by a
    court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
    a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.   

Been the subject
    to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
    any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over
    its members or persons associated with a member.   

Board Committees  

Audit Committee .
We intend to establish an audit committee of the Board which will consist of soon to be nominated independent directors. The audit
committee s duties will be to recommend to the Board the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial statements
and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual
audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their
recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively
of directors who are, in the opinion of the Board, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Audit Committee
Financial Expert . The Board currently acts as our audit committee. The Board is still in the process of finding an  audit
committee financial expert  as defined in Regulation S-K and directors that are  independent  as that term is
used in Section 10A of the Exchange Act. 

Compensation Committee .
We intend to establish a compensation committee of the Board. The compensation committee will review and approve our salary and
benefits policies, including compensation of executive officers. 

Nominating Committee .
We do not presently have a nominating committee. Our Board of directors currently acts as our nominating committee. 

Material Changes to the Procedures by which
Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Board of Directors  

There have been no material
changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and also to other employees. 

The Board held seven meetings during the fiscal
year of 2015. 

The meetings include meetings
that were held by means of a conference telephone call, but do not include actions taken by unanimous written consent, which amounted
to one such action. 

Our sole director, Mr.
Di Xiao, (until December 1, 2015) attended 100% of the total number of meetings of the board and those committees on which he
served during the year. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in
Risk Oversight  

Mr. Di Xiao is the
Company s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (as of February 17, 2016). We have two independent
directors. The Board believes that the Company s chief executive officer is best situated to serve as Chairman of the Board
because he is the director most familiar with our business and industry and the director most capable of identifying strategic
priorities and executing our business strategy. In addition, having a single leader eliminates the potential for confusion and
provides clear leadership for the Company. We believe that this leadership structure has served the Company well. The Board s
role in the risk oversight of the Company includes, among other things: 

appointing, retaining
    and overseeing the work of the independent auditors, including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent
    auditors relating to financial reporting;   

approving all auditing
    and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;   

reviewing annually
    the independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors;   

reviewing and approving
    all proposed related party transactions;   

discussing the annual
    audited financial statements with the management; and   

meeting separately
    with the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls,
    the auditor s engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent
    auditors and the management.   

Our Board of Directors
is responsible to approve all related party transactions. We have not adopted written policies and procedures specifically for
related person transactions. 

Limitations on Liability  

Article VI of our Bylaws
limits the liability of our directors, officers and employees to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our
directors and officers may not be personally liable for monetary damages regarding their duties as directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning
their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors
and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish our Company with copies of all Section 16(a)
reports they file. 

Based solely on our review
of the copies of such reports received by us and on written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance
with the applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015, our officers and directors, and all of the persons known to us to own more than 10% of our Common
Stock, filed all required reports on a timely basis. 

Item
    11.   
       Executive Compensation.    

The following table sets
forth information with respect to the compensation of each of the named executive officers for services provided in all capacities
to Takung Art Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries, HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd and Takung (Shanghai)
Co., Ltd in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 in their capacity as such officers. Mr. Di Xiao, our present chief
executive officer and chief financial officer and director, and Mr. Jerett A. Creed, our former chief executive officer, chief
financial officer and director received no additional compensation for their services as director. No other executive officer
or former executive officer received more than $100,000 in compensation in the fiscal years reported. 

Summary Compensation Table  

(1)    In
connection with the Reverse Merger, Di Xiao was appointed as our new Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director
effective from October 20, 2014. He also received a bonus of $46,424 (HK$360,000) for the year 2014. For the year ended December
31, 2015, Mr. Xiao received an apportioned salary of $37,161.72 and an apportioned bonus of $4,645.22. His compensation is apportioned
between Takung Art Co., Ltd and its subsidiary, HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd to reflect the
time he spends on the affairs of both entities. 

(2)    Jerett
A. Creed was our former Chief Executive Officer and director until his resignation on October 20, 2014 in connection with the
Reverse Merger. 

Employment Agreements  

Our former CEO, Mr. Creed's
employment agreement provided an annual compensation of $120,000 per year. Additionally the agreement provided for 5% accrued
annual interest on the outstanding principle balance for any funds advanced to us or unreimbursed by us from the employee for
recognized business expenses. The employment agreement with Mr. Creed was terminated upon his resignation from all positions he
held with us on October 20, 2014. 

Operating Subsidiary Executive Compensation
Summary  

The
table below sets forth the positions and compensations for the sole officer and director of Hong Kong Takung for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

(2)  
      Mr. Xiao s
    monthly compensation was adjusted to $10,322.71 (HK$80,000) per his employment agreement with Hong Kong Takung dated June
    1, 2014. His compensation is apportioned between Takung Art Co., Ltd and its subsidiary, HongKong Takung Assets and Equity
    of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd to reflect the time he spends on the affairs of both entities.   

Operating Subsidiary Employment Agreements  

Mr. Xiao entered into
an employment agreement with Hong Kong Takung on June 1, 2014 whereby he agreed to serve as Hong Kong Takung s General Manager
and Managing Director. Pursuant to such employment agreement, Mr. Xiao is entitled to a monthly salary of $10,322.71 (HK$80.000),
which will be reviewed annually in January. The employment agreement may be terminated by either party upon one month s
advance notice. 

Mr. Li has been a Vice
President of Hong Kong Takung since March 1, 2015. He was subsequently appointed as the General Manager of Shanghai Takung and
Tianjin Takung with effect from July 28, 2015 and January 27, 2016 respectively. The employment with Mr. Li can be terminated
by either party by giving at least one month notice. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis  

We strive to provide our
named executive officers (as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K) with a competitive base salary that is in line with their
roles and responsibilities when compared to peer companies of comparable size in similar locations. 

It is not uncommon for
Hong Kong private companies to have base salaries as the sole form of compensation. The base salary level is established and reviewed
based on the level of responsibilities, the experience and tenure of the individual and the current and potential contributions
of the individual. The base salary is compared to the list of similar positions within comparable peer companies and consideration
is given to the executive s relative experience in his or her position. Base salaries are reviewed periodically and at the
time of promotion or other changes in responsibilities. 

We will consider forming
a compensation committee to oversee the compensation of our named executive officers. The majority of the members of the compensation
committee would be independent directors. 

Compensation of Directors  

The following table sets
forth the compensation received by our directors in fiscal year of 2015 in their capacity as directors. 

Name  and  Principal  Position    
     Fee  earned or  paid in  Cash ($)       
     Stock  Awards 
    ($)       
     Option  Awards 
    ($)       
     Non-equity  Incentive
    Plan  Compensation  ($)       
     Change in  Pension Value  and  Nonqualified 
    Deferred  Compensation  Earnings ($)       
     All Other  Compensation  ($)       
     Total ($)     
 
     Di Xiao   Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director (1)    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     

Joseph Levinson   Director (2)    
     $  3,333.33       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
     $  3,333.33     

William Kwok Keung Tsui (2)    
     $  3,333.33       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
     $  3,333.33     

(1)  
      Mr. Di Xiao receives
    no compensation for his services as director.   

(2)  
      Messers. Joseph
    Levinson and William Kwok Keung Tsui joined the Company as its directors on December 1, 2015. Pursuant to their offer letters,
    they will be eligible to participate in the Company s non-executive director compensation program, under which they
    will receive an annual cash compensation of $40,000 (payable quarterly in advance on the first business day of each calendar
    quarter) for serving as a director and an additional $10,000 cash payment if they serve as the chairman of the Board committees.
    They will also be entitled to receive 5,000 restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company every year, which shares will
    vest in four equal quarterly installments. The Company will reimburse their reasonable and properly documented expenses in
    connection with the performance of their responsibilities.   

Option Grants Table  

There are no individual
grants or stock options to purchase our Common Stock made to the executive officers named in the Executive Compensation Table
through the date of this Annual Report. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

There were no options outstanding as of December
31, 2015. 

Aggregated Option Exercises and Fiscal
Year-End Option Value Table  

There were no stock options
exercised during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP )
Awards Table  

There were no awards made
in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP. 

Pension and Retirement Plans  

Currently, except for
contributions to the PRC government-mandated social security retirement endowment fund for those employees who have not waived
their coverage, we do not offer any annuity, pension or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors or employees.
There are also no compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to any individual named above which results or will result from
the resignation, retirement or any other termination of employment with our company, or from a change in our control. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

The following table sets
forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or group owning
more than 5% of any class of voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and (iv) all executive officers
and directors as a group as of February 16, 2016. 

Unless otherwise indicated
in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person s
address is c/o Takung Art Co., Ltd, Flat/RM 03-04 20/F Hutchison House 10 Harcourt Road, Central, Hong Kong. 

Name and Address   
       
       Title of Class   
       
       Number of Shares   
      Beneficially Owned (1)   

Percentage Ownership of   
      Shares of Common Stock   

Owner of more than 5% of Class   

Yan Sun (3)   
     1-4-901, Tianyang Place, Beicang Town, Beichen District, Tianjin, PRC  
       
      Common Stock  

3,732,907  

33.6  
      %   

Directors and Officers   

Di Xiao (2)(3)  
       
      Common Stock  

92,390  

*  

Joseph Levinson (4)  
       
      Common Stock  

-  

-  

William Kwok Keung Tsui (4)  
       
      Common stock  

-  

-  

All Officers and Directors (five persons)   

92,390  

*  

* Less than one percent (1%) of the issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of February 16, 2016. 

(1)  
      In determining beneficial
    ownership of our Common Stock as of a given date, the number of shares shown includes shares of Common Stock which may be
    acquired on exercise of warrants or options or conversion of convertible securities within 60 days of that date. In determining
    the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity on February 16, 2016, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of
    the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of
    warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of
    Common Stock outstanding on February 16, 2016 (11,119,276), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner
    may acquire upon conversion of the preferred stock and on exercise of the warrants and options, subject to limitations on
    conversion and exercise. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares.   

(2)  
      In connection with
    the Reverse Merger, Di Xiao was appointed as our new Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director effective
    from October 20, 2014.   

(3)  
      On October 20, 2014,
    we acquired Hong Kong Takung in a Reverse Merger transaction involving Kirin Linkage Limited and Loyal Heaven Limited, shareholders
    of Hong Kong Takung. In consideration of receiving all 20,000,000 issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong Takung, we issued
    to Kirin Linkage Limited and Loyal Heaven Limited 41,995,200 and 167,980,800 pre Reverse Stock Split shares of restricted
    Common Stock respectively.   Kirin Linkage Limited, a Cayman Islands company had four stockholders, namely AihuaTian,
    Caijing Zhao, Yue Zhang and Di Xiao, each holding equal shares of Kirin Linkage Limited. Accordingly, each shareholder of
    Kirin Linkage Limited had sole investment and voting power over shares owned by Kirin Linkage Limited in the proportion to
    their respective shareholdings in Kirin Linkage Limited. On or about August 12, 2015, Kirin Linkage Limited transferred its
    shareholdings in the Company to five (5) individuals who were its shareholders. Di Xiao, one of the recipients of these shares,
    received 92, 390 post Reverse Stock Split shares. None of the other transferees hold more than five per cent (5%) of the Company s
    issued and outstanding shares. Similarly, on or about August 12, 2015, Loyal Heaven Limited transferred all its shares in
    the Company to eight (8) individuals who were its shareholders, of whom only Yan Sun holds more than five per cent (5%) of
    the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. Each of the aforementioned stockholders has sole investment
    and voting power over their respective shares of Common Stock in the Company.   

(4)  
      Both Joseph Levinson
    and William Kwok Keung Tsui were appointed directors of the Company on December 1, 2015. Pursuant to their offer letters,
    the new directors will, apart from their cash compensation, be entitled to receive 5,000 restricted shares of common stock
    of the Company every year, which shares will vest in four equal quarterly installments. As of December 23, 2015, none of these
    shares have been issued or vested.   

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

Except for the ownership
of our securities, and except as set forth below, none of the directors, executive officers, holders of more than five percent
of our outstanding Common Stock, or any member of the immediate family of any such person have, to our knowledge, had a material
interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction or proposed transaction which may materially affect our company. 

Pursuant to Section 3.1
and 3.2 of the employment agreement with our former CEO, Mr. Jerett Creed dated April 22, 2009, loans to the Company may be made
by Mr. Creed from time to time for general working capital purposes and the terms of any loans are to be covered by a separate
loan agreement. If insufficient cash is available to reimburse Mr. Creed for necessary and reasonable expenses, interest shall
accrue at 5% annually on such amounts. Mr. Creed may also elect at his sole discretion the option of converting any outstanding
salary balance to equity at a conversion price to be determined by the Company. 

On November 20, 2015,
we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Regeneration Capital Group, LLC for the provision of certain consulting and advisory
services, including without limitation, assisting in the preparation of Company financial projections, business plans, executive
summaries and website, and recruiting qualified directors and officers. In consideration for providing such services, the Company
issued to Capital Group, LLC 487,000 restricted shares of Common Stock (the  Compensation Shares ) which are placed
in an escrow account maintained with the Company s attorneys until either (i) the Company has successfully listed its securities
on the NASDAQ or other U.S. securities exchange on or before December 31, 2016, whereupon the Compensation Shares shall be forthwith
delivered to Regeneration or (ii) if the Company is unsuccessful in listing its securities on the NASDAQ or other U.S. securities
exchange on or before December 31, 2016, the Compensation Shares shall be returned to the Company for cancellation. Regeneration
Capital Group, LLC shall be entitled to  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to the Compensation Shares. 

Other Related Transactions of Hong Kong Operating Entity
and Shanghai Operating Entity   

Related Transactions Prior to Reverse-Merger  

Except as disclosed above,
no executive officer, director or any member of these individuals  immediate families, any corporation or organization with
whom any of these individuals is an affiliate or any trust or estate in which any of these individuals serve as a trustee or in
a similar capacity or has a substantial beneficial interest in is or has been indebted to us at any time since the beginning of
our fiscal year 2014.    

Procedures for Approval of Related Party
Transactions  

Our Board of directors
is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then
be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions,
but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. 

Director Independence  

Except as reported
above, our sole officer and director, Mr. Di Xiao does not hold any directorships in other reporting companies and does not qualify
as an  independent director  under the NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Mr. Joseph Levinson, and Mr. William Kwok Keung
Tsui however qualify as independent directors under the NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services.  

Due to the partner rotation
rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Partner Rotation
Rules ) which limit the lead audit partner s audit services to a term of five years, we accepted the resignation of
Jonathon P. Reuben, An Accountancy Corporation ( Reuben ) and approved the appointment of Farber Hass Hurley LLP ( Farber )
to serve as the our independent registered accounting firm effective May 1, 2014. 

On
October 20, 2014, in connection with the Reverse Merger, we dismissed Farber as our independent registered public accounting firm
and on the same day, we appointed AWC (CPA) Limited (formerly, Albert Wong   Co., CPA), an independent registered public accounting
firm which is registered with, and governed by the rules of, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as our new independent
registered public accounting firm. 

On April 26, 2016, Marcum
LLP ( Marcum ) was appointed as the new independent registered public accounting firm for Takung Art Co., Ltd (the
 Company ). The decision to appoint Marcum was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors.
Prior to engaging Marcum on April 26, 2016, the Company has not consulted Marcum regarding the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction, completed or proposed, the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements
or a reportable event, nor did the Company consult with Marcum regarding any disagreements with the Company s prior auditor
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope of procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of the prior auditor, would have caused it to make a reference to the subject matter of the
disagreements in connection with its reports. 

Simultaneously with the
appointment of Marcum, on April 26, 2016, AWC (CPA) Limited ( AWC ) was terminated as the independent registered public
accounting firm for the Company. The decision to change audit firms from AWC to Marcum was approved by the Audit Committee of
the Company s Board of Directors. 

Audit Fees   

We
did not incur any fees for Reuben for the integrated audit of the Company for fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. 

We incurred approximately
$3,325 for professional services rendered by Farber for the review of our quarterly reports for the quarters ended June 30, 2014
and current report for the reverse merger. 

We incurred approximately
$89,808 for professional services rendered by AWC (CPA) Limited for the review of our annual reports for the year ended December
31, 2014, current report for the reverse merger. 

We incurred approximately
$85,000 for professional services rendered by our registered independent public accounting firm of AWC (CPA) Limited for the integrated
audit of the Company for 2015. 

We incurred approximately
$200,000 for professional services rendered by our registered independent public accounting firm of Marcum Bernstein   Pinchuk
LLP for the re-audit of the Company for the years ended 2014 and 2015. 

Audit-Related Fees   

We did not incur any audit-related
fees in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Tax Fees   

We did not incur any tax
fees in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

All Other Fees   

We did not incur any fees
from our registered independent public accounting firm for services other than the services covered in  Audit Fees 
in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  

The Board of Directors
pre-approves all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor and the fees to be paid in connection
with such services in order to assure that the provision of such services does not impair the auditor s independence. 

PART IV   

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  

Exhibit
       
      Number   
       
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation
    (1)   
 
      3.2  
       
      Bylaws (1)   
 
      3.3  
       
      Certificate of Amendment
    of the Certificate of Incorporation (1)   
 
      3.4  
       
      Certificate of Amendment
    of the Certificate of Incorporation (1)   
 
      3.5  
       
      Certificate of Amendment
    (2)   
 
      3.6  
       
      Certificate of Amendment
    (3)   
 
      3.7  
       
      Certificate of Amendment
    (5)   
 
      3.8  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation
    of HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd.(4)   
 
      3.9  
       
      Articles of Association
    of HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd.(4)   
 
      4.1  
       
      Takung Art Co.,
    Ltd 2015 Incentive Stock Plan (6)   
 
      10.1  
       
      Share Exchange Agreement
    dated September 23, 2014, by and among Cardigant Medical Inc., HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd.,
    and the shareholders of HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd.(4)   
 
      10.2  
       
      Tenancy Agreement
    with Hongville Limited (4)   
 
      10.3  
       
      Co-Owner Agreement
    (4)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Provisional Rules
    Governing the Trading in Artwork Units (4)   
 
      10.5  
       
      Provisional Rules
    Governing the Offering and Listing of Artwork Units(4)   
 
      10.6  
       
      Market Entry Agreement
    of Traders (4)   
 
      10.7  
       
      Provisional Administrative
    Measures Governing the Registration and Clearing of Artwork Units(4)   
 
      10.8  
       
      Order Form with
    China Telecom Global Limited(4)   
 
      10.9  
       
      Employment Letter,
    dated June 1, 2014, by and between HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd. and Di Xiao(4)   
 
      10.10  
       
      Cooperation Agreement
    for Bank-Dealer Payment Services, dated August 20, 2013, by and between Wing Lung Bank Ltd. and HongKong Takung Assets and
    Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd (4)   
 
      10.11  
       
      Agreement of Funds
    Transfer Services, dated June 25, 2014, by and between China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Branch and HongKong Takung
    Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd (4)   
 
      10.12  
       
      Internet and SMS
    Marketing Services Agreement between HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd and Shenzhen Qianrong
    Cultural Investment Development Co., Ltd (7)   
 
      10.13  
       
      Print Media Promotion
    Services Agreement between HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd and Shenzhen Qianrong Cultural
    Investment Development Co., Ltd (7)   
 
      10.14  
       
      Trader Promotion
    Services Agreement between HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd and Shenzhen Qianrong Cultural
    Investment Development Co., Ltd (7)   
 
      10.15  
       
      Software Development
    Agreement between HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd and Shenzhen Qianrong Cultural Investment
    Development Co., Ltd (7)   
 
      10.16  
       
      Subscription Agreement
    (8)   
 
      10.17  
       
      Consulting Agreement
    between the Company and Regeneration Capital Group, LLC dated November 20, 2015 (9)   
 
      10.18  
       
      Software Development
    Agreement dated August 1, 2015, between HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Qianrong
    Cultural Investment Development Co., Ltd.(10)   
 
      16.1  
       
      Letter from Farber
    Hass Hurley LLP (4)   

21.1  
       
      List of Subsidiaries *   
 
      23.1  
       
      Consent of Independent
    Registered Public Accounting Firm.*   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of
    Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of
    Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of
    the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.**   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of
    the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.**   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document*   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Schema Document*   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Calculation
    Linkbase Document*   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase Document*   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Label
    Linkbase Document*   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Presentation
    Linkbase Document*   

(1)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 16, 2011.   

(2)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2013.   

(3)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2014.   

(4)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 22, 2014.   

(6)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our registration statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015.   

(7)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibits to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2015.   

(8)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 17, 2015.   

(9)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2015.   

(10)  
      Incorporated herein
    by reference to the exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 25, 2015.   

*  Filed herewith 

**  Furnish herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD    

November 7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Di Xiao   

Di Xiao   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/ Di Xiao  
       
      Chief Executive Officer  
       
      November 7, 2016   
 
      Di  Xiao  
       
      Chairman of the Board of Directors  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Leslie Chow  
       
      Chief Financial Officer  
       
      November 7, 2016   
 
      Leslie Chow  
       
      (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

/s/Joseph Levinson  
       
      Director  
       
      November 7, 2016   
 
      Joseph Levinson  

/s/ William Kwok Keung Tsui  
       
      Director  
       
      November 7, 2016   
 
      William Kwok Keung Tsui  

/s/ John Levy  
       
      Director  
       
      November 7, 2016   
 
      John Levy  

/s/ Zishen Li  
       
      Director  
       
      November 7, 2016   
 
      Zishen Li  

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v452209_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1   

HongKong Takung Assets and Equity of Artworks Exchange Co.,
Ltd ( Hong Kong Takung ) 

Takung (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Takung ) 

Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd ( Tianjin
Takung ) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v452209_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Di Xiao, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed
this Amendment No. 1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Takung Art Co., Ltd; 

2.  Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this  report; 

4.  The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this  report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed
such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)  Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to  adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)  Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Di Xiao   

Di Xiao, Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v452209_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Leslie Chow, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed
this Amendment No. 1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Takung Art Co., Ltd: 

2.  Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.  The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this  report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed
such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)  Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to  adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)  Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Leslie Chow   

Leslie Chow, Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v452209_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Takung Art Co., Ltd. (the  Company ) for the period ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Di Xiao, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Di Xiao  
      Date: November 7, 2016   
 
      Di Xiao, Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v452209_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of Takung Art Co., Ltd. (the  Company ) for the period ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Leslie Chow, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Leslie Chow  
      Date: November 7, 2016   
 
      Leslie Chow, Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 tkat-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 tkat-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 tkat-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 tkat-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 tkat-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 tkat-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

