<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1176316_0001144204-16-132815_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14084761</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146627</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>476389</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4966032</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6655827</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1538457</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>113</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132815.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109162927
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132815
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACCESS NATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001176316
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				820545425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49929
		FILM NUMBER:		161984610

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14006 LEE JACKSON MEMORIAL HWY
		CITY:			CHANTILY
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7038712100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14006 LEE JACKSON MEMORIAL HWY
		CITY:			CHANTILY
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20151

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132815.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v452239_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.
20549  

FORM 10-Q   

 (Mark One) 

x       Quarterly
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934    

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016 

or 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the transition
period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File
Number: 000-49929  

ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION   

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Virginia    
        82-0545425     
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
      Identification
    No.)   

1800 Robert
Fulton Drive, Suite 300, Reston, Virginia 20191   

 (Address of principal
executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(703) 871-2100   

 (Registrant s telephone
number, including area code) 

N/A   
 
      (Former
    name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x
  No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated
    filer   x   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer      
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller
    reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
  No   x  

The number of shares outstanding of Access National Corporation s
common stock, par value $0.835, as of November 7, 2016 was 10,610,279 shares. 

Table of Contents   

  ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION  

  FORM 10-Q  

INDEX  

PART
    I    
         FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item
    1.  
       Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Consolidated Balance Sheets, September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      Page
    2   

Consolidated Statements of Income, three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      Page
    3   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      Page
    4   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity, nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      Page
    5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      Page
    6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      Page
    7   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      Page
    37   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      Page
    53   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      Page
    54   

PART
    II    
         OTHER INFORMATION     

Item
    1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      Page
    55   
 
      Item
    1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      Page
    55   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      Page
    58   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      Page
    58   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      Page
    58   
 
      Item
    5.  
       Other Information   
      Page
    58   
 
      Item
    6.  
       Exhibits   
      Page
    59   

Signatures   
      Page
    60   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION  

  Consolidated Balance
Sheets  

 (In Thousands, Except
for Share and Per Share Data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
(unaudited). 

ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION  

  Consolidated Statements
of Income  

 (In Thousands, Except
for Share and Per Share Data) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
(unaudited). 

ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION  

  Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income  

 (In Thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
(unaudited). 

ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION  

  Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Shareholders  Equity  

 (In Thousands, Except
for Share and Per Share Data) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
(unaudited). 

ACCESS NATIONAL
CORPORATION  

  Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows  

 (In Thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
(unaudited). 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Access National Corporation (the  Corporation )
is a bank holding company incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Corporation owns all of the stock of
its subsidiary, Access National Bank (the  Bank ), which is an independent commercial bank chartered under federal
laws as a national banking association. The Bank has three active wholly owned subsidiaries: Access Real Estate LLC ( Access
Real Estate ), a real estate company; ACME Real Estate LLC, a real estate holding company of foreclosed property; and Access
Capital Management Holding LLC ( ACM ), a holding company for Capital Fiduciary Advisors, L.L.C., Access Investment
Services, L.L.C., and Access Insurance Group, L.L.C. 

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and with rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).
The statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. All adjustments
have been made which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods
presented. Such adjustments are all of a normal and recurring nature. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the entire year ending December 31, 2016. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the Corporation s audited financial statements and the notes thereto as of December 31, 2015, included in the Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Corporation has evaluated subsequent events for potential
recognition and/or disclosure in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q through the date these consolidated financial statements were
issued. 

NOTE 2   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS   

During the first nine months of 2016,
the Corporation granted 122,050 stock options to officers, directors, and employees under the 2009 Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ).
Options granted under the Plan have an exercise price equal to the fair market value as of the grant date. Options granted vest
over various periods ranging from two and one-half years to four years and expire one year after the full vesting date. Stock based
compensation expense recognized in other operating expense during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 was $251 thousand and
$256 thousand, respectively. The fair value of options is estimated on the date of grant using a Black Scholes option-pricing
model with the assumptions noted below. 

The total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested share based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan as of September 30, 2016 was $605,953.
The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.25 years. 

NOTE 2   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (continued)   

A summary of stock option activity
under the Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented as follows: 

NOTE 3   SECURITIES   

The following table provides the amortized cost and fair value
for the categories of available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
Held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost, which reflects historical cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts. Available-for-sale securities are carried at estimated fair value with net unrealized gains or losses
reported on an after tax basis as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders  equity. The estimated
fair value of available-for-sale securities is impacted by interest rates, credit spreads, market volatility, and liquidity. 

NOTE 3   SECURITIES (continued)   

NOTE 3   SECURITIES (continued)   

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available-for-sale
and held-to-maturity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities
may differ from contractual maturities because some of the securities may be called or prepaid without any penalties. 

The estimated fair value of securities pledged to secure public
funds, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, credit lines with the Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB ), and debtor-in-possession
accounts amounted to $170.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $147.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 3   SECURITIES (continued)   

Securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity that had
an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The Corporation evaluates securities for other than temporary
impairment ( OTTI ) on a quarterly basis and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such evaluation.
Consideration is given to various factors in determining whether the Corporation anticipates a recovery in fair value such as:
the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, and the financial condition and underlying credit
quality of the issuer. When analyzing an issuer s financial condition, the Corporation may consider whether the securities
are issued by the federal government or its agencies, the sector or industry trends affecting the issuer, and whether any recent
downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred. 

NOTE 3   SECURITIES (continued)   

Mortgage backed securities  

 The Corporation s unrealized losses on mortgage backed
securities were caused by interest rate fluctuations. At September 30, 2016, nineteen securities had unrealized losses of $368
thousand. As these securities are Ginnie Mae and government sponsored entity securities backed by the United States Government,
the Corporation s intent to hold these securities until a market price recovery or maturity, and the determination that
it is more likely than not that the Corporation will not be required to sell these securities before their anticipated recoveries,
the Corporation does not consider these investments other than temporarily impaired. 

Asset backed securities  

 The Corporation s unrealized losses on its asset backed
securities were caused by interest rate fluctuations. At September 30, 2016, four securities had unrealized losses of $194 thousand.
Based on the credit quality of the issuers, the Corporation s intent to hold these securities until a market price recovery,
and the determination that it is more likely than not that the Corporation will not be required to sell the securities before
their anticipated recovery, the Corporation does not consider these investments other than temporarily impaired. 

Mutual fund  

 The Corporation s unrealized loss on its mutual fund
investment was caused by interest rate fluctuations. At September 30, 2016, this one security had an unrealized loss of $75 thousand.
Based on the credit quality of the issuer, the Corporation s intent to hold this security until a market price recovery,
and the determination that it is more likely than not that the Corporation will not be required to sell this security before its
anticipated recovery, the Corporation does not consider this investment other than temporarily impaired. 

Municipal  

 The Corporation s unrealized losses on its municipal
investments were caused by interest rate fluctuations. At September 30, 2016, eleven available-for-sale municipal investments
had unrealized losses of $157 thousand. Based on the credit quality of the issuers, the Corporation s intent to hold these
securities until a market price recovery, and the determination that it is more likely than not that the Corporation will not
be required to sell these securities before their anticipated recovery, the Corporation does not consider these investments other
than temporarily impaired. 

NOTE 3   SECURITIES (continued)   

Restricted Stock  

The Corporation s restricted stock consists of Federal
Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ) stock and FRB stock. The amortized costs of the restricted stock as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase (Repurchase
Agreements)  

The Corporation enters into agreements under which it sells
securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities. Under these arrangements, the Corporation may
transfer legal control over the assets but still retain effective control through an agreement that both entitles and obligates
the Corporation to repurchase the assets. As a result, these repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing
agreements (i.e., secured borrowings) and not as a sale and subsequent repurchase of securities. The obligation to repurchase
the securities is reflected as a liability in the Corporation s consolidated balance sheets, while the securities underlying
the repurchase agreements remain in the respective investment securities asset accounts. In other words, there is no offsetting
or netting of the investment securities assets with the repurchase agreement liabilities. In addition, as the Corporation does
not enter into reverse repurchase agreements, there is no such offsetting to be done with the repurchase agreements. 

The right of setoff for a repurchase agreement resembles a
secured borrowing, whereby the collateral would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should the Corporation
be in default (e.g., fails to make an interest payment to the counterparty). The collateral is held by a third-party financial
institution in the Corporation s custodial account. The Corporation has the right to sell or repledge the investment securities.
The risks and rewards associated with the investment securities pledged as collateral (e.g. a decline or rise in the fair value
of the investments) remains with the Corporation. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the obligations outstanding
under these repurchase agreements totaled $16.3 million and $21.1 million, respectively, and were comprised of overnight sweep
accounts. The fair value of the securities pledged in connection with these repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016 was $19.7
million in total and consisted of $4.9 million in municipal securities, $4.9 in mortgage backed securities, $6.0 million in corporate
bonds, $2.5 million in asset backed securities, and $1.4 million in mutual funds. The fair value of the securities pledged in
connection with these repurchase agreements at December 31, 2015 was $24.3 million in total and consisted of $6.7 million in municipal
securities, $4.9 million in mortgage backed securities, $6.2 million in corporate bonds, and $6.5 million in asset backed securities. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES   

The following table presents the composition of the loans held
for investment portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Unearned income and net deferred loan fees and costs totaled
$2.1 million and $2.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loans pledged to secure borrowings at
the FHLB totaled $263.0 million and $247.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses totaled $14.7 million at September
30, 2016 compared to $13.6 million at year end December 31, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was equivalent to 1.52% and 1.53%
of total loans held for investment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Adequacy of the allowance is assessed
and the allowance is increased by provisions for loan losses charged to expense no less than quarterly. Charge-offs are taken
when a loan is identified as uncollectible. 

The methodology by which we systematically determine the amount
of our allowance is set forth by the Board of Directors in our Loan Policy and implemented by management. The results of the analysis
are documented, reviewed, and approved by the Board of Directors no less than quarterly. 

The level of the allowance for loan losses is determined by
management through an ongoing, detailed analysis of historical loss rates and risk characteristics. During each quarter, management
evaluates the collectability of all loans in the portfolio and ensures an accurate risk rating is assigned to each loan. The risk
rating scale and definitions commonly adopted by the Federal Banking Agencies is contained within the framework prescribed by
the Bank s Loan Policy. Any loan that is deemed to have potential or well defined weaknesses that may jeopardize collection
in full is then analyzed to ascertain its level of weakness. If appropriate, the loan may be charged-off or a specific reserve
may be assigned if the loan is deemed to be impaired. 

During the risk rating verification process, each loan identified
as inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged is considered
impaired and is placed on non-accrual status. On these loans, management analyzes the potential impairment of the individual loan
and may set aside a specific reserve. Any amounts deemed uncollectible during that analysis are charged-off. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

For the remaining loans in each segment, the Bank calculates
the probability of loss as a group using the risk rating for each of the following loan types: Commercial Real Estate - Owner
Occupied, Commercial Real Estate - Non-Owner Occupied, Residential Real Estate, Commercial, Real Estate Construction, and Consumer.
Management calculates the historical loss rate in each group by risk rating using a period of at least six years. This historical
loss rate may then be adjusted based on management s assessment of internal and external environmental factors. While management
may consider other factors, the analysis generally includes factors such as unemployment, office vacancy rates, and any concentrations
that exist within the portfolio. This adjustment is meant to account for changes between the historical economic environment and
current conditions and for changes in the ongoing management of the portfolio which affects the loans  potential losses. 

Once complete, management compares the condition of the portfolio
using several different characteristics, as well as its experience, to the experience of other banks in its peer group in order
to determine if it is directionally consistent with others  experience in our area and line of business. Based on that analysis,
management aggregates the probabilities of loss of the remaining portfolio based on the specific and general allowances and may
provide additional amounts to the allowance for loan losses as needed. Since this process involves estimates, the allowance for
loan losses may also contain an amount that is non-material which is not allocated to a specific loan or to a group of loans but
is deemed necessary to absorb additional losses in the portfolio. 

Management and the Board of Directors subject the reserve adequacy
and methodology to a review on a regular basis by internal auditors, external auditors and bank regulators, and such reviews have
not resulted in any material adjustment to the allowance. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

The following tables provide detailed information about the
allowance for loan losses as of and for the periods indicated. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

Identifying and Classifying Portfolio Risks by Risk Rating  

At origination, loans are categorized into risk categories
based upon original underwriting. Subsequent to origination, management evaluates the collectability of all loans in the portfolio
and assigns a proprietary risk rating. Ratings range from the highest to lowest quality based on factors including measurements
of ability to pay, collateral type and value, borrower stability, management experience, and credit enhancements. These ratings
are consistent with the bank regulatory rating system. 

A loan may have portions of its balance in one rating and other
portions in a different rating. The Bank may use these  split ratings  when factors cause loan loss risk to exist
for part but not all of the principal balance. Split ratings may also be used where cash collateral or a government agency has
provided a guaranty that partially covers a loan. 

For clarity of presentation, the Corporation s loan portfolio
is profiled below in accordance with the risk rating framework that has been commonly adopted by the federal banking agencies.
The definitions of the various risk rating categories are as follows: 

Pass - The condition of the borrower and the performance of
the loan is satisfactory or better. 

Special mention - A special mention asset has one or more potential
weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration
of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the institution s credit position at some future date. 

Substandard - A substandard asset is inadequately protected
by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified must
have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct
possibility that the bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful - An asset classified doubtful has all the weaknesses
inherent in one classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full,
on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 

Loss - Assets classified loss are considered uncollectible
and their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the asset has absolutely no
recovery or salvage value, and a partial recovery may be effected in the future. 

The Bank did not have any loans classified as loss at September
30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. It is the Bank s policy to charge-off any loan once the risk rating is classified as loss. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

The profile of the loan portfolio, as indicated by risk rating,
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is shown below. 

Loans listed as non-performing are also placed on non-accrual
status. The accrual of interest is discontinued at the time a loan is 90 days delinquent or when the credit deteriorates and there
is doubt that the credit will be paid as agreed, unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Once the loan
is on non-accrual status, all accrued but unpaid interest is also charged-off, and all payments are used to reduce the principal
balance. Once the principal balance is repaid in full, additional payments are taken into income. A loan may be returned to accrual
status if the borrower shows renewed willingness and ability to repay under the term of the loan agreement. The risk profile based
upon payment activity is shown below. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

Loans are considered past due if a contractual payment is not
made by the calendar day after the payment is due. However, for reporting purposes loans past due 1 to 29 days are excluded from
loans past due and are included in the total for current loans in the table below. The delinquency status of the loans in the
portfolio is shown below as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Loans that were on non-accrual status are not included
in any past due amounts. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

Troubled Debt Restructurings   

A troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) is a formal
restructure of a loan when the Bank, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, grants a
concession to a borrower. The Bank classifies these transactions as a TDR if the transaction meets the following conditions: an
existing credit agreement must be formally renewed, extended and/or modified; the borrower must be experiencing financial difficulty;
and the Bank has granted a concession that it would not otherwise consider. 

Once identified as a TDR, a loan is considered to be impaired,
and an impairment analysis is performed for the loan individually, rather than under a general loss allowance based on the loan
type and risk rating. Any resulting shortfall is charged-off. This method is used consistently for all segments of the portfolio. 

Normally, loans identified as TDRs would be placed on non-accrual
status and considered non-performing until sufficient history of timely collection or payment has occurred that allows them to
return to performing status, generally 6 months. 

One loan with a balance of $500 thousand was modified in connection
with a troubled debt restructuring during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. One real estate construction loan was
modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 with an outstanding balance at September 30, 2016 of $1.0 million. 

Impaired Loans  

A loan is classified as impaired when it is deemed probable
by management s analysis that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the
loan agreement, or the recorded investment in the impaired loan is greater than the present value of expected future cash flows,
discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. In the case of an impaired loan, management conducts an analysis which identifies
if a quantifiable potential loss exists, and takes the necessary steps to record that loss when it has been identified as uncollectible. 

As the ultimate collectability of the total principal of an
impaired loan is in doubt, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status with all payments applied to principal under the cost-recovery
method. As the Bank does not utilize the cash-basis method of accounting for impaired loans, the Bank did not recognize interest
income in association with its impaired loans during 2016. 

NOTE 4   LOANS AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
(continued)   

The table below shows the results of management s analysis
of impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The table below shows the average recorded investment in impaired
loans for the periods presented. 

NOTE 5   SEGMENT REPORTING   

The Corporation has three reportable segments: traditional
commercial banking, mortgage banking, and wealth management. Revenues from commercial banking operations consist primarily of
interest earned on loans and securities and fees from deposit services. Mortgage banking operating revenues consist principally
of interest earned on mortgage loans held for sale, gains on sales of loans in the secondary mortgage market, and loan origination
fee income. Wealth management operating revenues consist principally of transactional fees charged to clients as well as fees
for portfolio asset management. 

NOTE 5   SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)   

The commercial banking segment provides the mortgage banking
segment ( Mortgage Division ) with the short-term funds needed to originate mortgage loans through a warehouse line
of credit and charges the mortgage banking segment interest based on the prime rate. These transactions are eliminated in the
consolidation process. 

The  Other  column in the following table includes
the operations of the Corporation and Access Real Estate. The primary source of income for the Corporation is derived from dividends
from the Bank and its primary expense relates to costs incurred by the Corporation in connection with its annual audits and directors
fees. The primary source of income for Access Real Estate is derived from rents received from the Bank. 

The following table presents segment information as of and
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 5   SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)   

The following table presents segment information as of and
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 6   EARNINGS PER SHARE    

The following table shows the calculation of both basic and
diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The numerator of both the basic and diluted EPS is equivalent to net income. The weighted average number of shares outstanding
used as the denominator for diluted EPS is increased over the denominator used for basic EPS by the effect of potentially dilutive
common stock options utilizing the treasury stock method. 

NOTE 7   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES   

As part of its mortgage banking activities, the Mortgage Division
enters into interest rate lock commitments, which are commitments to originate loans where the interest rate on the loan is determined
prior to funding and the customers have locked into that interest rate. The Mortgage Division then locks in the loan and interest
rate with an investor and commits to deliver the loan if settlement occurs ( best efforts ) or commits to deliver
the locked loan in a binding ( mandatory ) delivery program with an investor. Certain loans under interest rate lock
commitments are covered under forward sales contracts of mortgage backed securities ( MBS ). Forward sales contracts
of MBS are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in noninterest income. Interest rate lock commitments and
commitments to deliver loans to investors are considered derivatives. The market value of interest rate lock commitments and best
efforts contracts are not readily ascertainable with precision because they are not actively traded in stand-alone markets. The
Mortgage Division determines the fair value of interest rate lock commitments and delivery contracts by measuring the fair value
of the underlying asset, which is impacted by current interest rates, taking into consideration the probability that the interest
rate lock commitments will close or will be funded. 

Certain additional risks arise from these forward delivery
contracts in that the counterparties to the contracts may not be able to meet the terms of the contracts. The Mortgage Division
does not expect any counterparty to any MBS to fail to meet its obligation. Additional risks inherent in mandatory delivery programs
include the risk that, if the Mortgage Division does not close the loans subject to interest rate risk lock commitments, it will
still be obligated to deliver MBS to the counterparty under the forward sales agreement. Should this be required, the Mortgage
Division could incur significant costs in acquiring replacement loans or MBS and such costs could have an adverse effect on mortgage
banking operations. 

Since the Mortgage Division s derivative instruments
are not designated as hedging instruments, the fair value of the derivatives are recorded as a freestanding asset or liability
with the change in value being recognized in current earnings during the period of change. The Corporation has not elected to
apply hedge accounting to the Mortgage Division s derivative instruments as provided in Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 815, Derivatives and Hedging. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Mortgage Division
had open forward contracts with a notional value of $83.0 million and $49.0 million, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Mortgage Division did not have any open mandatory delivery contracts. The open forward delivery contracts are composed
of forward sales of MBS. The fair value of these open forward contracts was ($345) thousand and ($54) thousand at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Interest rate lock commitments totaled $51.6 million and $26.6
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and included $6.2 million that were made on a best efforts
basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Fair values of these best efforts commitments were $54 thousand and $53 thousand
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The remaining hedged interest rate lock commitments totaling $45.4
million and $20.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 had a fair value of $652 thousand and $275 thousand, respectively. 

Included in other noninterest income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was a net gain of $655 thousand and a net gain of $245 thousand, respectively, relating
to derivative instruments. The amount included in other noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015 pertaining to its hedging activities was a net realized loss of $2.5 million and a net realized loss of $873 thousand,
respectively. 

NOTE 8   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 . This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue
Recognition  as well as most industry-specific guidance. The amendments also create a new Subtopic 340-40  Other Assets
and Deferred Costs   Contracts with Customers . In summary, entities are to recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. The provisions of ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2017 and interim periods within 2018. The adoption of this guidance should not have a material effect on the Corporation s
financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 8   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)   

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718) . The amendments in this ASU require a performance target that affects vesting and
that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The performance target should
not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award, and compensation cost should be recognized in the period
in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable
to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The amendments in the ASU are effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Corporation s
financial condition or results of operations. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Income
Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20) . This ASU eliminates extraordinary items from US GAAP
and will align more closely with International Accounting Standards 1,  Presentation of Financial Statements . The
amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect
on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810) . This ASU focuses on the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate
consolidation of certain legal entities by reducing the number of consolidation models from four to two and is intended to improve
current GAAP. In October 2016, the FASB further issued ASU 2016-17,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held Through Related
Parties That Are Under Common Control.  This ASU changed the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary
of a variable interest entity (VIE) by changing how a reporting entity that is a single decision maker of a VIE treat indirect
interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity. The amendments in
both these ASUs are effective beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of both ASUs should not have a material effect on
the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest
  Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) . This ASU requires debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet
as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December
15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results
of operations. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Interest
- Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) . This ASU adds language clarifying the Securities and Exchange Commission s
views regarding the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements.
The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material
effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Business
Combinations (Topic 805) . This ASU requires an acquirer retrospectively adjust provisional amounts recognized in a business
combination during the measurement period, in the reporting period in which the adjustment is determined as well as present separately
on the face of the income statement or as a disclosure in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded
in current period earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts
had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2015. The
adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 8   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10) . This ASU requires all equity investments to be measured at fair value with
changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under equity method of accounting or those
that result in consolidation of the investee). The amendments in this update also require an entity to present separately in other
comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific
credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial
instruments. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this guidance should not
have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842) . This ASU specifies the accounting for leases in an effort to increase transparency and comparability among
organizations. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2018. While the adoption of this guidance
should not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations, management has yet
to quantify the impact of this ASU. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05, Derivatives
and Hedging (Topic 815) Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.  This ASU clarifies
that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under ASC Topic
815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria
continue to be met. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within that
year. The adoption of this guidance should not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results
of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,
 Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting. 
The amendments affect all entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result
of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence. This ASU simplifies the transition to the equity
method of accounting by eliminating retroactive adjustment of the investment when an investment qualifies for use of the equity
method, among other things. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods
within that year. The adoption of this guidance should not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition
or results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus
Net).  This ASU was issued to clarify certain principal versus agent considerations within the implementation guidance
of ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The effective date and transition of ASU 2016-08
is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), as discussed
above. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-08 on our financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Under this
ASU all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based payment awards should be recognized as income tax
expense or benefit in the income statement during the period in which they occur. Previously, such amounts were recorded in the
pool of excess tax benefits included in additional paid-in capital, if such pool was available. Because excess tax benefits are
no longer recognized in additional paid-in capital, the assumed proceeds from applying the treasury stock method when computing
earnings per share should exclude the amount of excess tax benefits that would have previously been recognized in additional paid-in
capital. Additionally, excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity
rather than a financing activity, as was previously the case. ASU 2016-09 also provides that an entity can make an entity-wide
accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures
when they occur. ASU 2016-09 changes the threshold to qualify for equity classification (rather than as a liability) to permit
withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates (rather than the minimum as was previously the case) in the applicable jurisdictions.
The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within that year. The adoption
of this guidance should not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 8   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)   

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  This ASU was issued
to clarify ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  related to (i) identifying performance
obligations; and (ii) the licensing implementation guidance. The effective date and transition of ASU 2016-10 is the
same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), 
as discussed above. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-10 on our financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  This ASU amends guidance
on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities by eliminating the probable
initial recognition threshold (incurred loss methodology) and requiring entities to reflect its current estimate of all expected
credit losses. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2019 and for interim periods within that year.
Early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities will apply the amendments in this ASU through a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings in the first period effective. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-13
on its financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This ASU
was issued to reduce diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are being presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. Guidance provided in the ASU are specific to eight cash flow issues being: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt or other debt instruments with interest rates that are insignificant to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds received from the settlement
of life insurance claims; proceeds received from the settlement of bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received
from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and application of the predominance principle.
The amendments in the ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.
The adoption of this guidance should not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.  Under current GAAP, recognition
of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer is prohibited until the asset has been sold to a third
party. The amendments in this ASU eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory thereby
requiring an entity to recognize the income tax consequences when the transfer occurs. The amendments in the ASU are effective
beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within that year. Early adoption is permitted. Entities will apply the
amendments in this ASU through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the first period effective. The adoption
of this guidance should not have a material effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE      

Fair value pursuant to FASB ASC 820-10, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures, is the exchange price, in an orderly transaction that is not a forced liquidation or distressed
sale, between market participants to sell an asset or transfer a liability in the market in which the reporting entity would
transact for the asset or liability, that is, the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or
liability.  The transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability is a hypothetical transaction at the
measurement date, considered from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or liability. FASB ASC 820-10
provides a consistent definition of fair value which focuses on exit price and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair
value, the use of market-based inputs over entity specific inputs.  In addition, FASB ASC 820-10 provides a
framework for measuring fair value and establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based upon the
transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Transfers between levels of the
fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual dates of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which
generally coincides with the Corporation s monthly and/or quarterly valuation process. 

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE (continued)      

The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used
to measure fair values: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets
or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 

Level 2 - Significant other observable inputs other than Level
1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 - Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s
own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

The Corporation used the following methods to determine the
fair value of each type of financial instrument: 

Investment securities : Fair values for securities available-for-sale
are obtained from an independent pricing service. The prices are not adjusted. The independent pricing service uses industry-standard
models to price U.S. Government agency obligations and mortgage backed securities that consider various assumptions, including
time value, yield curves, volatility factors, prepayment speeds, default rates, loss severity, current market and contractual
prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Securities of obligations of state
and political subdivisions are valued using a type of matrix, or grid, pricing in which securities are benchmarked against the
treasury rate based on credit rating. 

Substantially all assumptions used by the independent
pricing service are observable in the marketplace, can be derived from observable data, or are supported by observable levels
at which transactions are executed in the marketplace (Level 2). 

Residential loans held for sale : The fair value of loans
held for sale is determined using quoted prices for similar assets, adjusted for specific attributes of that loan (Level 2). 

Derivative financial instruments : Derivative instruments
are used to hedge residential mortgage loans held for sale and the related interest-rate lock commitments and include forward
commitments to sell mortgage loans and mortgage backed securities as further described in Note 7. The fair values of derivative
financial instruments are based on derivative market data inputs as of the valuation date and the underlying value of mortgage
loans for interest rate lock commitments (Level 3). 

Impaired loans : The fair values of impaired loans are
measured on a nonrecurring basis as the fair value of the loan s collateral for collateral-dependent loans.  Collateral
may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable.  The use
of discounted cash flow models and management s best judgment are significant inputs in arriving at the fair value measure
of the underlying collateral (Level 3). 

Other real estate owned : The fair value of other real
estate owned, which consists of real estate that has been foreclosed, is recorded at the lower of fair value less selling expenses
or the book balance prior to foreclosure. Write downs are provided for subsequent declines in value and are recorded in other
operating expenses (Level 2). 

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE (continued)      

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value under FASB ASC
820-10 on a recurring and non-recurring basis, including financial assets and liabilities for which the Corporation has elected
the fair value option as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are summarized below: 

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE (continued)    

It is the Corporation s policy to recognize transfers
between levels as of the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no transfers
between Level 1 and Level 2 during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The changes in Level 3 net derivatives measured at fair value
on a recurring basis are summarized as follows: 

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE (Continued)    

The following tables present qualitative information about
level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value for September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)  
      Fair
    value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral on real estate secured loans, which
    generally include various level 3 inputs which are not identifiable.   
 
      (2)  
      Valuations
    of impaired loans may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as liquidation expenses.  The range
    and weighted average of liquidation expense adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal.   
 
      (3)  
      Market
    pricing on derivative assets and liabilities is adjusted by management for the anticipated percent of derivative assets and
    liabilities that will create a realized gain or loss.  The range and weighted average of estimated pull-through
    is presented   

(1)  
      Fair
    value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral on real estate secured loans, which
    generally include various level 3 inputs which are not identifiable.   
 
      (2)  
      Valuations
    of impaired loans may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as liquidation expenses.  The range
    and weighted average of liquidation expense adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal.   
 
      (3)  
      Market
    pricing on derivative assets and liabilities is adjusted by management for the anticipated percent of derivative assets and
    liabilities that will create a realized gain or loss.  The range and weighted average of estimated pull-through
    is presented   

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE (Continued)    

Financial instruments recorded using FASB ASC 825-10  

Under FASB ASC 825-10, Financial Instruments, the Corporation
may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis with
changes in fair value reported in net income. After the initial adoption the election is made at the acquisition of an eligible
financial asset, financial liability or firm commitment or when certain specified reconsideration events occur. The fair value
election, with respect to an item, may not be revoked once an election is made. 

The following table reflects the differences between the fair
value carrying amount of residential mortgage loans held for sale at September 30, 2016, measured at fair value under FASB ASC
825-10, and the aggregate unpaid principal amount the Corporation is contractually entitled to receive at maturity. 

The Corporation has elected to account for residential loans
held for sale at fair value to eliminate the mismatch that would occur by recording changes in market value on derivative instruments
used to hedge loans held for sale while carrying the loans at the lower of cost or market. 

The following methods and assumptions not previously presented
were used in estimating the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair
value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis: 

Cash and Short-Term Investments   

For those short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a
reasonable estimate of fair value. As such they are classified as Level 1 for noninterest-bearing deposits and Level 2 for interest-bearing
deposits due from banks or federal funds sold. 

Restricted Stock  

It is not practical to determine the fair value of restricted
stock due to the restrictions placed on its transferability. 

Loans, Net of Allowance  

For certain homogeneous categories of loans, such as some residential
mortgages, and other consumer loans, fair value is estimated using the quoted market prices for securities backed by similar loans,
adjusted for differences in loan characteristics resulting in a Level 3 classification. The fair value of other types of loans
is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with
similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities resulting in a Level 3 classification. 

Accrued Interest   

The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value
resulting in a Level 2 or Level 3 classification depending upon the level of the asset or liability, with which, the accrual is
associated. 

Deposits and Borrowings   

The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain
money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date resulting in a Level 1 classification. The fair value
of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities
also resulting in a Level 1 classification. The fair value of all other deposits and borrowings is determined using the discounted
cash flow method thereby resulting in a Level 2 classification. The discount rate was equal to the rate currently offered on similar
products. 

NOTE 9   FAIR VALUE (Continued)    

Off-Balance-Sheet Financial Instruments   

The fair value of commitments to extend credit is estimated
using the fees currently charged to enter similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the
present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between
current levels of interest rates and the committed interest rates. The fair value of stand-by letters of credit is based on fees
currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise settle the obligations with the
counterparties at the reporting date. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the majority of
off-balance-sheet items are variable rate instruments or convert to variable rate instruments if drawn upon. Therefore, the fair
value of these items is largely based on fees, which are nominal and immaterial. 

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial
instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

NOTE 10   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET
RISK      

The Corporation is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments consist primarily
of commitments to extend credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount
recognized in the balance sheet. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Corporation
has in particular classes of financial instruments. 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer
as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates
or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee by the customer. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire
without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Corporation
evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral, if any, deemed necessary by
the Corporation upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral normally
consists of real property, liquid assets or business assets. The Corporation had $46.4 million and $53.2 million in outstanding
commitments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Corporation s exposure to credit loss in the event
of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual
notional amount of those instruments. The Corporation uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations
as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. The Corporation had $296.8 million and $304.9 million in unfunded lines of credit
whose contract amounts represent credit risk at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued
by the Corporation to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those letters of credit are primarily issued to
support public and private borrowing arrangements. Essentially all letters of credit issued have expiration dates within one year.
The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to
customers. The Corporation generally holds collateral supporting those commitments if deemed necessary. The Corporation had standby
letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $9.3 million and $7.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Bank maintains a reserve for potential off-balance sheet
credit losses that is included in other liabilities on the balance sheet. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the balance
in this reserve totaled $750 thousand. 

In August 2016, the Bank entered into a letter of credit agreement
with the Commonwealth of Virginia Treasury Board pertaining to its public deposits program. Under the terms of the letters of
credit agreement, the Commonwealth of Virginia Treasury Board in accordance with the Security for Public Deposits Act has approved
the use of a letter of credit issued by the FHLB as collateral by the Bank. The maximum amount available under the letter of credit
is $35 million. The letter of credit expires in August 2017 with an automatic one year extension until August 2018. 

The Mortgage Division of the Bank makes representations and
warranties that loans sold to investors meet its program s guidelines and that the information provided by the borrowers
is accurate and complete. In the event of a default on a loan sold, the investor may make a claim for losses due to document deficiencies,
program compliance, early payment default, and fraud or borrower misrepresentations. The Mortgage Division maintains a reserve
in other liabilities for potential losses on mortgage loans sold. Management performs a quarterly analysis to determine the adequacy
of the reserve. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance in this reserve totaled $1.0 million. 

NOTE 10   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET
RISK     (Continued)   

The following table shows the changes to the allowance for
losses on mortgage loans sold. 

NOTE 11   BANK-OWNED LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES   

The Corporation had $23.6 million and $15.8 million in bank-owned
life insurance ( BOLI ) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Corporation recognized interest
income, which is included in other noninterest income, of $338 thousand and $345 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

On October 24, 2016, the Corporation announced the
signing of a definitive agreement and plan of reorganization, dated October 21, 2016 (the  Middleburg Merger
Agreement ), to acquire Middleburg Financial Corporation ( Middleburg ), and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Middleburg Bank and Middleburg Investment Group, Inc. Middleburg Bank is a Virginia-based bank with twelve financial service
centers and one limited service facility primarily servicing Northern Virginia. The Middleburg Merger Agreement and the
transactions pursuant thereto have been unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of the Corporation and Middleburg and
the merger is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt
of required regulatory approvals and the approval of each company s shareholders. At September 30, 2016, Middleburg had
total assets of $1.34 billion, gross loans of $845.89 million, and total deposits of $1.09 billion. Under the terms of the
Middleburg Merger Agreement, Middleburg shareholders will receive 1.3314 shares of the Corporation s common stock for
each share of Middleburg common stock held immediately prior to the effective date of the merger. As a result of the merger,
each option to purchase shares of Middleburg common stock granted under a Middleburg equity-based compensation plan that is
outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger will be cancelled for a cash payment equal to the product
of (i) the difference between the closing sale price of Middleburg common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the
effective date of the merger and the per share exercise price of the stock option, and (ii) the number of shares of
Middleburg common stock subject to such stock option. Each restricted share of Middleburg common stock granted under a
Middleburg equity compensation plan that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger will, pursuant
to the terms of each such grant, vest in full immediately prior to the effective date of the merger and be converted into
unrestricted shares of the Corporation s common stock based on the exchange ratio. Each outstanding warrant to purchase
shares of Middleburg common stock will, pursuant to the terms of each such warrant, convert into a warrant to purchase shares
of the Corporation s common stock. 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with Access National Corporation s ( Corporation ,  we ,  us ) consolidated financial
statements, and notes thereto, included in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any future period. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

In addition
to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. For this purpose,
any statements contained herein, including documents incorporated by reference, that are not statements of historical fact
may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include discussions as to our
expectations, beliefs, plans, goals, objectives and future financial or other performance or assumptions concerning matters
discussed in this document. Forward-looking statements often use words such as  believes, 
 expects,   plans,   may,   will,   should, 
 projects,   contemplates,    anticipates,   forecasts, 
 intends  or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
include, without limitation, statements regarding the Corporation s beliefs regarding the future strength of the
economy and labor markets and anticipated interest rates and the effect of such rates on the Corporation s performance
and net interest margin and the volume of future mortgage refinancing, as well as the Corporation s expectations
concerning operating losses and the profitability of its mortgage segment. You can also identify them by the fact that they
do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks
and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from historical results or those anticipated by such
statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on the operations and future prospects of the Corporation
include, but are not limited to, changes in: collateral values, especially in the real estate market; continued challenging
economic conditions or deterioration in general business and economic conditions and in the financial markets; mergers and
acquisitions, including merger integration risk in connection with the Corporation s pending merger with Middleburg such
as potential deposit attrition, higher than expected costs, customer loss and business disruption associated with the
integration of Middleburg, including, without limitation, potential difficulties in maintaining relationships with key
personnel and other integration related matters; the impact of any laws, regulations, policies or programs implemented
pursuant to   the Dodd-Frank Act or other legislation or
regulation; unemployment levels; branch expansion plans; interest rates; general economic conditions; monetary and fiscal
policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
( Comptroller ), the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and
the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond; the economy of Northern Virginia, including governmental spending and real estate
markets; the quality or composition of the loan or investment portfolios; demand for loan products; deposit flows;
competition; the liquidity of the Corporation; and accounting principles, policies and guidelines. These risks
and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained herein, and readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which
it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after
the date on which it is made.   

For additional discussion of risk factors that may cause our
actual future results to differ materially from the results indicated within forward looking statements, please see  Item
1A   Risk Factors  of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The Corporation s consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP. In preparing the Corporation s financial statements management makes estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Management believes that the most significant
subjective judgments that it makes include the following: 

Allowance for Loan Losses   

The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of the losses
that may be sustained in our loan portfolio. The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting: (i) FASB ASC 450-10,
which requires that losses be accrued when they are probable of occurring and can be estimated, and (ii) FASB ASC 310-10, which
requires that losses be accrued based on the differences between the value of collateral, present value of future cash flows or
values that are observable in the secondary market and the loan balance. An allowance for loan losses is established through a
provision for loan losses based upon industry standards, known risk characteristics, management s evaluation of the risk
inherent in the loan portfolio, and changes in the nature and volume of loan activity. Such evaluation considers, among other
factors, the estimated market value of the underlying collateral and current economic conditions. For further information about
our practices with respect to allowance for loan losses, please see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Other Than Temporary Impairment of Securities   

Securities in the Corporation s securities portfolio
are classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. At September 30, 2016, there were no non-agency mortgage backed
securities or trust preferred securities in the portfolio. The estimated fair value of the portfolio fluctuates due to changes
in market interest rates and other factors. Changes in estimated fair value are recorded in shareholders  equity as a component
of other comprehensive income. Securities are monitored to determine whether a decline in their value is other than temporary.
Management evaluates the securities portfolio on a quarterly basis to determine the collectability of amounts due per the contractual
terms of each security. A decline in the fair value of an investment below its amortized cost attributable to factors that indicate
the decline will not be recovered over the anticipated holding period of the investment will cause the security to be considered
other than temporarily impaired. Other than temporary impairments result in reducing the security s carrying value by the
amount of the estimated credit loss. The credit component of the other than temporary impairment loss is realized through the
statement of income and the remainder of the loss remains in other comprehensive income. At September 30, 2016, there were no
securities with other than temporary impairment. 

Income Taxes    

The Corporation uses the liability method of accounting for
income taxes. This method results in the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities that are reflected at currently enacted
income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.
As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income
taxes. The deferred provision for income taxes is the result of the net change in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability
balances during the year. This amount combined with the current taxes payable or refundable results in the income tax expense
for the current year. The Corporation s evaluation of the deductibility or taxability of items included in the Corporation s
tax returns has not resulted in the identification of any material, uncertain tax positions. 

Fair Value    

Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using relevant
market information and other assumptions. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding
interest rates, credit risk, prepayments and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for particular items. Changes
in assumptions or in market conditions could significantly affect the estimates. The fair value estimates of existing on and off-balance
sheet financial instruments do not include the value of anticipated future business or the values of assets and liabilities not
considered financial instruments. For additional information about our financial assets carried at fair value, please see   Note
9 to the consolidated financial statements. 

PENDING ACQUISITION OF MIDDLEBURG FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

On October 24, 2016, the Corporation announced the signing of
a definitive agreement and plan of reorganization, dated as of October 21, 2016, pursuant to which the Corporation and Middleburg
will merge. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Middleburg shareholders will receive a fixed exchange ratio of 1.3314 Corporation
shares for each share of Middleburg common stock owned. For more information on this pending acquisition refer to Note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements and the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2016. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION    

Executive Summary  

At September 30, 2016, the Corporation s assets totaled
$1.36 billion and grew $184.3 million when compared to December 31, 2015. The increase in assets was primarily due to a growth
in loans held for investment of $79.0 million, a $25.0 million increase in investment securities, a $26.9 million growth in loans
held for sale, and $43.2 million of growth in interest-bearing balances. The first nine months of 2016 reflected growth in all
categories of loans held for investment from December 31, 2015 with the exception of consumer loans. The $79.0 million increase
in loans held for investment as compared to December 31, 2015 is primarily attributable to a $26.8 million or 18.13% growth in
commercial real estate   non-owner occupied loans, a $18.3 million or 8.34% increase in commercial real estate   owner
occupied loans, a $13.6 million or 20.63% increase in real estate construction loans, and a $22.3 million or 9.18% increase in
commercial loans. Overall, the portfolio of loans held for investment grew at an annualized rate of 11.9%. At September 30, 2016,
loans secured by real estate collateral comprised 71.89% of our total loan portfolio, with loans secured by commercial real estate
contributing 42.69% of our total loan portfolio, loans secured by residential real estate contributing 20.96% and real estate
construction loans contributing 8.24%. Loans held for sale totaled $71.0 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $44.1 million
at December 31, 2015. Loans held for sale fluctuates with the volume of loans originated during any given month and the length
of time the loans are held prior to selling them in the secondary market. Deposits totaled $1.115 billion at September 30, 2016,
compared to $913.7 million at December 31, 2015, an increase of $201.3 million. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased $101.8
million from $307.8 million at December 31, 2015 to $409.6 million at September 30, 2016. Savings and interest-bearing deposits
increased $143.2 million from $293.7 million at December 31, 2015 to $436.9 million at September 30, 2016. Non-wholesale time
deposits increased from $136.0 million at December 31, 2015 to $163.7 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $27.7 million,
while wholesale funding time deposits saw a net decrease of $71.0 million, from $176.4 million at December 31, 2015 to $105.4
million at September 30, 2016. 

Net income for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $4.4 million
compared to $3.9 million for the same period in 2015. Earnings per diluted share were $0.41 for the third quarter of 2016, compared
to $0.37 per diluted share in the same period of 2015. Third quarter 2016 pretax earnings increased $879 thousand or 14.58% when
compared to third quarter 2015 pretax earnings. 

The banking segment had a decrease in pre-tax earnings when
compared to the third quarter 2015 of $210 thousand, driven by an increase in our provision for loan loss of $750 thousand. The
banking segment s interest income increased $1.6 million when compared to third quarter 2015 which was partially offset
by an increase in salaries and benefits and interest expense of $444 thousand and $577 thousand, respectively. The mortgage segment
had an increase in gains on the sale of loans of $2.5 million that resulted from an increase in the secondary margins on mortgage
loans held for sale over third quarter 2015. 

Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled
$13.4 million compared to $11.5 million for the same period in 2015. Earnings per diluted share were $1.26 for the first nine
months of 2016, compared to $1.09 per diluted share in the same period of 2015. For the nine month period ended September 30,
2016, the banking segment saw an increase in pretax income of $989 thousand when compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015 due to an increase in net interest income of $3.1 million and an increase in non-interest income of $648 thousand which was
partially offset by an increase in salaries and employee benefits of $2.0 million due to continued staffing expansion. When comparing
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 to the same period in 2015, the mortgage segment saw a pretax earnings increase
of $2.1 million. The mortgage segment had an increase in gains on the sale of loans of $4.3 million when comparing the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 to the same period in 2015 due to an increase in the secondary margins on mortgage loans held for sale,
the increase was offset by a $1.6 million increase in salaries and employee benefits. 

Non-performing assets ( NPAs ) totaled $5.8 million,
or 0.43%, of total assets at September 30, 2016, down from $7.4 million, or 0.63% of total assets as of December 31, 2015. The
Bank did not have other real estate owned at September 30, 2016. During the third quarter 2016, Access Real Estate sold its other
real estate owned property with a carrying value of $500 thousand for $463 thousand. The allowance for loan loss was $14.7 million
and $13.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and represented 1.52% and 1.53% of total loans held
for investment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The unemployment rate for Fairfax County, Virginia was at 2.9%
as of May 2016 and still well below the 3.7% unemployment rate for the state of Virginia at the end of June 2016 and 4.9% for
the nation at the end of June 2016. Information reviewed at the Federal Open Market Committee s (FOMC) June 2016 meeting
indicated the labor market strengthened and economic activity continues to expand at a moderate rate. Labor market indicators
point to an increase in labor utilization in recent months as well. The FOMC reaffirmed its view that the current target rate
for the federal funds rate remains accommodative to support further improvement in labor market conditions and a return to 2%
inflation. The historically low interest rate environment continues to negatively impact yields of variable loans and the securities
portfolio. The Corporation s net interest margin for the three months ended June 30, 2016 decreased to 3.51% from the three
months ended June 30, 2015 percentage of 3.67%. While there is no certainty to the magnitude of any impact, the continued extended
period of low short-term interest rates, as presently forecasted by the Federal Reserve, will continue to have an adverse effect
on the net interest margin. 

The latest Case-Shiller Home Price data available shows home
prices increased 5.2% in 20 U.S. cities for the twelve months ended May 2016. The Consumer Confidence Index increased in June
2016, to 98.0, up from 92.4 in May 2016. Retail sales for June 2016 were 2.7% greater than a year earlier. As such, we remain
cautious and have generally retained more cautious loan underwriting criteria established during the financial crisis period of
2007   2009. In spite of these challenges, we are proactive in seeking new client relationships driven by our target market
profile: business-to-business and business-to-government companies with annual revenue of $1 million to $100 million and the various
banking services needed by the business and the professionals associated with the businesses. The Corporation is optimistic with
a strong capital base and being positioned for continued growth. 

Securities    

The Corporation s securities portfolio is comprised of
U.S. government agency securities, mortgage backed securities, corporate bonds, a CRA mutual fund, certificates of deposit, and
asset backed securities as well as municipal bonds. The portfolio does not have any non-agency mortgage backed securities or trust
preferred securities. 

At September 30, 2016 the fair value of the securities portfolio
totaled $199.7 million, compared to $174.5 million at December 31, 2015. Included in the fair value totals are held-to-maturity
securities with an amortized cost of $9.2 million (fair value of $9.5 million) and $14.3 million (fair value of $14.3 million)
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Securities classified as available-for-sale are accounted for at fair
market value with unrealized gains and losses recorded directly to a separate component of shareholders  equity, net of associated
tax effect while held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. Investment securities are used to provide liquidity,
to generate income, and to temporarily supplement loan growth as needed. 

Restricted Stock   

Restricted stock consists of FHLB stock and FRB stock. These
stocks are classified as restricted stocks because their ownership is restricted to certain types of entities and they lack a
market. Restricted stock is carried at cost on the Corporation s financial statements. Dividends are paid semiannually on
FRB stock and quarterly on FHLB stock. 

Loans   

The loan portfolio constitutes the largest component of earning
assets and is comprised of commercial real estate   owner occupied, commercial real estate   non-owner occupied, residential
real estate, commercial, real estate construction, and consumer loans. All lending activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries
are subject to the regulations and supervision of the Comptroller. The loan portfolio does not have any pay option adjustable
rate mortgages, loans with teaser rates or subprime loans or any other loans considered  high risk loans . Loans totaled
$966.5 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $887.5 million at December 31, 2015, an increase of $79.0 million or 8.9%. Comprising
the growth, commercial real estate   owner occupied loans increased $18.3 million, commercial loans increased $22.3 million,
real estate construction loans increased $13.6 million, residential real estate loans increased $1.1 million, and commercial real
estate   non-owner occupied increased $26.8 million. Offsetting the growth was a decrease in consumer loans of $3.1 million.
The overall increase in loans reflects results from our marketing outreach as well as continued improvement in loan demand by
local businesses. Please see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for a table that summarizes the composition of the
Corporation s loan portfolio. The following is a summary of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. 

Commercial Real Estate Loans   Owner Occupied: 
This category of loans represented the second largest segment of the loan portfolio and was comprised of owner occupied loans
secured by the commercial property, totaling $238.2 million, representing 24.65% of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016.
Commercial real estate loans are secured by the subject property and underwritten to policy standards. Policy standards approved
by the Board of Directors from time to time set forth, among other considerations, loan-to-value limits, cash flow coverage ratios,
and the general creditworthiness of the obligors. 

Commercial Real Estate Loans   Non-Owner Occupied:
 This category of loans represented the fourth largest segment of the loan portfolio and was comprised of loans secured by
income producing commercial property, totaling $174.3 million and representing 18.04% of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016.
Commercial real estate loans are secured by the subject property and underwritten to policy standards as listed above. 

Residential Real Estate Loans:  This category represented
the third largest segment of the loan portfolio and included loans secured by first or second mortgages on one to four family
residential properties. This segment totaled $202.6 million and comprised 20.96% of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016.
Of this amount, the following sub-categories existed as a percentage of the whole residential real estate loan portfolio as of
September 30, 2016: home equity lines of credit, 21.7%; first trust mortgage loans, 71.4%; and junior trust loans, 6.9%. 

Home equity lines of credit are extended to borrowers in our
target market. Real estate equity is often the largest component of consumer wealth in our marketplace. Once approved, this consumer
finance tool allows the borrowers to access the equity in their homes or investment properties and use the proceeds for virtually
any purpose. Home equity lines of credit are most frequently secured by a second lien on residential property. The proceeds of
first trust mortgage loans are used to acquire or refinance the primary financing on owner occupied and residential investment
properties. Junior trust loans are loans to consumers wherein the proceeds have been used for a stated consumer purpose. Examples
of consumer purposes are education, refinancing debt, or purchasing consumer goods. The loans are generally extended in a single
disbursement and repaid over a specified period of time. Loans in the residential real estate portfolio are underwritten to standards
within a traditional consumer framework that is periodically reviewed and updated by management and the Board of Directors and
takes into consideration repayment source and capacity, value of the underlying property, credit history, savings pattern, and
stability. 

Commercial Loans:  Commercial loans represented the largest
segment of the loan portfolio, totaling $264.8 million and representing 27.40% of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016.
These loans are made to businesses or individuals within our target market for business purposes. Typically the loan proceeds
are used to support working capital and the acquisition of fixed assets of an operating business. We underwrite these loans based
upon our assessment of the obligor(s)  ability to generate operating cash flows in the future necessary to repay the loan.
To address the risks associated with the uncertainties of future cash flows, these loans are generally well secured by assets
owned by the business or its principal shareholders/owners and the principal shareholders/owners are typically required to guarantee
the loan. 

Real Estate Construction Loans:  Real estate construction
loans, also known as construction and land development loans represented the fifth largest segment of the loan portfolio and totaled
$79.6 million and represented 8.24% of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016. These loans generally fall into one of three
categories: first, loans to individuals that are ultimately used to acquire property and construct an owner occupied residence;
second, loans to builders for the purpose of acquiring property and constructing homes for sale to consumers; and third, loans
to developers for the purpose of acquiring land that is developed into finished lots for the ultimate construction of residential
or commercial buildings. Loans of these types are generally secured by the subject property within limits established by the Board
of Directors based upon an assessment of market conditions   and updated from time to time. The loans typically carry recourse
to principal owners. In addition to the repayment risk associated with loans to individuals and businesses, loans in this category
carry construction completion risk. To address this additional risk, loans of this type are subject to additional administration
procedures designed to verify and ensure progress of the project in accordance with allocated funding, project specifications
and time frames. 

Consumer Loans:  Consumer loans, the smallest segment
of the loan portfolio, totaled $7.0 million and represented 0.71% of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016. Most loans in
this category are well secured with assets other than real estate, such as marketable securities or automobiles. Very few consumer
loans are unsecured. As a matter of operation, management discourages unsecured lending. Loans in this category are underwritten
to standards within a traditional consumer framework that is periodically reviewed and updated by management and the Board of
Directors and takes into consideration repayment capacity, collateral value, savings pattern, credit history, and stability. 

Loans Held for Sale ( LHFS )    

LHFS are residential mortgage loans originated by the Mortgage
Division of the Bank to consumers and underwritten in accordance with standards set forth by an institutional investor to whom
we expect to sell the loans for a profit. Loan proceeds are used for the purchase or refinance of the property securing the loan.
Loans are sold with the servicing released to the investor. At September 30, 2016, LHFS at fair value totaled $71.0 million compared
to $44.1 million at December 31, 2015. 

The LHFS are closed by the Mortgage Division and held on average
fifteen to thirty days pending their sale to government sponsored entities as well as mortgage banking subsidiaries of large financial
institutions. During the third quarter of 2016 we originated $168.8 million of loans processed in this manner, compared to $120.0
million for the third quarter of 2015. Loans are sold without recourse and subject to industry standard representations and warranties
that may require the repurchase by the Bank of loans previously sold. The repurchase risks associated with this activity center
around early payment defaults and borrower fraud. 

Allowance for Loan Losses   

The allowance for loan losses totaled $14.7 million at September
30, 2016 compared to $13.6 million at December 31, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was equivalent to 1.52% and 1.53% of total
loans held for investment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Adequacy of the allowance is assessed and
increased by provisions for loan losses charged to expense no less than quarterly. Charge-offs are taken when a loan is identified
as uncollectible. For additional information about the allowance for loan losses, please see Note 4 to the consolidated financial
statements. 

Non-performing Assets    

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bank had non-performing
assets totaling $5.8 million and $7.4 million, respectively. Non-performing assets consist of non-accrual loans. All non-performing
loans are carried at the expected liquidation value of the underlying collateral. 

The following table is a summary of our non-performing assets
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

During 2014, Access Real Estate LLC (ARE)
transferred an undeveloped commercial lot that was originally purchased for possible future banking center expansion to other
assets available-for-sale when management listed the property for sale. The land, originally purchased for $1.2 million, was recorded
at its appraised value less costs to sell estimated to be $500 thousand. The property was sold in the third quarter of 2016 for
$463 thousand. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bank had no
loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. 

Deposits   

Deposits are the primary sources of funding loan growth. At
September 30, 2016, deposits totaled $1.12 billion compared to $913.7 million on December 31, 2015, an increase of $201.3 million
or 22.03%. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased $101.8 million or 33.06% from $307.8 million at December 31, 2015 to $409.6
million at September 30, 2016. Savings and interest-bearing deposits increased $143.2 million or 48.74% from $293.7 million at
December 31, 2015 to $436.9 million at September 30, 2016. Non-wholesale time deposits increased from $136.0 million at December
31, 2015 to $163.7 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $27.7 million or 20.38%, while wholesale funding deposits saw
a net decrease of $40.3 million or 21.02%, from $191.9 million at December 31, 2015 to $151.6 million at September 30, 2016. 

Shareholders  Equity    

Shareholders  equity totaled $121.3 million at September
30, 2016 compared to $109.1 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in shareholders  equity is due mainly to retained
earnings net of dividends paid. Banking regulators have defined minimum regulatory capital ratios that the Corporation and the
Bank are required to maintain. These risk based capital guidelines take into consideration risk factors, as defined by the banking
regulators, associated with various categories of assets, both on and off the balance sheet. Both the Corporation and Bank are
classified as well capitalized, which is the highest rating. 

Beginning January 1, 2015, the Corporation calculates its regulatory
capital under the Basel III Final Rules which modified the definition of  well capitalized  and implemented changes
in the risk weights of assets. The following table outlines the regulatory components of the Corporation s capital and risk
based capital ratios under these new rules. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Summary   

 Net income for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $4.4 million
compared to $3.9 million for the same period in 2015. Earnings per diluted share were $0.41 for the third quarter of 2016, compared
to $0.37 per diluted share in the same period of 2015. Third quarter 2016 pretax earnings increased $879 thousand or 14.58% when
compared to third quarter 2015 pretax earnings. The banking segment had a decrease in pre-tax earnings when compared to the third
quarter 2015 of $210 thousand, driven by an increase in the provision for loan loss over third quarter 2015 of $750 thousand.
The banking segment s interest income increased $1.6 million when compared to third quarter 2015 which was partially offset
by an increase in salaries and employee benefits and interest expense of $444 thousand and $577 thousand, respectively. The mortgage
segment had an increase in gains on the sale of loans of $2.5 million that resulted from an increase in the secondary margins
on mortgage loans held for sale over third quarter 2015. 

Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled
$13.4 million compared to $11.5 million for the same period in 2015. Earnings per diluted share were $1.26 for the first nine
months of 2016, compared to $1.09 per diluted share in the same period of 2015. For the nine month period ended September 30,
2016, the banking segment saw an increase in pretax income of $989 thousand when compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015 due to increases in net interest income of $3.1 million and non-interest income of $648 thousand which was partially offset
by an increase in salaries and employee benefits of $2.0 million, due to continued staffing expansion, as well as an increase
of $750 thousand in the provision for loan loss. When comparing the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 to the same period
in 2015, the mortgage segment saw a pretax earnings increase of $2.1 million. The mortgage segment had an increase in gains on
the sale of loans of $4.3 million when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the same period in 2015 due to an
increase in the secondary margins on mortgage loans held for sale, the increase was offset by a $1.6 million increase in salaries
and employee benefits. 

Net Interest Income   

Net interest income, the principal source of earnings, is the
amount of income generated by earning assets (primarily loans and investment securities) less the interest expense incurred on
interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposits) used to fund earning assets. Net interest income before the provision for loan
losses totaled $11.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.1 million for the same period in 2015.
The annualized yield on earning assets was 4.01% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to 4.08% for the same period
in 2015. The cost of interest-bearing deposits and borrowings increased to 0.81% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the quarter ended September 30, 2015 at 0.61%. Net interest margin was 3.49% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared
to 3.70% for the same period in 2015. 

Net interest income before the provision for loan losses totaled
$32.5 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $29.3 million for the same period in 2015. The annualized yield on
earning assets for the first nine months of 2016 was 4.04% compared to 4.06% for the same period in 2015. The cost of interest-bearing
deposits and borrowings for the first nine months of 2016 was 0.78% compared to 0.56% for the same period in 2015. Net interest
margin was 3.54% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 3.69% for the same period in 2015. 

Volume and Rate Analysis   

The following tables present the dollar amount of changes in
interest income and interest expense for each category of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 

Average Balances, Net Interest Income, Yields Earned
and Rates Paid   

The following tables present for the periods indicated the
total dollar amount of interest income from average interest earning assets and the resultant yields, as well as the interest
expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed in dollars and rates. 

Yield on Average Earning Assets and
Rates on Average Interest-Bearing Liabilities  

  Three Months Ended  

(1)  Loans placed on nonaccrual status are included
in loan balances. 

  (2)  Interest spread is the average yield earned
on earning assets, less the average rate incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. 

  (3)  Net interest margin is net interest income,
expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. 

Yield on Average Earning Assets and
Rates on Average Interest-Bearing Liabilities  

  Nine Months Ended  

(1)  Loans placed on nonaccrual status are included
in loan balances. 

  (2)  Interest spread is the average yield earned
on earning assets, less the average rate incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. 

  (3)  Net interest margin is net interest income,
expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. 

Noninterest Income   

Noninterest income consists of revenue generated from financial
services and activities other than lending and investing. The mortgage segment provides the most significant contributions to
noninterest income. Total noninterest income was $8.7 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $6.4 million for the same
period in 2015. Gains on the sale of loans originated by the Banks s mortgage segment are the largest component of noninterest
income. Gains on the sale of loans totaled $8.3 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $5.8
million for the same period of 2015. Gains on the sale of loans fluctuate with the volume of mortgage loans originated. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Bank s mortgage segment originated $168.8 million in mortgage and brokered
loans, up from $120.0 million for the same period in 2015. 

Noninterest income was $24.7 million for the first nine months
of 2016 compared to $19.8 million for the same period in 2015. Gains on the sale of loans totaled $19.4 million for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $15.1 million for the same period of 2015. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Bank s mortgage segment originated $429.4 million in mortgage and brokered loans, up from $379.8 million for
the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, other income reflected an increase of $570 thousand over
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of which $270 thousand was attributable to recovered costs upon the settlement of a non-accrual
loan. 

Noninterest Expense   

Noninterest expense totaled $12.2 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.5 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $1.7 million. Salaries and employee
benefits totaled $8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $6.7 million for the same period last
year due to an expansion in staffing. Other operating expenses totaled $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $3.0 million for the same period in 2015. 

Noninterest expense totaled $35.6 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $31.4 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $4.2 million. Salaries and employee
benefits totaled $24.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $20.4 million for the same period last
year due to an expansion in staffing. Other operating expenses totaled $9.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $8.7 million for the same period in 2015. 

The table below provides the composition of other operating
expenses. 

Liquidity Management  

Liquidity is the ability of the Corporation to meet current
and future cash flow requirements. The liquidity of a financial institution reflects its ability to convert assets into cash or
cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves
maintaining the Corporation s ability to meet the daily cash flow requirements of both depositors and borrowers. Management
monitors liquidity through a regular review of asset and liability maturities, funding sources, and loan and deposit forecasts.
Asset and liability management functions not only serve to assure adequate liquidity in order to meet the needs of the Corporation s
customers, but also to maintain an appropriate balance between interest sensitive assets and interest sensitive liabilities so
that the Corporation can earn an appropriate return for its shareholders. 

The asset portion of the balance sheet provides liquidity primarily
through loan principal repayments and maturities of investment securities. Other short-term investments such as federal funds
sold and interest-bearing deposits with other banks provide an additional source of liquidity funding. At September 30, 2016,
overnight interest-bearing balances totaled $67.8 million and unpledged available-for-sale investment securities totaled approximately
$29.0 million. 

The Bank proactively manages a portfolio of short-term time
deposits issued to local municipalities and wholesale depositors in order to fund loans held for sale and short-term investments.
As of September 30, 2016, the portfolio of CDARS deposits, Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) deposits, and wholesale time deposits totaled
$151.6 million compared to $191.9 million at December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The liability portion of the balance sheet provides
liquidity through various interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposit accounts, federal funds purchased, securities sold
under agreement to repurchase and other short-term borrowings. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had a line of credit with the
FHLB totaling $391.3 million and had outstanding a $25 million short-term loan at a fixed rate of 0.74%, $75 million in
long-term loans at fixed rates ranging from 0.72% to 1.54%, and a $35 million public deposit letter of credit from the
Commonwealth of Virginia Treasury Board. In addition to the line of credit at the FHLB, the Bank issues repurchase agreements. As
of September 30, 2016, outstanding repurchase agreements totaled $16.3 million. The interest rates on these instruments
are variable and subject to change daily. The Bank also maintains federal funds lines of credit with its correspondent banks
and, at September 30, 2016, these lines totaled $62.4 million and were available as an additional funding source. 

The following table presents the composition of borrowings
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 as well as the average balances for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the
twelve months ended December 31, 2015. 

Management believes the Corporation is well positioned with
liquid assets, the ability to generate liquidity through liability funding and the availability of borrowed funds, to meet the
liquidity needs of depositors and customers  borrowing needs. The Corporation s ability to maintain sufficient liquidity
may be affected by numerous factors, including economic conditions nationally and in our markets. Depending on the Corporation s
liquidity levels, its capital position, conditions in the capital markets and other factors, the Corporation may from time to
time consider the issuance of debt, equity or other securities, or other possible capital markets transactions, the proceeds of
which could provide additional liquidity for its operations. 

Contractual Obligations    

There
have been no material changes outside the ordinary course of business to the contractual obligations disclosed in the
Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item
3. Quantita     tive and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

The Corporation s market risk is composed primarily of
interest rate risk. The Funds Management Committee is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity position and establishes
policies to monitor and coordinate the Corporation s sources, uses and pricing of funds. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity Management   

The Corporation uses a simulation model to analyze, manage
and formulate operating strategies that address net interest income sensitivity to movements in interest rates. The simulation
model projects net interest income based on various interest rate scenarios over a twelve month period. The model is based on
the actual maturity and re-pricing characteristics of rate sensitive assets and liabilities. The model incorporates certain assumptions
which management believes to be reasonable regarding the impact of changing interest rates and the prepayment assumption of certain
assets and liabilities. The table below reflects the outcome of these analyses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, assuming
budgeted growth in the balance sheet. According to the model run for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, and projecting
forward over a twelve month period, an immediate 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in an increase in net
interest income of 1.92%. Modeling for an immediate 100 basis point decrease in interest rates has been suspended due to the current
rate environment. While management carefully monitors the exposure to changes in interest rates and takes actions as warranted
to mitigate any adverse impact, there can be no assurance about the actual effect of interest rate changes on net interest income. 

The following table reflects the Corporation s earnings
sensitivity profile. 

The Corporation s net interest income and the fair value
of its financial instruments are influenced by changes in the level of interest rates. The Corporation manages its exposure to
fluctuations in interest rates through policies established by its Funds Management Committee. The Funds Management Committee
meets periodically and has responsibility for formulating and implementing strategies to improve balance sheet positioning and
earnings and reviewing interest rate sensitivity. 

The Mortgage Division is party to mortgage rate lock commitments
to fund mortgage loans at interest rates previously agreed (locked) by both the Mortgage Division and the borrower for specified
periods of time. When the borrower locks his or her interest rate, the Mortgage Division effectively extends a put option to the
borrower, whereby the borrower is not obligated to enter into the loan agreement, but the Mortgage Division must honor the interest
rate for the specified time period. The Mortgage Division is exposed to interest rate risk during the accumulation of interest
rate lock commitments and loans prior to sale. The Mortgage Division utilizes either a best efforts sell forward or a mandatory
sell forward commitment to economically hedge the changes in fair value of the loan due to changes in market interest rates. Failure
to effectively monitor, manage, and hedge the interest rate risk associated with the mandatory commitments subjects the Mortgage
Division to potentially significant market risk. 

Throughout the lock period the changes in the market value
of interest rate lock commitments, best efforts and mandatory sell forward commitments are recorded as unrealized gains and losses
and are included in the consolidated statement of income under other noninterest income. The Mortgage Division utilizes a third
party and its proprietary simulation model to assist in identifying and managing the risk associated with this activity. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The Corporation s management evaluated, with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Corporation s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that
the Corporation files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the
Corporation s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures will detect or
uncover every situation involving the failure of persons within the Corporation to disclose material information required to
be set forth in the Corporation s periodic and current reports. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

The Corporation s management is also responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). No changes in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the last fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial
reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

The Corporation and the Bank are from time to time parties
to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management is of the opinion that these legal proceedings will
not have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. From time to time
the Bank and the Corporation may initiate legal actions against borrowers in connection with collecting defaulted loans. Such
actions are not considered material by management unless otherwise disclosed. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

The following risk factors should be considered in addition
to the risk factors disclosed in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Such
factors relate to the Corporation s pending merger with Middleburg. 

Combining the Corporation and Middleburg
may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than the Corporation expects.  

The success of the merger will depend, in
part, on the Corporation s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses of
the Corporation and Middleburg and to combine the businesses of the Corporation and Middleburg in a manner that permits growth
opportunities and cost savings to be realized without materially disrupting the existing customer relationships of Middleburg or
the Corporation or decreasing revenues due to loss of customers. However, to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings,
the Corporation must successfully combine the businesses of the Corporation and Middleburg. If the Corporation is not able to achieve
these objectives, the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer
to realize than expected. 

The Corporation and Middleburg have operated,
and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. The success of the merger will depend, in part,
on the Corporation s ability to successfully combine the businesses of the Corporation and Middleburg. To realize these anticipated
benefits, after the completion of the merger, the Corporation expects to integrate Middleburg s business into its own. The
integration process in the merger could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each party s ongoing business,
inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that affect adversely either party s ability to maintain
relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger. The loss of key employees could adversely
affect the Corporation s ability to successfully conduct its business in the markets in which Middleburg now operates, which
could have an adverse effect on the Corporation s financial results and the value of its common stock. If the Corporation
experiences difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized, fully or at
all, or may take longer to realize than expected. As with any merger of financial institutions, there also may be disruptions that
cause the Corporation and Middleburg to lose customers or cause customers to withdraw their deposits from Middleburg s or
the Corporation s banking subsidiaries, or other unintended consequences that could have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation s results of operations or financial condition after the merger. These integration matters could have an adverse
effect on each of Middleburg and the Corporation during this transition period and for an undetermined period after consummation
of the merger. 

If the Corporation and Middleburg do not
successfully integrate, the combined company may not realize the expected benefits from the merger.  

Integration in connection with a merger is
sometimes difficult, and there is a risk that integrating the Corporation and Middleburg may take more time and resources than
we expect. The Corporation s ability to integrate Middleburg and its future success depend in large part on the ability of
members of its board of directors and executive officers to work together effectively. After the merger, the Corporation will be
governed by a board of directors comprised of 13 directors, of which 7 are current directors of the Corporation and the following
six currently-serving Middleburg directors: John C. Lee, IV, Childs F. Burden, Gary D. LeClair, Mary Leigh McDaniel, Janet A. Neuharth,
and Gary R. Shook. One of the eight such Middleburg directors, John C. Lee, IV, current chairman of Middleburg s board of
directors, will serve as chairman of the Corporation s board of directors; Michael G. Anzilotti, the current chairman of
the Corporation s board, will serve as vice chairman of the Corporation s board; and the Executive Committee of the
Corporation s Board of Directors shall be Mr. Anzilotti, Martin S. Friedman, Michael W. Clarke, Mr. Lee, IV, and Mr. Shook.
The executive officers of the Corporation will continue serving in their current positions as executive officers of the Corporation
after the merger, and Mr. Shook and Jeffrey H. Culver will also serve as executive officers of the Corporation after the merger
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Middleburg Investment Group and Chairman of Middleburg Trust Company, and as Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, respectively. Disagreements among board members and executive management could arise
in connection with integration issues, strategic considerations and other matters. As a result, there is a risk that the Corporation s
board of directors and executive officers may not be able to operate effectively, which would affect adversely the Corporation s
ability to integrate the operations of the Corporation and Middleburg successfully and the Corporation s future operating
results. 

Regulatory approvals may not be received,
may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect
on the surviving corporation following the merger.  

Before the merger may be completed, the Corporation
and Middleburg must obtain approvals from the FRB, the Virginia SCC and the OCC. Other approvals, waivers or consents from regulators
may also be required. These regulators may impose conditions on the completion of the merger or the bank merger or require changes
to the terms of the merger or the bank merger. Although the Corporation and Middleburg do not expect that any such conditions or
changes would be imposed, there can be no assurance that they will not be, and such conditions or changes could have the effect
of delaying or preventing completion of the merger or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the Corporation
allowing the merger, any of which might have an adverse effect on the Corporation following the merger. 

The Corporation may not be able to effectively
integrate the operations of Middleburg Bank into Access National Bank.  

The future operating performance of the Corporation
and Access National Bank will depend, in part, on the success of the merger of Middleburg Bank and Access National Bank. After
the merger of Corporation and Middleburg and at a time to be determined by Corporation, Middleburg Bank will be merged with and
into Access National Bank with Access National Bank surviving. After the merger of Corporation and Middleburg, each director of
Corporation, in addition to Mark Moore, President of Access National Bank, will serve as a director of Access National Bank and
as a director of Middleburg Bank, and executive officers of Access National Bank will continue serving in their current positions
as officers of Access National Bank. After the merger of Corporation and Middleburg, Mr. Shook and Mr. Culver will also serve as
officers of Access National Bank as President of Middleburg Bank, an operating division of Access National Bank, and as Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, respectively, and all executive officers of Access National Bank will serve in substantially
similar positions as officers of Middleburg Bank. The success of the merger of the banks will, in turn, depend on a number of factors,
including Corporation s ability to: (i) integrate the operations and branches of Middleburg Bank and Access National
Bank; (ii) retain the deposits and customers of Middleburg Bank and Access National Bank; (iii) control the incremental
increase in noninterest expense arising from the merger in a manner that enables the combined bank to improve its overall operating
efficiencies; and (iv) retain and integrate the appropriate personnel of Middleburg Bank into the operations of Access National
Bank, as well as reducing overlapping bank personnel. The integration of Middleburg Bank and Access National Bank following the
subsidiary bank merger will require the dedication of the time and resources of the banks  management and may temporarily
distract managements  attention from the day-to-day business of the banks. If Access National Bank is unable to successfully
integrate Middleburg Bank, Access National Bank may not be able to realize expected operating efficiencies and eliminate redundant
costs. 

The merger may distract management of the
Corporation and Middleburg from their other responsibilities.  

The merger could cause the respective management
groups of the Corporation and Middleburg to focus their time and energies on matters related to the transaction that otherwise
would be directed to their business and operations. Any such distraction on the part of either company s management could
affect its ability to service existing business and develop new business and adversely affect the business and earnings of the
Corporation or Middleburg before the merger, or the business and earnings of the Corporation after the merger. 

Termination of the merger agreement could
negatively impact the Corporation or Middleburg.  

If the merger agreement is terminated, the Corporation s
or Middleburg s business may be impacted adversely by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus
of management on the merger, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger. Additionally, if the merger
agreement is terminated, the market price of the Corporation s or Middleburg s common stock could decline to the extent
that the current market prices reflect a market assumption that the merger will be completed. Furthermore, costs relating to the
merger, such as legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed. If the merger
agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including circumstances involving a change in recommendation by the Corporation s
or Middleburg s board of directors, the Corporation or Middleburg may be required to pay to the other party a termination
fee of $9.9 million. 

The merger agreement limits the ability
of the Corporation and Middleburg to pursue alternatives to the merger and might discourage competing offers for a higher price
or premium.  

The merger agreement contains  no-shop  provisions
that, subject to limited exceptions, limit the ability of the Corporation and Middleburg to discuss, facilitate or commit to competing
third-party proposals to acquire all or a significant part of each company. In addition, under certain circumstances, if the merger
agreement is terminated and either the Corporation or Middleburg, subject to certain restrictions, consummates a similar transaction
other than the merger, the party consummating such transaction must pay to the other a termination fee of $9.9 million. These provisions
might discourage a potential competing acquiror that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant percentage of ownership
of the Corporation or Middleburg from considering or proposing the acquisition even if it were prepared to pay consideration, with
respect to Middleburg, with a higher per share market price than that proposed in the merger, and with respect to the Corporation,
with a per share market price that would amount to a premium over the current per share market price of the Corporation. 

The Corporation and Middleburg will be
subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending.  

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger
on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on the Corporation and Middleburg. These uncertainties may impair the Corporation s
and Middleburg s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed, and could cause customers
and others that deal with the Corporation and Middleburg to seek to change existing business relationships with the Corporation
and Middleburg. Retention of certain employees by the Corporation and Middleburg may be challenging while the merger is pending,
as certain employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the Corporation or Middleburg. If key employees depart
because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the Corporation or Middleburg,
the Corporation s or Middleburg s business, or the business of the combined company following the merger, could be
harmed. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, the Corporation and Middleburg have each agreed to operate its business in
the ordinary course prior to closing and refrain from taking certain specified actions until the merger occurs. If the merger is
not completed, the Corporation and Middleburg will have incurred substantial expenses without realizing the expected benefits of
the merger. 

Each the Corporation and Middleburg has incurred
and will incur substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, as well as the costs and expenses of filing, printing and mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and all filing
and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger. If the merger is not completed, the Corporation and Middleburg would
have to incur these expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the merger. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds   

The following table details the Corporation s purchases
of its common stock during the third quarter of 2016 pursuant to a Share Repurchase Program announced on March 20, 2007.
On June 22, 2010 the number of shares authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program was increased from 2,500,000
to 3,500,000. The Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

None. 

Item 5. Other Information   

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit
    No.  
         
      Description   
 
     2.1 
       
     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as October 21, 2016, between Access National Corporation and Middleburg
    Financial Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed October 25, 2016 (file number
    000-49929))  
 
      3.1  
         
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
    of Access National Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed July 18, 2006 (file number
    000-49929))   
 
      3.1.1  
         
      Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated
    Articles of Incorporation of Access National Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to Form 10-Q filed August
    15, 2011 (file number 000-49929))   
 
      3.2  
         
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Access National
    Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed October 24, 2007 (file number 000-49929))   

Certain
    instruments relating to long-term debt as to which the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10%
    of Access National Corporation s total assets have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation
    S-K. The registrant will furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request.

31.1*  
         
      CEO
    Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   
 
      31.2*  
         
      CFO
    Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   
 
      32*  
         
      CEO/CFO
    Certification Pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350)   
 
      101*  
         
      The
    following materials from Access National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
    2016 formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language), filed herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited),
    (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited), (iv)
    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (unaudited), (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited),
    and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited).   
 
      101.INS*  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema   
 
      101.CAL*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   
 
      101.DEF*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE*  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

*
    filed herewith   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Access
    National Corporation   

(Registrant)   

Date:
     November 9, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    Michael W. Clarke   

Michael
    W. Clarke   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
     November 9, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    Margaret M. Taylor   

Margaret
    M. Taylor   

Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial   Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452239_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certifications   

I, Michael W. Clarke, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Access
                                         National Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                                         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
                                         financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
                                         the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
                                         and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                                         caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
                                         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                                         the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                         accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
                                         of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
                                         disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
                                         to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                                         design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

(b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 9, 2016  

/s/
    Michael W. Clarke  

Michael
    W. Clarke   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452239_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certifications   

I, Margaret M. Taylor, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
Access National Corporation; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                                         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
                                         financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
                                         the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
                                         and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                                         caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
                                         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                                         the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                         accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
                                         of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
                                         disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
                                         to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                                         design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

(b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Date:
     November 9, 2016   

/s/
    Margaret M. Taylor  

Margaret
    M. Taylor   

Executive
    Vice President and Chief   

Financial
    Officer   

(Principal
    Financial   Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 v452239_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32   

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350  

  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
the  

  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Access National
Corporation (the  Corporation ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Michael W. Clarke, President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation, and Margaret M. Taylor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, do hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of their knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
                                         15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
                                         all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation.   

It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed
for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

/s/
    Michael W. Clarke  

Michael
    W. Clarke   
 
      President
    and Chief Executive Officer   
 
      (Principal
    Executive Officer)   
 
      November
    9, 2016   

/s/
    Margaret M. Taylor  

Margaret
    M. Taylor   
 
      Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
      (Principal
    Financial   Accounting Officer)   
 
      November
    9, 2016   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ancx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ancx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ancx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ancx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ancx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ancx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

