<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1652106_0001571049-16-019854_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5904269</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88985</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>293312</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1350121</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2777270</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1257882</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>74</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019854.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114161350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019854
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PB Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652106
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37676
		FILM NUMBER:		161994956

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PUTNAM
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			53226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(860) 928-6501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PUTNAM
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			53226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019854.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1600734_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from ______________
to _____________ 

Commission file number                                           001-37676  

PB
    Bancorp, Inc.   
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland  
       
      47-5150586   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
       
     (IRS Employer Identification No.)  

40 Main Street, Putnam, Connecticut  06260   
 
     (Address of principal executive offices)  
 
     (Zip Code)  

(860) 928-6501  
 
     (Issuer s telephone number)  

N/A  
 
     (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

  x 
YES       NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

  x 
YES       NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x      

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)     
YES    x  NO 

As of November 1, 2016, there were 7,880,402
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

PB Bancorp, Inc.   

Table of Contents   

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

PB Bancorp, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

PB Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Net Income 

 (Unaudited) 

(1)  Share and per share amounts related to periods prior to
the date of completion of the Conversion (January 7, 2016) have been restated to give retroactive recognition to the exchange
ratio applied in the Conversion (1.1907 to one). 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

PB Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

 (Unaudited) 

(1)   Reported
in net impairment losses recognized in earnings included in non-interest income on the consolidated statements of net income.
Income tax benefit associated with the reclassification adjustment was $12,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

PB Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 

 (Unaudited) 

(1)  Share and per share amounts related to periods prior to
the date of completion of the Conversion (January 7, 2016) have been restated to give retroactive recognition to the exchage ratio
applied in the Conversion (1.1907 to one). 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

PB Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

PB Bancorp, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   Organization  

PB Bancorp, Inc. (the
 Company ) is a Maryland corporation incorporated on September 9, 2015 to be the successor to PSB Holdings, Inc. upon
completion of the second step mutual-to-stock conversion (the  Conversion ) of Putnam Bancorp, MHC, (the  MHC ),
the top tier mutual holding company of PSB Holdings, Inc. PSB Holdings, Inc. was the former mid-tier holding company for Putnam
Bank (the  Bank ). Prior to completion of the Conversion, approximately 57% of the shares of common stock of PSB Holdings,
Inc. were owned by the MHC. In conjunction with the Conversion, the MHC and PSB Holdings, Inc. merged into the Company and the
Company became its successor under the name PB Bancorp, Inc. The Conversion was completed on January 7, 2016. The Company raised
gross proceeds of $33.7 million by selling a total of 4,215,387 shares of common stock at $8.00 per share in the second step offering.
Also, an additional 317,287 shares were purchased by the Bank s Employee Stock Ownership Plan with the proceeds of a loan
from the Company. Concurrent with the completion of the stock offering, each share of PSB Holdings, Inc. stock owned by public
stockholders (stockholders other than the MHC) was exchanged for 1.1907 shares of Company common stock. A total of 3,347,728 shares
of Company common stock were issued in the exchange. The Conversion was accounted for as a capital raising transaction by entities
under common control. The historical financial results of the MHC are immaterial to the results of the Company and therefore the
net assets of the MHC have been reflected as an increase to stockholders  equity. 

As a result of the
Conversion, all share and per share information has been revised to reflect the 1.1907-to-one exchange ratio. Such revised financial
information presented in this Form 10-Q for periods prior to January 7, 2016 is derived from the consolidated financial statements
of PSB Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

NOTE 2   Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America for interim financial statements and the instructions to Form 10-Q, and accordingly do not include all
of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete
financial statements. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments
necessary, consisting of only normal recurring accruals and the elimination of all significant intercompany accounts, to present
fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the periods presented. The interim results
of operations are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for future periods, including the fiscal year
ending June 30, 2017. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the 2016 consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto included in the PB Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on September 26, 2016. 

NOTE 3   Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The amendments in this Update create Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers,
and supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, including most industry-specific revenue
recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. The core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity recognizes
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Deferral of the Effective Date,  which defers the original effective dates of ASU
2014-09 .  The amendments in Update 2014-09 are now effective for annual reporting periods, including interim periods, beginning
after December 15, 2017. Early application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2016,
including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. We do not expect the application of this guidance to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall, (Subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities . The amendments in this Update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation,
and disclosure of financial instruments. Targeted improvements to generally accepted accounting principles include the requirement
for equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income cost and the elimination of the
requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for
financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the impact to the consolidated
financial statements of adopting this Update. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842),  which supersedes the requirements in Topic 840, Leases. The objective of Topic 842 is to establish the principles
that lessees and lessors shall apply to report useful information to users of financial statements about the amount, timing, and
uncertainty of cash flows arising from a lease. The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and
liabilities that arise from leases. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this Update is permitted for all entities.
Management is currently evaluating the impact to the consolidated financial statements of adopting this Update. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) .   This Update was issued as part
of the FASB s simplification initiative.  The areas for simplification in this Update involve several aspects of the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  In addition, amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic
718 that was indefinitely deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment. 
The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period.  Management is currently
evaluating the impact to the consolidated financial statements of adopting this Update. 

In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326),  which requires entities to
measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.  Entities will now use forward-looking information to better form
their credit loss estimates.  The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial statement users better
understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and
underwriting standards of an entity s portfolio. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early application will be permitted for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  Management is currently
evaluating the impact on the consolidated financial statements of adopting this Update. 

In August 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.
 This Update provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement
of zero-coupon debt instruments or other Debt Instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the
effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the
settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life
insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial Interests in securitization transactions; separately
identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years,
and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect
the application of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Note 4    Critical Accounting Policies  

Critical accounting
policies are those that involve significant judgments and assumptions by management that have, or could have, a material impact
on our income or the carrying value of our assets. Our critical accounting policies are those related to our loans, allowance for
loan losses, realizability of deferred income taxes, valuation of goodwill and the impairment of securities. 

Loans . The Company s
loan portfolio includes residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, commercial and consumer/other segments.
Residential real estate loans include one-to four-family owner-occupied loans, second mortgage loans and equity lines of credit.
Consumer/other loans include personal loans. Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future
or until maturity or pay-off generally are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances adjusted for charge-offs, the
allowance for loan losses, and any deferred fees or costs on originated loans. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal
balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the related
loan yield using the interest method. 

The accrual of interest
on all loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection.
Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual status if collection of
principal or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on non-accrual status
is reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until
qualifying for return to accrual status. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually
due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 

Allowance for Loan
Losses . The allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan
losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan
balance is confirmed. 

The allowance for loan
losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis by management. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that
are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of general, specific and
unallocated components, as further described below. 

General component

The general component
of the allowance for loan losses is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors stratified by the following
loan segments: residential real estate, commercial real estate, construction, commercial and consumer/other. Management uses a
rolling average of historical losses based on a time frame appropriate to capture relevant loss data for each loan segment. This
historical loss factor is adjusted for the following qualitative factors: levels/trends in delinquencies; trends in volume and
terms of loans; concentrations; changes in lending policies and procedures; experience/ability/depth of lending management and
staff; loan rating migration; the effect of other external factors; changes in the value of underlying collateral; changes in the
loan review system and national and local economic trends and conditions. 

The qualitative factors
are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio
segment are as follows: 

Residential real estate
- The Company does not originate loans with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 100% and does not originate subprime loans. Loans
originated with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80% generally require private mortgage insurance. All loans in this segment
are collateralized by owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual
borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, will have an effect on the credit
quality in this segment. 

Commercial real estate
- Loans in this segment are primarily income-producing properties throughout New England. The underlying cash flows generated by
the properties are adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by increased vacancy rates, which in turn, will
have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Management obtains rent rolls annually and continually monitors the cash
flows of these loans. 

Construction  
Loans in this segment include speculative real estate development loans for which payment is derived from sale of the property.
Credit risk is affected by the accuracy of estimated costs to complete the project, cost overruns, time to sell at an adequate
price, and market conditions. 

Commercial  
Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the
cash flows of the business. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer spending, will have an effect on the credit quality
in this segment. 

Consumer/other - Loans in this segment are
generally unsecured and repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. 

Specific component

The specific component
relates to loans that are classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis by either the present value of
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent or foreclosure is probable. An allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value)
of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively
evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer/other and residential real
estate loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are 90 days or more past due or subject to a troubled debt restructuring
( TDR ) agreement. 

A loan is considered
impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled
payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management
in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest
payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.
Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration
all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the
borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 

The Company periodically
may agree to modify the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession is made to a borrower experiencing
financial difficulty, the modification is considered a TDR. All TDRs are classified as impaired. 

Unallocated component

An unallocated component
is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component
of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating
specific and general reserves in the portfolio. 

Goodwill.  The
Company s goodwill was recorded as a result of business acquisitions and combinations. The Company s goodwill (consideration
paid in excess of fair value of acquired net assets) is reviewed at least annually to ensure that there have been no events or
circumstances resulting in an impairment of the recorded amount of excess purchase price. Adverse changes in the economic environment,
operations of the Company or other factors could result in a decline in projected fair values. If the estimated fair value is
less than the carrying amount, a loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to implied fair value. 

Other-Than-Temporary
Impairment of Securities.  Management periodically reviews all investment securities with significant declines in fair value
for potential other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) pursuant to the guidance provided by ASC 320-10, Investments-Debt
and Equity Securities. The guidance addresses the determination as to when an investment is considered impaired, whether the impairment
is other-than-temporary, and the measurement of an impairment loss. It also includes accounting considerations subsequent to the
recognition of other-than-temporary impairment and requires certain disclosures about unrealized losses that have not been recognized
as other-than-temporary impairments. 

Income Taxes. 
The Company recognizes income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are established for the temporary differences between the accounting basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and
liabilities at enacted rates expected to be in effect when the amounts related to such temporary differences are realized or settled.
A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets when, based upon the available evidence including historical and
projected taxable income, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

Management has discussed
the development and selection of these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee. 

NOTE 5   Earnings Per Share (EPS)

Basic earnings per
share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. If rights to dividends on unvested options/awards are non-forfeitable, these unvested awards/options are considered
outstanding in the computation of basic earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could
occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance
of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company. For purposes of computing diluted EPS, the treasury stock method
is used. 

The following information
was used in the computation of EPS on both a basic and diluted basis for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, options to purchase 27,385 shares were outstanding but not included in the computation
of earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, options to purchase 237,075
(2) shares were outstanding but not included in the computation of earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.   

(2)  Share and per share amounts related to periods prior to the date of the completion of the Conversion
(January 7, 2016) have been restated to give retroactive recognition to the exchange ratio applied in the Conversion (1.1907 to
one).   

NOTE 6   Investment Securities  

The carrying value,
estimated fair values, and gross unrealized gains and losses of investment securities by maturity and type are as follows: 

There were no sales
of available-for-sale securities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. Gains and losses on the sales of securities
are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. There were no other-than-temporary
impairment charges on available-for-sale securities realized in income during the three months ended September 30, 2016. There
were other-than-temporary impairment charges on available-for-sale securities of $36,000 realized in income during the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The write-downs included total other-than-temporary impairment losses on non-agency mortgage-back securities
of $242,000, net of $206,000 recognized in other comprehensive income, before taxes. 

The following is a
summary of the estimated fair value and related unrealized losses segregated by category and length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at: 

(1)  Includes other-than-temporary impaired available-for-sale
debt securities in which a portion of the other-than-temporary impairment loss remains in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). 

Management evaluates
securities for OTTI at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. 

At September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016, there were 28 and 26 individual investment securities, respectively, with aggregate depreciation of 3.3% and
4.0%, respectively, from the Company s amortized cost basis. Management has the intent and ability to hold these securities
until cost recovery occurs and considers these declines to be temporary. 

The unrealized losses
on the Company s investment in U.S. Government-sponsored agency bonds and U.S. government-guaranteed and government-sponsored
residential mortgage-backed securities were primarily caused by interest rate fluctuations. These investments are guaranteed or
sponsored by the U.S. government or an agency thereof. Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at
a price less than the par value of the investment. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates
and not to credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that
the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the
Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

The Company s
unrealized losses on investments in corporate bonds and other securities relate to investments in companies within the financial
services sector. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had five investments in corporate single-issuer trust preferred securities
(TRUPs) with a total book value of $6.0 million and total fair value of $5.2 million, all of which were classified as available-for-sale.
The single-issuer trust preferred investments are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment by performing a present value of
cash flows each quarter. None of the issuers have deferred interest payments or announced the intention to defer interest payments.
The Company believes the decline in fair value is related to the spread over three-month LIBOR, on which the quarterly interest
payments are based, as the spread over LIBOR being received is significantly lower than current market spreads. Management concluded
the impairment of these investments was considered temporary and asserts that the Company does not have the intent to sell these
investments and that it is more likely than not it will not have to sell the investments before recovery of their cost bases which
may be at maturity. 

The following table
represents a roll-forward of the amount of credit losses on debt securities for which a portion of other-than-temporary impairment
was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands): 

Three months ended     

September 30,     

2016       
     2015     

(in thousands)     

Balance at beginning of period    
     $  15,982       
     $  15,898     
 
     Credit losses on securities for which other-than-temporary impairment was not previously recorded    
        -       
        -     
 
     Additional credit losses on securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment charge was previously recorded    
        -       
        36     
 
     Reductions for securities sold during the period    
        -       
        -     

Balance at end of period    
     $  15,982       
     $  15,934     

NOTE 7   Loans  

The following table sets forth the composition
of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

(1)  Residential
real estate loans include one-to four-family mortgage loans, second mortgage loans, and home equity lines of credit.  

Credit Quality Information   

The Company utilizes a nine grade internal
loan rating system as follows: 

Loans rated 1 - 5 are considered  pass 
rated loans with low to average risk. 

Loans rated 6 are considered  special
mention.  These loans are starting to show signs of potential weakness and are being closely monitored by management. 

Loans rated 7 are considered  substandard. 
Generally, a loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the
obligors and/or the collateral pledged. There is a distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the weakness
is not corrected. 

Loans rated 8 are considered  doubtful. 
Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that
the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, highly questionable and improbable. 

Loans rated 9 are considered uncollectible
( loss ) and of such little value that their continuance as loans is not warranted. 

On an annual basis, or more often if needed,
the Company formally reviews the ratings on all commercial real estate, construction and commercial loans. Annually, the Company
engages an independent third-party to review a significant portion of loans within these segments. Management uses the results
of these reviews as part of its annual review process. Credit quality for residential real estate and consumer/other loans is determined
by monitoring loan payment history and ongoing communications with the borrower. 

The following table presents the Company s loan classes
by internally assigned grades at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

There were no modifications deemed to be
troubled debt restructures during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

There were no troubled debt restructurings
that subsequently defaulted (defined as 30 or more days past due subsequent to restructuring) within one year of modification during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE 8   Non-performing Assets, Past Due and Impaired
Loans  

The table below sets forth the amounts
and categories of non-performing assets at the dates indicated: 

Management is focused
on working with borrowers and guarantors to resolve non-accrual loans by restructuring or liquidating assets when prudent. Many
of our commercial relationships are secured by development loans, in particular condominiums which have experienced a significant
reduction in demand. The Bank reviews the strength of the guarantors; requires face to face discussions and offers restructuring
suggestions that provide the borrowers with short term relief and exit strategies. The Bank obtains a current appraisal on all
real estate secured loans that are 180 days or more past due if the appraisal on file is older than one year. If the determination
is made that there is the potential for collateral shortfall, an allocated reserve will be assigned to the loan for the expected
deficiency. It is the policy of the Bank to charge off or write down loans or other assets when, in the opinion of the Credit Committee
and Loan Review, the ultimate amount recoverable is less than the carrying value, or the collection of the amount is expected to
be unduly prolonged. The level of non-performing assets is expected to fluctuate in response to changing economic and market conditions,
and the relative sizes of the respective loan portfolios, along with management s degree of success in resolving problem
assets. 

The following table
sets forth information regarding past due loans at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

The following is a summary of information
pertaining to impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

The following is a summary of additional
information pertaining to impaired loans: 

NOTE 9   Allowance for Loan Losses  

An analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

NOTE 10   Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss)   

Accounting principles
generally require that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets
and liabilities are reported as a separate component of the equity section of the consolidated balance sheets, such items are components
of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

The components of accumulated
other comprehensive loss and related tax effects are as follows: 

NOTE 11   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company groups
its assets measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the reliability of the
assumptions used to determine fair value as follows: 

Level 1   Valuations for assets traded
in active exchange markets, such as the New York Stock Exchange. Valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources
for market transactions involving identical assets. 

Level 2   Valuations for assets traded
in less active dealer or broker markets. Valuations are obtained from third party pricing services for identical or comparable
assets. 

Level 3   Valuations for assets that
are derived from other methodologies, including option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, and
not based on market exchange, dealer, or broker traded transactions. Level 3 valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections
in determining the fair value assigned to such assets. 

A financial instrument s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
A description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification
of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. These valuation methodologies were applied to all
of the Company s assets carried at fair value for September 30, 2016. 

The Company s
mortgage-backed securities and other debt securities available-for-sale are generally classified within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy. For these securities, we obtain fair value measurements from independent pricing services, which are not adjusted by
management. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the
U. S. treasury yield curve, trading levels, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the instrument s terms
and conditions. 

Level 3 is for positions
that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or
non-transferability, and such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management s
best estimate is used. Subsequent to inception, management only changes Level 3 inputs and assumptions when corroborated by evidence
such as transactions in similar instruments, completed or pending third-party transactions in the underlying investment or comparable
entities, subsequent rounds of financing, recapitalization and other transactions across the capital structure, offerings in the
equity or debt markets, and changes in financial ratios or cash flows. Level 3 assets consisted of available-for-sale auction-rate
trust preferred securities (ARPs).  The Company had difficulty identifying market prices of comparable instruments for ARPs
due to the inactive market. As a result, the Company modified its methodology for determining the fair value of the ARPs classified
as Level 3, and used the quoted market values of the underlying collateral preferred shares, adjusted for the higher yield (dividend)
earned by the Company through the Class A certificates compared with the nominal rate (dividend) available to a direct owner of
the collateral preferred shares, with the resulting estimated fair value not to exceed par. All dividends are current. The Company
has the ability and intent to hold these securities for the time necessary to collect the expected cash flows. 

The Company s impaired loans and other
real estate owned are reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral.
Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs based upon appraisals of similar properties obtained from a third party and
adjusted by management as needed. 

The Company did not have any transfers of
assets between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following summarizes assets measured at fair value on a
recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

There was no change in level 3 assets measured at fair value
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following summarizes assets measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis and the adjustments to the carrying value at and for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015: 

The amount of loans
represents the carrying value of impaired loans net of related write-downs and valuation allowances for which adjustments are based
on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. The amount of other real estate owned represents the carrying value for
which write-downs are based on the estimated fair value of the property. 

Fair value estimates
are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These
estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire
holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because a market may not readily exist for a significant portion of the Company s
financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic
conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature
and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect the estimates. 

There were no liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring or non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 or June 30, 2016. 

The following methods
and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures of its financial instruments: 

Cash and Cash
Equivalents.   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair values based on the short-term nature of
the assets. 

Investment Securities
Held-to-maturity and FHLBB Stock.   The fair value of securities held-to-maturity is estimated based on quoted market prices,
where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments
or available market evidence. Ownership of Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB ) stock is restricted to member
banks; therefore, the stock is not traded. The estimated fair value of FHLBB stock is equal to its carrying value, which represents
the price at which the FHLBB is obligated to redeem its stock. 

Loans.   For
valuation purposes, the loan portfolio was segregated into its significant categories, which are residential, commercial real estate,
residential construction, commercial and consumer and other loans. These categories were further segregated, where appropriate,
into components based on significant financial characteristics such as type of interest rate (fixed or adjustable). Fair values
were estimated for each component using assumptions developed by management and a valuation model provided by a third party specialist. 

The fair values of
residential, commercial real estate, residential construction, commercial and consumer and other loans were estimated by discounting
the anticipated cash flows from the respective portfolios. Estimates of the timing and amount of these cash flows considered factors
such as future loan prepayments. The discount rates reflected current market rates for loans with similar terms to borrowers of
similar credit quality. The fair value of home equity lines of credit was based on the outstanding loan balances. Fair values for
non-performing loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses or underlying collateral values, where applicable. 

Deposits and
Mortgagors  Escrow.   The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity such as demand deposits, NOW, regular savings,
and money market deposit accounts and mortgagors  escrow accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value
estimates do not include the benefit that results from the generally lower cost of funding provided by the deposit liabilities
compared to the cost of borrowing funds in the market. The fair value estimate of time deposits is based on the discounted value
of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits having similar remaining
maturities. 

Federal Home
Loan Bank Advances.   The fair values of the Company s Federal Home Loan Bank advances are estimated using discounted
cash flow analyses based on the current incremental borrowing rates in the market for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

Securities Sold
Under Agreements to Repurchase.   The Company enters into overnight repurchase agreements with its customers. Since these
agreements are short-term instruments, the fair value of these agreements approximates their recorded balance. The Company also
secures term repurchase agreements through other financial institutions. The fair value of these agreements are determined by discounting
the anticipated future cash payments using rates currently available to the Bank for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. 

Accrued Interest.
  The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Instruments.   The fair value of off-balance-sheet mortgage lending commitments are based on fees currently charged to enter
into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing.
In the case of the commitments discussed in Note 13, the fair value equals the carrying amounts which are not significant. 

Summary of Fair
Values of Financial Instruments.   The estimated fair values, and related carrying amounts, of the Company s financial
instruments are as follows. Certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are exempt from disclosure requirements.
Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented herein do not represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 

The following table presents the carrying
amount and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments, all of which are held or issued for purposes other
than trading, as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

NOTE 12   Subsequent Events   

On October 5, 2016,
the Board of Directors of PB Bancorp, Inc. declared a cash dividend of $0.03 a share for all stockholders of record as of October
19, 2016, which is payable on November 2, 2016. 

NOTE 13   Commitments to Extend
Credit  

The Company is party
to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.
These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit. These commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit
and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The contractual amounts
of outstanding commitments were as follows: 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following analysis
discusses changes in the financial condition at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and results of operations for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited) and the notes thereto, appearing in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report. These financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the 2016 Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in PB Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2016. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. PB Bancorp intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor
provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and is including this
statement for purposes of these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and
describe future plans, strategies and expectations of PB Bancorp, are generally identified by use of the words  believe, 
 expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,  or similar
expressions. PB Bancorp s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain.
Factors which could have a material adverse effect on the operations of PB Bancorp and its subsidiary include, but are not limited
to, changes in: interest rates, general economic conditions, legislation and regulations, real estate values, monetary and fiscal
policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board, the quality and composition
of the loan and investment portfolios, demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, demand for financial services in PB
Bancorp s market area and accounting principles and guidelines. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating
forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Further information concerning PB Bancorp
and its business, including additional factors that could materially affect PB Bancorp financial results, is included in PB Bancorp s
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risk factors included in PB Bancorp s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2016. 

Except as required
by applicable law and regulation, the Company does not undertake   and specifically disclaims any obligation   to publicly
release the results of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Overview  

Our profitability is
highly dependent on our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such
as loans and securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. 

Our net income increased
$17,000, to $423,000, or $0.06 per basic and diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income
of $406,000, or $0.05 per basic and diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was due primarily to an increase
in net interest income of $326,000, or 12.8% to $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.6 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015.  This was partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan loss of $290,000
to $220,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from a credit for loan loss of $70,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The increase primarily reflects the continued growth in the loan portfolio from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016.
Total loans have increased $28.2 million, or 12.3% to $258.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $230.1 million at September 30,
2015. Non-interest income decreased $13,000, or 2.0% to $651,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $664,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total non-interest expense was flat at $2.8 million for each of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

An increase in
interest rates will present us with a challenge in managing our interest rate risk. As a general matter, our interest-bearing
liabilities reprice or mature more quickly than our interest-earning assets, which can result in interest expense increasing
more rapidly than increases in interest income as interest rates increase. Therefore, increases in interest rates may
adversely affect our net interest income, which in turn would likely have an adverse effect on our results of operations. As
described in    Market Risk,  we expect that our net interest income and our net portfolio value would
decrease as a result of an instantaneous increase in interest rates. We use a variety of strategies to help manage interest
rate risk, as described in    Market Risk . 

Unlike larger financial
institutions that are more geographically diversified, our profitability depends primarily on the general economic conditions in
Eastern Connecticut and the Rhode Island and Massachusetts communities adjacent to Windham County, Connecticut. Local economic
conditions have a significant impact on our commercial real estate and construction and consumer loans, the ability of the borrowers
to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. In addition, changes in economic conditions could result
in increased actual losses or increased losses inherent in our loan portfolio, either of which could require us to significantly
increase the level of our provision for loan losses. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016   

Assets  

Total assets were $506.5
million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $3.9 million, or 0.8%, from $502.6 million at June 30, 2016. Cash and cash equivalents
increased $8.9 million, or 171.8%, to $14.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $5.1 million at June 30, 2016. The increase
in cash is expected to be used for scheduled loan fundings during the December 31st quarter. Investments in held-to-maturity securities
decreased $10.0 million, or 7.0%, to $134.3 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $144.3 million at June 30, 2016 and investments
in available-for-sale securities decreased $2.6 million, or 3.7%, to $67.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $70.4 million
at June 30, 2016. Net loans outstanding increased $4.6 million, or 1.8%, to $255.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $251.3 million
at June 30, 2016. The increase in loans was primarily due to a $2.8 million, or 1.5%, increase in residential real estate loans
to $200.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $197.4 million at June 30, 2016. Residential construction loans increased $2.0 million,
or 114.6%, to $3.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $1.8 million at June 30, 2016. With increased loan demand, we have been using
excess cash to fund loan originations instead of investing in securities. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company purchased an additional $2.5 million of Bank-owned life insurance. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The table below indicates
the relationship between the allowance for loan losses, total loans outstanding and non-performing loans at September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016. For additional information, see  Comparison of Operating Results for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   Provision for Loan Losses.  

Liabilities  

Total liabilities increased
$3.5 million, or 0.8%, to $421.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $417.5 million at June 30, 2016. Total deposits increased $2.4
million, or 0.7%, to $358.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $356.1 million at June 30, 2016. We experienced an increase in non-interest-bearing
deposits of $3.0 million, or 4.6% to $68.7 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $65.7 million at June 30, 2016. Interest-bearing
deposits decreased $600,000, or 0.2% to $289.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $290.4 million at June 30, 2016. Total
Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings increased $2.6 million, or 4.8%, to $56.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $53.9 million at
June 30, 2016. Mortgagors  escrow accounts decreased $1.2 million, or 43.7% to $1.5 million at September 30, 2016 compared
to $2.7 million at June 30, 2016. 

Stockholders  Equity  

Total stockholders 
equity increased $376,000, or 0.4% to $85.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $85.1 million at June 30, 2016. Dividends paid during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $236,000. 

Comparison of Operating Results for
the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Net Income  

Net income was $423,000,
or $0.06 per basic and diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $406,000, or $0.05
per basic and diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest and
Dividend Income.   Interest and dividend income increased $307,000, or 9.1% to $3.7 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Specifically, the average balance of interest-earning
assets increased $33.3 million, or 7.5% to $478.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $444.8 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average yield on interest-earning assets increased to 3.06% for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from 3.01% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest income on
loans increased $196,000, or 8.2% to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to an increase in average loans outstanding which was partially offset
by a decrease in yield. The average balance of loans increased $27.1 million, or 11.9% to $254.9 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $227.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The yield on average loans decreased 13 basis
points to 4.01% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.14% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, due to
continued repayments of higher-yielding loans and originating newer loans in a lower interest rate environment. 

Interest income on
investments increased $102,000, or 10.2% to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $999,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to an increase in yield of 21 basis points to 2.06% for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.85% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of investments decreased
$1.1 million, or 0.5% to $213.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $214.2 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015.   

Interest Expense.
  Interest expense decreased by $19,000, or 2.3%, to $803,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $822,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in interest expense was due to a decrease in average interest-bearing
liabilities of $7.9 million, or 2.2% to $350.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $358.3 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities remained unchanged at 0.91% for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Interest expense on
deposits decreased by $23,000, or 4.9%, to $450,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $473,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense on time deposits decreased $20,000, or 5.6%, to $339,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $359,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, due to a decrease in average time deposits of $7.0
million. Our interest expense on deposits has benefited from a shift in higher-rate time deposits to lower-rate non-maturity accounts.
The cost of interest-bearing deposits decreased to 0.61% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.63% for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 reflecting the continued low interest rate environment. 

Interest expense on
borrowings increased by $4,000, or 1.1%, to $353,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $349,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The rate paid on borrowings increased 15 basis points to 2.37% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from 2.22% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Average other borrowed money decreased $4.2 million, or 52.1%,
to $3.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $8.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
This was due to a decrease in certain municipal retail repurchase agreement accounts. Average Federal Home Loan Bank advances increased
$984,000, or 1.8%, to $55.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $54.3 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The average rate on Federal Home Loan Bank advances remained unchanged at 2.53% for both the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Net Interest
Income.   Net interest income increased $326,000, or 12.8%, to $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our interest rate spread increased to 2.15% for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from 2.10% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and our net interest-earning assets increased
$41.2 million, or 47.6%. Our net interest margin increased to 2.40% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.28% for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Provision for
Loan Losses.   The provision for loan losses increased $290,000 to $220,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to a credit for loan loss of $70,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase reflects the continued
growth in the loan portfolio from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. Total loans have increased $28.2 million, or 12.3%
to $258.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $230.1 million at September 30, 2015. 

Non-interest
Income.   Non-interest income decreased $13,000, or 2.0%, to $651,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $664,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to a decrease in gain on sales of other real
estate owned of $86,000, or 75.4% to $28,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $114,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. This was partially offset by a decrease in other-than-temporary write-downs of investment securities
of $36,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Write-downs for the three months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of
credit losses on non-agency mortgage-backed securities. Income from bank-owned life insurance increased $17,000, or 24.6% to $86,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $69,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 as the Company purchased
$2.5 million in additional bank-owned life insurance during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Non-interest
Expense.   Non-interest expense was flat at $2.8 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015. Salaries and employee benefits expense increased by $106,000, or 6.8% to $1.7 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Occupancy and equipment expense decreased by $15,000,
or 4.8%, to $297,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $312,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. All other non-interest expense, consisting primarily of data processing expense, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation deposit
insurance, professional fees and marketing expense decreased by $81,000, or 9.2%, to $799,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from $880,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to decreases in FDIC insurance of
$19,000, other real estate owned expense of $27,000 and write-downs of other real estate owned of $28,000. 

Income Tax Expense .
 Income tax expense decreased by $4,000, or 3.2%, to $121,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $125,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our effective tax rate was 22.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to 23.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, due primarily to an increase in non-taxable bank-owned life insurance
income and certain dividend income. Tax expense is based on a year-to-date basis at a forecasted effective rate. The effective
tax rates differed from the statutory tax rate of 34% primarily due to the dividends-received deduction applicable to certain
securities in our investment portfolio, tax-exempt municipal income and non-taxable bank-owned life insurance income. 

Average Balances and Yields  

The following tables
set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated. No tax-equivalent
yield adjustments were made, as the effect thereof was not material. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual
loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the tables as loans carrying a zero yield.
The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest
income or expense. Yields and costs are annualized. 

The following tables
set forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows
the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable
to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents the sum of the prior columns. For
purposes of these tables, changes attributable to changes in both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated
proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Market Risk, Liquidity
and Capital Resources  

Market Risk  

The majority of our
assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Consequently, our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk ( IRR ).
Our assets, consisting primarily of mortgage loans, have longer maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits
and other borrowings. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to manage IRR and reduce the exposure of our net
interest income ( NII ) to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, our Board of Directors has established an
Asset/Liability Management Committee, which is responsible for evaluating the IRR inherent in our assets and liabilities, for determining
the level of risk that is appropriate given our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives,
and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors. With the assistance of an IRR management
consultant, the committee monitors the level of IRR on a regular basis and generally meets at least on a quarterly basis to review
our asset/liability policies and IRR position. 

We have sought to manage
our IRR in order to minimize the exposure of our earnings and capital to changes in interest rates. As part of our ongoing asset/liability
management, we currently use the following strategies to manage our IRR: (i) using alternative funding sources, such as advances
from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, to  match fund  certain investments and/or loans; (ii) continued emphasis
on increasing core deposits; (iii) offering adjustable rate and shorter-term home equity loans, commercial real estate loans, construction
loans and commercial and industrial loans; (iv) offering a variety of consumer loans, which typically have shorter-terms; and (v)
investing in mortgage-backed securities with variable rates or fixed rates with shorter durations. Shortening the average maturity
of our interest-earning assets by increasing our investments in shorter-term loans and securities, as well as loans and securities
with variable rates of interest, helps to better match the maturities and interest rates of our assets and liabilities, thereby
reducing the exposure of our NII to changes in market interest rates. 

Net interest income
at-risk measures the risk of a decline in earnings due to potential short-term and long- term changes in interest rates. The table
below represents an analysis of our IRR as measured by the estimated changes in NII, resulting from an instantaneous and sustained
parallel shift in the yield curve (+100 and +200 basis points) at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

Net Portfolio Value
Simulation Analysis.  We compute the amounts by which the net present value of our cash flow from assets, liabilities and off-balance
sheet items (the institution s net portfolio value or  NPV ) would change in the event of a range of assumed
changes in market interest rates. Given the current low level of market interest rates, we do not prepare a net portfolio value
calculation for an interest rate decrease of greater than 100 basis points. A basis point equals one-hundredth of one percent,
and 200 basis points equals two percent, an increase in interest rates from 3% to 5% would mean, for example, a 200 basis point
increase in the  Change in Interest Rates  column below. 

The tables below set
forth, at September 30, 2016, the estimated changes in our net portfolio value that would result from the designated instantaneous
changes in the United States Treasury yield curve based on information produced by an external consultant. This data is for Putnam
Bank only and does not include any yield curve changes in the assets of PB Bancorp, Inc. 

(1)  Assumes an instantaneous uniform change in interest rates at all maturities.   

(2)  NPV is the discounted present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance
sheet contracts.   

(3)  Present value of assets represents the discounted present value of incoming cash flows on interest-earning
assets.   

(4)  NPV ratio represents NPV divided by the present value of assets.   

The preceding analyses
do not represent actual forecasts and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. These hypothetical
estimates are based upon numerous assumptions, which are subject to change, including: the nature and timing of interest rate levels
including the yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits,
reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows, and others. Also, as market conditions vary prepayment/refinancing
levels will likely deviate from those assumed, the varying impact of interest rate changes on caps and floors embedded in adjustable
rate loans, early withdrawal of deposits, changes in product preferences, and other internal/external variables. 

Liquidity   

The term liquidity
refers to the ability of the Company and the Bank to meet current and future short-term financial obligations. The Company and
the Bank further define liquidity as the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to fund loan originations, deposit withdrawals
and operating expenses. Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. The Bank s primary
sources of liquidity are deposits, scheduled amortization and prepayments of loan principal and mortgage-related securities, and
Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston borrowings. The Bank can borrow funds from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston based on eligible
collateral of loans and securities. The Bank had Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston borrowings as of September 30, 2016 of $56.5
million, with unused borrowing capacity of $49.6 million. The Bank has an internal limit of wholesale borrowings to total assets
ratio of 30.0%. As of September 30, 2016, the ratio of wholesale borrowings to total assets was 11.4%. 

The Bank s primary
investing activities are the origination of loans and the purchase of investment securities. During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Bank s loan originations net of principal collections were $2.6 million compared to $3.0 million as of September
30, 2015. There were no security purchases during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.6 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Loan purchases were $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $913,000
in loan purchases for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Loan repayments and
maturing investment securities are a relatively predictable source of funds. However, deposit flows, calls of investment securities
and prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities are strongly influenced by interest rates, general and economic conditions
and competition in the marketplace. These factors reduce the predictability of the timing of these sources of funds. Deposit flows
are affected by the level of interest rates, by the interest rates and products offered by competitors and by other factors. The
Bank monitors its liquidity position frequently and anticipates that it will have sufficient funds to meet its current funding
commitments. 

Certificates of deposit
totaled $110.6 million at September 30, 2016. The Bank relies on competitive rates, customer service and long-standing relationships
with customers to retain deposits. Based on the Bank s experience with deposit retention and current retention strategies,
management believes that, although it is not possible to predict with certainty future terms and conditions upon renewal, a significant
portion of such deposits will remain with the Bank. 

In July 2013, federal
banking regulators approved final rules that implement changes to the regulatory capital framework for U.S. banks. The rules set
minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of capital held by community banking institutions. The final rule includes
a new minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5%, raises the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital
to risk-weighted assets from 4% to 6% and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4% for all banking organizations. Additionally,
community banking institutions must contain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount greater
than 2.5% of total risk-weighted assets to avoid being subject to limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus
payments to executive officers. The phase-in period for the rules began for the Bank on January 1, 2015, with full compliance with
all of the final rule s requirements phased in over a multi-year schedule. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Bank exceeded each of the applicable regulatory capital requirements. Due to our asset size, the Company is not subject to
capital requirements. As of September 30, 2016, the most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, categorized
the Bank as  well-capitalized  under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as  well-capitalized 
the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1and Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth
in the in the following table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes would change
our category. The following table shows the Bank s required minimum capital ratios in order to be considered well-capitalized
and the actual capital ratios as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The net proceeds from
the stock offering (See Note 1) have significantly increased our liquidity and capital resources.  Over time, the initial
level of liquidity will be reduced as net proceeds from the stock offering are used for general corporate purposes, including funding
loans.  Our financial condition and results of operations will be enhanced by the net proceeds from the stock offering, which
will increase our net interest-earning assets and net interest income.  However, due to the increase in equity resulting from
the net proceeds raised in the stock offering, as well as other factors associated with the stock offering, our return on equity
will be adversely affected following the stock offering.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In addition to the
normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest
rate, and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers  requests for funding and take the form
of loan commitments, lines of credit, and letters of credit. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we engaged in no off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

See Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of PB Bancorp, Inc. s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
PB Bancorp, Inc. evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this
report, PB Bancorp s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

There has been no change
in PB Bancorp, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting in connection with the quarterly evaluation that occurred
during PB Bancorp, Inc. s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
PB Bancorp, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II.   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings   Not applicable   

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors   Not applicable to smaller reporting companies   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

a) Not applicable 

b) Not
applicable 

c) Not applicable 

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities   Not applicable   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures   Not Applicable   

Item 5.  
      Other Information  - Not Applicable   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits   

Exhibits  

31.1  
       
      Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2  
       
      Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1  
       
      Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   
 
     32.2 
       
      Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   
 
     101 
       
      The following materials from PB Bancorp s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PB BANCORP, INC.   

(Registrant)  

Date:   November 14, 2016  
       
     /s/  Thomas A. Borner  

Thomas A. Borner  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date:   November 14, 2016  
       
     /s/  Robert J. Halloran, Jr.  

Robert J. Halloran, Jr.  

Executive Vice President, Chief  Financial  

Officer and Treasurer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600734_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14  

I, Thomas A. Borner, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PB Bancorp, Inc.; 

2.          Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.          Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.          The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The registrant's
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Date : November 14, 2016  

/s/  Thomas A. Borner 

Thomas A. Borner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600734_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR
240.13a-14  I,   

Robert J. Halloran, Jr., certify that: 

1.          I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PB Bancorp, Inc.; 

2.          Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.          Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.          The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The registrant's
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/  Robert J. Halloran, Jr. 

Robert J. Halloran, Jr.,  
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600734_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of PB Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas A. Borner, President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the report.   

November 14, 2016 

/s/  Thomas A. Borner  

Thomas A. Borner  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1600734_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of PB Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert J. Halloran, Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the report.   

November 14, 2016 

/s/  Robert J. Halloran, Jr.  

Robert J. Halloran, Jr.  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 psbh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 psbh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 psbh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 psbh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 psbh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 psbh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

