<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1036848_0001036848-16-000121_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2302669</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98060</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>151023</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>575975</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>952042</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>482039</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001036848-16-000121.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110145722
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001036848-16-000121
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AEROCENTURY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001036848
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				943263974
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13387
		FILM NUMBER:		161987528

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 CHAPIN AVE STE 310
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503401888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 CHAPIN AVENUE SUITE 310
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AEROMAX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001036848-16-000121.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 acy3q1610q.htm
 AEROCENTURY CORP. REPORT ON FORM 10-Q FOR PERIOD ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 10-Q

(Mark One)

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________

Commission File Number:   001-13387 

AeroCentury Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

94-3263974

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310

Burlingame, California 94010

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(650) 340-1888

(Registrant's Telephone Number Including Area Code)

None

(Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit and post such files).  

Yes        No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one):

Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes        No     

The number of shares of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding a s of November 10, 2016 was 1,566,699 .  

PART I

FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Forward-Looking Statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("the Exchange Act"). All statements in this Report other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of these provisions, including any statements of plans and objectives for future operations and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Statements that include the use of terminology such as "may," "will," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "estimates," "potential," or "continue," or the negative thereof, or other comparable terminology are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include these statements: (i) in Item 1, "Notes to Financial Statements,"  that the Company expects to deliver an off-lease aircraft to a lessee in the fourth quarter of 2016; and that the outcome of any existing or known threatened proceedings, even if determined adversely, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations ;  (ii) in Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Resources," that  the Company believes that it will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates;    that the Company will have adequate cash flow to meet its ongoing operational needs, including any required repayments under the Credit Facility due to borrowing base limitations;   (iii) in Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Outlook," that the Company  continues to expect to observe slow growth in the number of regional aircraft and aircraft engines needed for operation by carriers in nearly all geographic areas; that the Company expects that the customers for two engine leases that expire in 2016 and five aircraft leases that expire in 2017 will choose to return the assets rather than renew the leases; that the Company believes that it will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates; and that available borrowings under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet the Company's continuing obligations and, if the Credit Facility is expanded from its current amount of $150 million to the maximum of $180 million, to fund anticipated acquisitions;   (iv) in Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Factors that May Affect Future Results," that  the Company believes it will continue to be in compliance with all of the covenants under its debt agreements ; that  as competition increases, it has and will likely continue to create upward pressure on acquisition prices for many of the aircraft types that the Company has targeted to buy and, at the same time, create downward pressure on lease rates, resulting in lower margins for the Company and, therefore, fewer acceptable acquisition opportunities for the Company; that the Company will have sufficient cash funds to make any required principal repayment that arises due to any borrowing limitations; that most of the Company's expected growth is outside of North America;  that the overall industry experience of JMC's personnel and its technical resources should permit the Company to effectively manage new aircraft types;   that effective mitigating factors exist against undue compensation-incented risk-taking by JMC;  that the burden and cost of complying with environmental regulatory requirements will fall primarily upon lessees of equipment or the Company as owner of the equipment;  that the costs of complying with environmental regulations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company;  that the Company has sufficient cyber-security measures in place; that the Company's main vulnerability would be interruption to email communication,  internally and with third parties, loss of customer and lease archives, and loss of document sharing between the Company's offices and remote workers ;  and that sufficient replacement mechanisms exist such that there would not be a material adverse financial impact on the Company's business.     These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in such forward-looking statements.  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the factors detailed under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    Factors That May Affect Future Results," including the lack of any unexpected lessee defaults or insolvency; the continued availability of financing for acquisitions under the Credit Facility; the Company's success in finding appropriate assets to acquire with such financing; a deterioration of the market values of aircraft types owned by the Company; an unanticipated surge in interest rates; compliance by the Company's lessees with obligations under their respective leases; no sudden current economic downturn or unanticipated future financial crises; deviations from the assumption that future major maintenance expenses will be relatively evenly spaced over the entire portfolio; large unanticipated maintenance expenses; and future trends and results that cannot be predicted with certainty. The cautionary statements made in this Report should be read as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear herein. All forward-looking statements and risk factors included in this document are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to the Company as of the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or risk factor. You should consult the risk factors listed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item 1.      Financial Statements.

AeroCentury Corp.

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

(Unaudited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

AeroCentury Corp.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations

(Unaudited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

AeroCentury Corp.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid interest totaling $3,211,100 and $3,881,200 respectively.  The Company paid income taxes of $800 during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

AeroCentury Corp.

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)

September 30, 2016

1.   Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

(a)   The Company and Basis of Presentation

AeroCentury Corp., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997, typically acquires used regional aircraft and engines for lease to foreign and domestic regional carriers.  

In August 2016, AeroCentury Corp. formed two wholly-owned subsidiaries, ACY 19002 Limited ("ACY 19002") and ACY 19003 Limited ("ACY 19003") for the purpose of acquiring aircraft using a combination of cash and financing separate from the parent's credit facility.  Financial information for AeroCentury Corp., ACY 19002 and ACY 19003 (collectively, the "Company") is presented on a consolidated basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") for  interim financial information, the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X .   Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  Operating results for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.   All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

For further information, refer to the financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

(b)   Use of Estimates

The Company's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable for making judgments that are not readily apparent from other sources.

The most significant estimates with regard to these financial statements are the residual values and useful lives of the assets, the amount and timing of cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired, accrued maintenance costs, accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts.

(c)   Fair Value Measurements

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs. 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  

The carrying amount of the Company's money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents was $1,547,900 and $1,946,600 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The fair value of the Company's money market funds would be categorized as Level 1 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no liabilities that were required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.

Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  

The Company determines fair value of long-lived assets held and used, such as aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease and assets held for sale, by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., offers to purchase) and other factors. An impairment charge is recorded when the Company believes that the carrying value of an asset will not be recovered through future net cash flows and that the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value.  

Assets held for lease 

The Company recorded no impairment charges on its aircraft held for lease in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The Company recorded an impairment charge of $147,500 on its aircraft held for lease during the nine months ended September 2015.  

Assets held for sale 

The Company recorded no impairment charges on its assets held for sale during the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $321,200 of impairment charges on three aircraft held for sale prior to their sale.

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The Company's financial instruments, other than cash and cash equivalents, consist principally of finance leases receivable, amounts borrowed under its credit facility (the "Credit Facility") and notes payable under special purpose financing.  The fair value of accounts receivable, finance leases receivable, accounts payable and the Company's maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs approximates the carrying value of these financial instruments.

Borrowings under the Company's Credit Facility bear floating rates of interest that reset periodically to a market benchmark rate plus a credit margin.  The Company believes the effective interest rate under the Credit Facility approximates current market rates for such indebtedness at the balance sheet date, and therefore that the outstanding principal and accrued interest of $110,180,000 and $110,435,600 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, approximate their fair values on such dates.  The fair value of the Company's outstanding balance of its Credit Facility would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.

The amounts payable under the Company's special purpose financing are payable through the fourth quarter of 2020 and bear a fixed rate of interest, as described in Note 4(b) to the financial statements.  The outstanding balance of such financing approximates the fair value of such notes at September 30, 2016.  Such fair value would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.

(d)   Finance Leases

The Company currently has five aircraft finance leases that contain lessee purchase options at prices substantially below the assets' estimated residual values at the exercise date for the options.  Consequently, the Company considers the purchase options to be bargain purchase options and has classified the leases as sales-type finance leases for financial accounting purposes.  The Company reports the discounted present value of (i) future minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase option as a finance lease receivable on its balance sheet and accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease over the term of the lease.  For sales-type finance leases, the Company recognizes as a gain or loss the amount equal to (i) the net book value of the aircraft less (ii) the net investment in sales-type finance leases plus any initial direct costs and lease incentives. 

The Company recognized interest earned on finance leases in the amount of $199,800 and $184,000 in the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $571,900 and $275,400 in the nine months ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

(e)   Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which added Subtopic 205-40 to the ASC ("Subtopic 205-40").  Subtopic 205-40 requires management to determine whether substantial doubt exists concerning the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, in which case certain disclosures will be required.  Subtopic 205-40 affects financial statement presentation but not methods of accounting, and is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and each reporting period thereafter, although early adoption is permitted.  The Company has not early adopted Subtopic 205-40 and is evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its financial statements.

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments -- Credit Losses (Topic 326) ("ASU 2016-13") , which will modify accounting for credit losses on most financial assets measured at amortized cost, including net investment in leases.  Unlike current accounting, which delays credit loss recognition until a probable loss is incurred, the new model will use a current expected credit loss ("CECL") model that will estimate future credit losses over the entire term of the financial instrument.  As such, it is generally expected that adoption of the CECL model will result in earlier recognition of credit losses than current GAAP.  The Company will be required to adopt ASU 2016-13 for its yearly and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, although adoption in the preceding year and periods is permitted.  The Company has not yet estimated the impact of adoption of this standard on its financial statements.

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) ("ASU 2016-15") , which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-15 addresses how the following cash transactions are presented:  (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; (6) distributions received from equity method investments; and (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions.  It also addresses how to present cash flows with aspects of multiple classifications.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period.  The Company has not yet estimated the impact of adoption of this standard on its financial statements.

2.   Finance Leases Receivable

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company leased two turboprop aircraft pursuant to sales-type finance leases. One of the aircraft was off lease at June 30, 2016, and one was returned during the third quarter of 2016. The Company recorded related gains totaling $1,166,100.

During the third quarter of 2015, the Company leased a turboprop aircraft, which was off lease at June 30, 2015, pursuant to a finance lease and recorded a gain of $179,000.  The Company also amended and extended the leases for two aircraft that had been subject to operating leases.  As a result of the amendments and extensions, the leases for the two aircraft were deemed to be sales-type finance leases, and the Company recorded gains totaling $916,400.

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the net investment included in sales-type finance leases receivable were as follows:

As of September 30, 2016, future minimum lease payments receivable under sales-type finance leases were as follows:

3.   Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale

(a)   Assets Held for Lease

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease consisted of the following:

In August 2016, the Company purchased two Bombardier CRJ-1000 aircraft on lease to a regional carrier in Europe and assumed the debt related to these aircraft.  Each aircraft is held in a single asset special-purpose subsidiary of the Company, funded by the Company.

In September 2016, the Company purchased two Bombardier CRJ-900 aircraft on lease to a current customer in Europe.

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company used cash of $52,138,000 for acquisition of aircraft and related costs.  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company made deposits and paid acquisition costs totaling $971,100 related to aircraft acquired during the third quarter.  At the time of purchase, the Company received $17,179,300 of maintenance reserves related to two of the aircraft; such reserves are reflected as a deduction in the amount of cash used for purchases and related acquisition costs in the investing activities section of the Company's statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   The Company used no cash for aircraft acquisitions during the third quarter of 2015.

Six of the Company's assets held for lease, comprised of four turboprop aircraft and two engines, were off lease at September 30, 2016, representing 7% of the net book value of the Company's aircraft and engines held for lease.   The Company has a signed lease and deposit for one of the aircraft and expects to deliver it during the fourth quarter of 2016.

As of September 30, 2016, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable operating leases were as follows:  

(b)   Assets Held for Sale

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company sold a spare engine that had been written down to its net sales price at June 30, 2016 and classified as held for sale.  

Assets held for sale at September 30, 2016 included a turboprop aircraft and three turboprop airframes being sold in parts. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company received $38,600 and $19,000 respectively, from the sale of parts belonging to the airframes, which proceeds reduced the airframe's carrying values.  During the third quarter of 2016, with respect to one of those airframes, the Company received in excess of its carrying value and recorded a gain of $2,800.

4.   Notes Payable and Accrued Interest

At  September  30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company's notes payable and accrued interest consisted of the following: 

(a)   Credit facility

The Company's $150 million Credit Facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is secured by all of the Company's assets, including its aircraft and engine portfolio.  The Credit Facility, which expires on May 31, 2019, may be expanded to a maximum of $180 million.  The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

The unused amount of the Credit Facility was $39,900,000 and $39,600,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was 3.93% and 3.80% at  September  30, 2016 and  December  31, 2015, respectively. 

(b)   Special purpose financing

In August 2016, the Company acquired two regional jet aircraft using cash and financing separate from its Credit Facility.  The financing resulted in note obligations of $9,805,600 and $9,804,300, which are being paid from a portion of the rent payments on the related aircraft leases through October 3, 2020 and November 7, 2020, respectively, and which bear interest at the rate of 4.455%.  The borrower under each note obligation is the special purpose entity that owns each aircraft.  The notes are collateralized by the aircraft and are recourse only to the special purpose entity borrower and its aircraft asset, subject to standard exceptions for this type of financing.  Payments due under the notes consist of quarterly principal and interest.  The combined balance of the notes payable and accrued interest on these notes at September 30, 2016 was $18,653,600.  

5.   Contingencies

In the ordinary conduct of the Company's business, the Company is subject to lawsuits, arbitrations and administrative proceedings from time to time. The Company believes that the outcome of any existing or known threatened proceedings, even if determined adversely, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.

6.   Computation of Earnings Per Share

Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows:

Basic earnings per common share is computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per common share are computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, assuming dilution.  Weighted average common shares  outstanding, assuming dilution, include potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares include the assumed exercise of warrants using the treasury stock method.  The warrants were exercised in December 2015 and there is, therefore, no dilutive effect for the quarter or nine months ended September 30, 2016.

7 .   Related Party Transactions

The Company's portfolio of leased aircraft assets is managed and administered under the terms of a management agreement with JetFleet Management Corp. ("JMC"), which is an integrated aircraft management, marketing and financing business and a subsidiary of JetFleet Holding Corp. ("JHC").  Certain officers of the Company are also officers of JHC and JMC and one such officer also holds a significant ownership position in both JHC and the Company. 

Under the management agreement, JMC receives a monthly management fee based on the net asset value of the assets under management.  JMC also receives an acquisition fee for locating assets for the Company.  Acquisition fees are included in the cost basis of the asset purchased.  JMC may receive a remarketing fee in connection with the re-lease or sale of the Company's assets. Remarketing fees are amortized over the applicable lease term or included in the gain or loss on sale.

Fees incurred during the nine months and three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

Item 2.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the unaudited financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this report.

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates

The Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.  In the event that actual results differ from these estimates or the Company adjusts these estimates in future periods, the Company's operating results and financial position could be materially affected.  For a discussion of Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates, refer to Note 1 to the Company's financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

Results of Operations

Quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015

The Company recorded net income of $0.5 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $1.3 million in the same period of 2015.

Operating lease revenue decreased $0.4 million to $6.1 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $6.5 million in the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to: (i) the loss of revenue from an aircraft that was involved in an accident in April 2016 and was declared a total loss, (ii) the loss of revenue from assets that were sold for cash and sold pursuant to sales-type finance leases in 2015, (iii) less revenue for an engine that was on lease during the 2015 period and was returned at lease end during the third quarter of 2016, and (iv) the loss of revenue from an aircraft that was returned prior to lease end, for which the Company ceased recording revenue during the second quarter of 2016.  The effects of these decreases was partially offset by revenue from assets that were purchased during the third quarter of 2016.

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded gains of $1.2 million on the sale of two aircraft pursuant to sales-type finance leases.  During the third quarter of 2015, the Company recorded gains of $1.1 million on the sale of three aircraft pursuant to sales-type finance leases. 

The company's maintenance expense increased by 280% to $0.8 million during the third quarter of 2016 from $0.2 million in the third quarter of 2015, primarily as a result of maintenance performed by the Company on off-lease aircraft to prepare them for sale or re-lease in 2016.

The average net book value of assets held for lease during the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 was approximately $165.0 million and $167.6 million, respectively.  Management fees, which are based on the net book value of the Company's aircraft and engines held for lease and sale as well as finance lease receivable balances, decreased by 11% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.

Average portfolio utilization decreased to approximately 93% during the third quarter of 2016 from approximately 94% during the same period in 2015.   

The Company's interest expense decreased by 8% to $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2015, primarily as a result of a lower average debt balance during the 2016 period, the effect of which was partially offset by a higher average rate in the 2016 period.

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded bad debt expense of $0.6 million related to an aircraft that was returned prior to lease end, for which the Company did not receive the operating lease revenue accrued in prior periods.

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015

The Company recorded net income of $1.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $3.4 million in the same period of 2015.

Operating lease revenue decreased 12% to $17.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $19.3 million in the same period of 2015, primarily due to  (i) the loss of revenue from an aircraft that was involved in an accident during the 2016 period and was declared a total loss, (ii) the loss of revenue from assets that were sold for cash and pursuant to sales-type finance leases in 2015 and (iii) the loss of revenue from an asset that was returned prior to lease end in 2016.  The effect of such decreases was partially offset by revenue from assets that were purchased during the third quarter of 2016 and revenue from assets that were off lease in the 2015 period, but on lease in the 2016 period.  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded gains totaling $1.2 million on the sale of three aircraft pursuant to sales-type finance leases.  The Company also recorded a $2.1 million gain on insurance proceeds related to an aircraft that was involved in an accident in April 2016 and was declared a total loss.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $5.6 million of net gains on asset sales and sales-type finance leases.  

The Company did not record any maintenance reserves revenue in the first nine months of 2016.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded maintenance reserves revenue of $0.6 million when two aircraft were returned. 

Depreciation decreased by 9% during the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, as a result of the net effect of (i) asset purchases during the third quarter of 2016, (ii) sales during late 2015 and during 2016, and (iii) changes in residual value assumptions from year to year.

The average net book value of assets held for lease during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $153.0 million and $176.1 million, respectively.  Management fees, which are based on the net book value of the Company's aircraft and engines held for lease and sale as well as finance lease receivable balances, decreased by 13% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  

Average portfolio utilization increased to approximately 93% during the first nine months of 2016 from approximately 91% during the same period in 2015.   

The Company's interest expense decreased by 22% to $3.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of a lower average debt balance and decreased amortization of debt issuance costs during the 2016 period, the effect of which was partially offset by a higher average rate in the 2016 period.

The Company's maintenance expense decreased by 15% to $2.6 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $3.0 million in the same period of 2015, primarily as a result of a decrease in maintenance performed by the Company on off-lease aircraft to prepare them for sale or re-lease.

The Company's general and administrative expense increased by 32% to $1.3 million from $1.0 million in the first nine months of 2015, primarily as a result of expenses incurred in connection with the return of three aircraft by one of the Company's customers.

During the first nine months of 2016, the Company recorded an impairment provision of $0.2 million for one of its spare engines, based on the net sales value agreed with a buyer during the period.  The engine was sold in July 2016.    The Company also recorded $75,000 of impairment charges on two aircraft that had been held for sale and were sold during the second quarter of 2016.   During the first nine months of 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $0.1 million for one of its turboprop aircraft that was held for lease, based on its appraised value.  

During the first nine months of 2016, the Company recorded bad debt expense of $0.8 million related to an aircraft that was returned prior to lease end during the third quarter and for which the Company did not receive the operating lease revenue accrued in prior periods.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company is currently financing its assets primarily through debt financing and excess cash flows.  

(a)   Credit Facility

The Company has a $150 million Credit Facility, as described in Note 4 to the Company's financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  The Company was in compliance with all covenants at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

Based on its current projections, the Company believes that it will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates.  Although the Company believes that the assumptions it has made in forecasting its compliance with the Credit Facility covenants are reasonable in light of experience, actual results could deviate from such assumptions and there can be no assurance that the Company's beliefs will prove to be correct.  Among the more significant factors that could have an impact on the accuracy of the Company's covenant compliance forecasts are (i) unanticipated decreases in the market value of the Company's assets, or in the rental rates deemed achievable for such assets that cause the Company to record an impairment charge against earnings, (ii) lessee non-compliance with lease obligations, (iii) inability to locate new lessees for returned equipment within a reasonable remarketing period, or at a rent level consistent with projected rates, (iv) inability to locate and acquire a sufficient volume of additional assets at prices that will produce acceptable net returns, (v) increases in interest rates, or (vi) inability to timely dispose of off-lease assets at prices commensurate with their market value. 

Although the Company believes it will continue to be in compliance with all of the Credit Facility covenants, there can be no assurance of such compliance and, in the event of any non-compliance, the Company would need to seek waivers or amendment of applicable covenants from its lenders if such compliance failure is not timely cured.  Any default under the Credit Facility, if not cured in the time permitted under the facility or waived by the lenders, could result in the Company's inability to borrow any further amounts under the Credit Facility, the acceleration of the Company's obligation to repay amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility, or foreclosure upon any or all of the assets of the Company.

(b)   Special purpose financings

In August 2016, the Company acquired two regional jet aircraft using cash and financing separate from its Credit Facility.  The financing resulted in note obligations of $9,805,600 and $9,804,300, which are being paid from a portion of the rent payments on the related aircraft leases through October 3, 2020 and November 7, 2020, respectively, and which bear interest at the rate of 4.455%. The notes are collateralized by the aircraft and are recourse only to the special purpose entity borrower and its aircraft asset, subject to standard exceptions for this type of financing.  Payments due under the notes consist of quarterly principal and interest.

(c)   Cash flow

The Company's primary sources of cash are rent payments due under the Company's operating and finance leases, maintenance reserves, which are billed monthly to lessees based on asset usage, and proceeds from the sale of aircraft and engines. 

The Company's primary uses of cash are for (i) purchase of assets, (ii) maintenance expense and reimbursement to lessees from collected maintenance reserves, (iii) Credit Facility and special purpose financing fees, interest and principal payments, (iv), management fees, (v) professional fees, including legal, accounting and directors fees costs, and (vi) insurance for off-lease aircraft. 

The timing and amount of the Company's payments for maintenance vary, depending on the timing of lessee-performed maintenance that is eligible for reimbursement and the aggregate amount of such claims, and the timing and amount of maintenance incurred in connection with preparation of off-lease assets for re-lease to new customers.  The Company's maintenance payments typically constitute a large portion of its cash needs, and the Company may from time to time borrow additional funds under the Credit Facility to provide funding for such payments. 

Management fees paid by the Company are relatively predictable because they are based on the net asset value of the Company's portfolio and finance lease receivable balances.  As such, they also place the risk of increased costs for employee salaries and benefits, worldwide travel related to the management of the Company's aircraft portfolio, office rent, outside technical experts and other overhead expenses on JMC.  

The amount of interest paid by the Company depends in part on the outstanding balance of its Credit Facility, which carries a floating interest rate as well as an interest rate margin, and is therefore also dependent on changes in prevailing interest rates. 

Management believes that the Company will have adequate cash flow to meet its ongoing operational needs, including any required repayments under the Credit Facility, based upon its estimates of future revenues and expenditures, which include assumptions regarding (i) revenues for assets to be re-leased, (ii) cost and anticipated timing of maintenance to be performed, (iii) required debt payments, (iv) timely use of proceeds of unused debt capacity for additional acquisitions of income producing assets and (v) interest rates.   Although the Company believes that the assumptions it has made in forecasting its cash flow are reasonable in light of experience, actual results could deviate from such assumptions.  As discussed above, in "Liquidity and Capital Resources   (a) Credit Facility," there are a number of factors that may cause actual results to deviate from such forecasts. 

(i)   Operating activities

The Company's cash flow from operations increased by $1.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. As discussed below, the increase in cash flow was primarily a result of increases in payments received for finance lease interest and net security deposits, and decreases in payments for interest, aircraft insurance and management fees.  This positive effect was partially offset by decreases in payments received for maintenance reserves and increases in payments for maintenance and professional fees.

Payments for finance lease interest 

Receipts for finance lease interest increased by $0.3 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in the number of finance leases during the 2016 period.

Payments for security deposits 

Net security deposits received by the Company increased by $1.0 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of lease deposits received for aircraft purchased by the Company during the 2016 period.

Payments for interest 

Payments for interest decreased by $0.7 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of a lower average Credit Facility balance during the 2016 period.

Payment for aircraft insurance 

Although aircraft insurance expense was higher in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, payments for aircraft insurance decreased by $0.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of a difference in the timing of premium payments that are made on a semi-annual basis.

Payments for management fees 

Payments for management fees decreased by $0.9 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of sales of aircraft during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first nine months of 2016, the effect of which was only partially offset by aircraft acquisitions during 2016.

Payments for maintenance reserves 

Receipts for maintenance reserves from lessees decreased by $0.8 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of fewer assets for which the Company collects maintenance reserves in the 2016 period.

Payment for maintenance 

Payments for maintenance increased by $0.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of more maintenance performed to ready aircraft for re-lease or sale in the 2016 period.

Payments for professional fees 

Payments for professional fees increased by $0.6 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of expenses incurred in connection with the return of three aircraft by one of the Company's customers.

(ii)    Investing activities 

During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, the Company received net cash of $6.0 million and $3.5 million, respectively, from the sale of assets.  During the 2016 period, the Company also received $18.9 million of insurance proceeds related to the total loss of an aircraft during the period and for damage to an aircraft in 2015. 

During the first nine months of 2016, the Company used cash of $53.1 million for acquisition of aircraft.  During the first nine months of 2015, the Company used cash of $1.3 million for acquisition costs related to aircraft acquired during the second half of 2014.  

(iii)   Financing activities

The Company made borrowings of $31.3 million and $0 under the Credit Facility during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  In these same periods, the Company repaid $31.6 million and $11.0 million, respectively, of its total outstanding debt under the Credit Facility.  Such repayments were funded by insurance proceeds, excess cash flow and the sale of assets.   During the 2016 period, the Company's special purpose entities borrowed $19.6 million and repaid $1.0 million.

Outlook    

(a)   General 

While in certain areas of the world the air carrier industry is now beginning to experience growth after a period of contraction following the global downturn of recent years, other areas continue to experience slow recovery and failures of weaker air carrier competitors that are unable to survive the aftermath of the global downturn.  The slowdown in the Chinese economy appears to be affecting certain regions and a prolonged downturn could have global financial ramifications and further exacerbate the economies of certain areas in which the Company does business that rely heavily on trade with China.  Overall, the Company continues to expect to observe slow growth in the number of regional aircraft and aircraft engines needed for operation by carriers in nearly all geographic areas, as compared to periods before the global downturn. 

The Company has identified three areas that could challenge the Company's growth and operating results: 

Competition in the Company's market niche has increased significantly as a result of the current low-interest rate environment and new acquisition and leasing market entrants, some of which are funded by investment banks and private equity firms seeking higher yields than those available on assets in which these funds had traditionally invested.  The increased competition has resulted in higher acquisition prices for many of the aircraft types that the Company has targeted to buy and, at the same time, has put downward pressure on lease rates, resulting in lower margins and, therefore, fewer acceptable acquisition opportunities for the Company.  In this context, the recent casualty loss of one of the Company's turboprop aircraft and its significant amount of operating lease revenue will create increased pressure on the Company to find additional assets that meet its acquisition criteria.

Lessees that are located in low- or no-growth areas of the world carry heightened risk of an unanticipated lessee default.  A lessee's default and the unscheduled return of an asset to the Company for remarketing could result not only in reduced operating lease revenue but also in unanticipated, unrecoverable expenses arising from the lessee's default on its maintenance and return condition obligations.  The Company monitors the performance of all of its customers and has noted that several of the Company's customers continue to experience weakened operating results and have not yet achieved financial stability.

The Company could experience a delay in remarketing its assets, as well as lower rental rates for assets that are remarketed.  The Company expects that the customers for two engine leases that expire in 2016 and five aircraft leases that expire in 2017 will choose to return the assets rather than renew the leases.

(b)   Operating Segments

The Company operates in one business segment, the leasing of regional aircraft and engines to foreign and domestic regional airlines, and therefore does not present separate segment information for lines of business.  Because engine leasing is typically characterized by short-term, non-triple net leases, which result in high overall transaction costs, unpredictable off-lease periods and extensive human resource allocation to remarketing, the Company has chosen to own only a few engines that are compatible with its aircraft types.

In addition to five turboprop aircraft that are subject to finance leases, at October 31, 2016, the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines that were on lease or held for lease consisted of the following.  

For the month ended October 31, 2016, approximately 28%, 20%, 14% and 14%   of the Company's operating lease revenue was derived from customers in Slovenia, Spain, the United States and Mozambique, respectively. Operating lease revenue does not include interest income from finance leases.  The table below sets forth geographic information about the Company's operating lease revenue for leased aircraft and aircraft equipment, grouped by domicile of the lessee:

(c)   Remarketing Efforts

The Company is seeking remarketing opportunities for three turboprop aircraft and two engines that are held for lease.  However, the Company may also consider selling some or all of these assets.  The Company is analyzing the amount and timing of maintenance required to remarket the assets, the amount of which may differ significantly if the assets are sold rather than re-leased.

The Company also owns a turboprop aircraft that is held for sale, for which the Company is seeking sales opportunities. 

(d)   Credit Facility

The unused amount of the Credit Facility was $39.9 million as of the date of this filing.  Based on its current projections, the Company believes that it will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates. The Company also believes that available borrowings under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet its continuing obligations and, if the Credit Facility is expanded from its current amount of $150 million to the maximum of $180 million, to fund anticipated acquisitions.  However, there can be no assurance the Company's beliefs will prove to be correct or that the lenders under the Credit Facility will agree to expand the Credit Facility when requested by the Company.  

Factors that May Affect Future Results

Noncompliance with Debt Financial Covenants .  The Company's use of debt as the primary form of acquisition financing subjects the Company to increased risks associated with leverage.  In addition to payment obligations, the Company's debt agreements include financial covenants, including some requiring the Company to have positive earnings, meet minimum net worth standards and be in compliance with certain other financial ratios.  

Although the Company believes it will continue to be in compliance with all of the covenants under its debt agreements, there can be no assurance of such compliance, and in the event of any non-compliance, the Company would need to seek further waivers or amendments of applicable covenants from its lenders if such compliance failure is not timely cured.  Any default under a debt agreement, if not cured in the time permitted or waived by the respective lender, could result in the Company's inability to borrow under the Credit Facility, the acceleration of the Company's debt obligations, or the foreclosure upon any or all of the assets of the Company.

Ownership Risks.   The Company's leases typically are for a period shorter than the entire, anticipated, remaining useful life of the leased assets.  The Company's recovery of its investment in an asset subject to such a lease is dependent upon the Company's ability to profitably re-lease or sell the asset after the expiration of the lease term.  This ability is affected by worldwide economic conditions, general aircraft market conditions, regulatory changes, changes in the supply or cost of aircraft equipment and technological developments that may cause the asset to become obsolete. If the Company is unable to remarket its assets on favorable terms when the leases for such assets expire, the Company's financial condition, cash flow, ability to service debt and results of operations could be adversely affected.   

The Company typically acquires used aircraft equipment.  The market for used aircraft equipment has been cyclical, and generally reflects economic conditions and the strength of the travel and transportation industry.  The demand for and value of many types of used aircraft in the recent past has been depressed by such factors as airline financial difficulties, airline consolidations, the number of new aircraft on order and the number of aircraft coming off lease, as well as introduction of new aircraft models and types that may be more technologically advanced, more fuel efficient and/or less costly to maintain and operate.  Values may also increase or decrease for certain aircraft types that become more or less desirable based on market conditions and changing airline capacity. 

In addition, a successful investment in an asset subject to a lease depends in part upon having the asset returned by the lessee in the condition as required under the lease, which the Company strives to achieve through onsite management during the return process.  Each lease typically obligates a customer to return an asset to the Company in a specified condition, generally in equal or better condition than at delivery to the lessee.  If the lessee were to become insolvent during the term of its lease and the Company had to repossess the asset, it is unlikely that the lessee would have the financial ability to meet these return obligations.  Alternatively, if the lessee filed for bankruptcy and rejected the aircraft lease, the lessee would be required to return the aircraft but would be relieved from further lease obligations, including return conditions specified in the lease.  In either case, it is likely that the Company would be required to expend funds in excess of any maintenance reserves collected to return the asset to a remarketable condition.

Several of the Company's leases do not require payment of monthly maintenance reserves, which serve as the lessee's advance payment for its future repair and maintenance obligations.  If repossession due to lessee default or bankruptcy occurred under such a lease, the Company would be left with the costs of unperformed repair and maintenance under the applicable lease and the Company would likely incur an unanticipated expense in order to re-lease or sell the asset.

Furthermore, the occurrence of unexpected adverse changes that impact the Company's estimates of expected cash flows generated from an asset could result in an asset impairment charge against the Company's earnings. The Company periodically reviews long-term assets for impairment, in particular, when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of an asset is estimated to be not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The Company recorded impairment charges for some of its aircraft in 2015 and 2016, and may be required to  record asset impairment charges in the future as a result of a prolonged weak economic environment, challenging market conditions in the airline industry, events related to particular lessees, assets or asset types or other factors affecting the value of aircraft or engines.

Lessee Credit Risk.  The Company carefully evaluates the credit risk of each customer and attempts to obtain a third party guaranty, letters of credit or other credit enhancements, if it deems them necessary in addition to customary security deposits.  There can be no assurance, however, that such enhancements will be available, or that, if obtained, will fully protect the Company from losses resulting from a lessee default or bankruptcy. 

If a lessee that is a certified U.S. airline were in default under a lease and sought protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code would automatically prevent the Company from exercising any remedies against such lessee for a period of 60 days.  After the 60-day period had passed, the lessee would have to agree to perform the lease obligations and cure any defaults, or the Company would have the right to repossess the equipment.  However, this procedure under the Bankruptcy Code has been subject to significant litigation, and it is possible that the Company's enforcement rights would be further adversely affected by a bankruptcy filing by a defaulting lessee.

Several of the Company's customers have experienced significant financial difficulties, become insolvent, or have been declared or have filed for bankruptcy.  An insolvency or bankruptcy of a customer usually results in a total loss of the receivables from that customer, as well as the Company incurring additional costs in order to repossess and, in some cases, repair the aircraft leased to the customer.  The Company closely monitors the performance of all of its lessees and its risk exposure to any lessee that may be facing financial difficulties, in order to guide decisions with respect to such lessee that would mitigate losses in the event the lessee is unable to meet or rejects its lease obligations.  There can be no assurance that additional customers will not become insolvent or file for bankruptcy or that the Company will be able to mitigate any of the resultant losses.

It is possible that the Company may enter into deferral agreements for overdue lessee obligations. When a customer requests a deferral of lease obligations, the Company evaluates the lessee's financial plan, the likelihood that the lessee can remain a viable carrier, and whether the deferral will be repaid according to the agreed schedule.  The Company may elect to record the deferred rent and reserve payments from the lessee on a cash basis, which could have a material effect on the Company's financial results in the applicable periods.  Deferral agreements with lessees also reduce the Company's borrowing capacity under its Credit Facility.

Competition.   The aircraft leasing industry is highly competitive.  The Company competes with aircraft manufacturers, distributors, airlines and aircraft operators, equipment managers, leasing companies, equipment leasing programs, financial institutions and other parties engaged in leasing, managing or remarketing aircraft, many of which have significantly greater financial resources.  The Company believes that it is competitive because of JMC's expertise and operational efficiency in identifying and obtaining financing for the transaction types desired by regional air carriers.  This market segment, which in many cases involves customers that are private companies without well-established third party credit ratings, is not well served by large financial institutions.  JMC has developed a reputation as a competent global participant in this segment of the market, and the Company believes that JMC's reputation benefits the Company.  Competition in the Company's market niche, however, has increased significantly recently as a result of new entrants to the acquisition and leasing market and consolidation of certain competitors in the Company's niche.  As competition increases, it has and will likely continue to create upward pressure on acquisition prices for many of the aircraft types that the Company has targeted to buy and, at the same time, create downward pressure on lease rates, resulting in lower margins for the Company and, therefore, fewer acceptable acquisition opportunities for the Company.

Risks Related to Regional Air Carriers.   The Company's continued focus on its customer base of regional air carriers subjects the Company to additional risks. Many regional airlines rely heavily or even exclusively on a code-share or other contractual relationship with a major carrier for revenue, and can face financial difficulty or failure if the major carrier terminates the relationship or if the major carrier files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent.   Some regional carriers may depend on contractual arrangements with industrial customers such as mining or oil companies, or franchises from governmental agencies that provide subsidies for operating essential air routes, which may be subject to termination or cancellation on short notice.  Furthermore, many lessees in the regional air carrier market are start-up, low-capital, and/or low-margin operators.

Credit Facility Debt Limitations.  The amount available to be borrowed under the Credit Facility is limited by asset-specific advance rates.  Lease arrearages or off-lease periods for a particular asset that is collateral under the Credit Facility may reduce the loan advance rate permitted with respect to that asset and, therefore, reduce the permitted borrowing under the facility.  Amounts subject to payment deferral agreements also reduce the amount of permitted borrowing.  The Company believes it will have sufficient cash funds to make any required principal repayment that arises due to any such borrowing limitations. 

Availability of Financing.  The Company's continued growth will depend on its ability to continue to obtain capital, either through debt or equity financings. There can be no assurance that the Company will succeed in obtaining capital in the future at terms favorable to the Company.

General Economic Conditions and Lowered Demand for Travel.  The Company's business is dependent upon general economic conditions and the strength of the travel and transportation industry.  In certain geographic regions, the industry is continuing to experience financial difficulty due to the slow recovery in the global economy.  The spread of a disease epidemic, the threat or execution of a terrorist attack against aviation, a worsening financial/bank crisis in Europe, severe economic repercussions in Europe as a result of "Brexit," a natural event that interrupts air traffic, military conflict, political crises or other events that cause a prolonged spike in fuel prices, or other like events could exacerbate an already weakened condition and lead to widespread failures in the air carrier industry.  Any ripple effects from the slowdown in China could further exacerbate the economies of certain areas in which the Company does business.  If lessees experience financial difficulties and are unable to meet lease obligations, this will, in turn, negatively affect the Company's financial performance.  

Airline reductions in capacity in response to lower passenger loads have resulted in reduced demand for aircraft and aircraft engines and a corresponding decrease in market lease rental rates and aircraft values for many aircraft types.  This reduced market value could affect the Company's results if the market value of an asset or assets in the Company's portfolio falls below carrying value, and the Company determines that a write-down of the value on its balance sheet is appropriate. Furthermore, if older, expiring leases are replaced with leases at decreased lease rates, the lease revenue from the Company's existing portfolio is likely to decline, with the magnitude of the decline dependent on the length of the downturn and the depth of the decline in market rents.  

Economic downturns can affect certain regions of the world more than others.  As the Company's portfolio is not entirely globally diversified, a localized downturn in one of the key regions in which the Company leases assets could have a significant adverse impact on the Company.  The Company's significant sources of operating lease revenue by region are summarized in " Outlook - Operating Segments ," above.

International Risks .  The Company leases assets in overseas markets.  Leases with foreign lessees, however, may present different risks than those with domestic lessees.  Most of the Company's expected growth is outside of North America.

A lease with a foreign lessee is subject to risks related to the economy of the country or region in which such lessee is located, which may be weaker than the U.S. economy.  An economic downturn in a particular country or region may impact a foreign lessee's ability to make lease payments, even if the U.S. and other foreign economies remain stable.

Foreign lessees are subject to risks related to currency conversion fluctuations.  Although the Company's current leases are all payable in U.S. dollars, the Company may agree in the future to leases that permit payment in foreign currency, which would subject such lease revenue to monetary risk due to currency fluctuations.  In addition, if the Company undertakes certain obligations under a lease to contribute to a repair or improvement and if the work is performed in a foreign jurisdiction and paid for in foreign currency, currency fluctuations resulting in a weaker dollar between the time such agreement is made and the time payment for the work is made may result in an unanticipated increase in U.S. dollar-denominated cost for the Company.

Even with U.S. dollar-denominated lease payment provisions, the Company could still be affected by a devaluation of the lessee's local currency and a stronger U.S. dollar that would make it more difficult for a lessee to meet its U.S. dollar-denominated payments, increasing the risk of default of that lessee, particularly if its revenue is primarily derived in the local currency.   

Foreign lessees that operate internationally may also face restrictions on repatriating foreign revenue to their home country.  This could create a cash flow crisis for an otherwise profitable carrier, affecting its ability to meet its lease obligations.  Foreign lessees may also face restrictions on payment of obligations to foreign vendors, including the Company, which may affect their ability to timely meet lease obligations to the Company.

Foreign lessees are not subject to U.S. bankruptcy laws, although there may be debtor protection similar to U.S. bankruptcy laws available in some jurisdictions.  Certain countries do not have a central registration or recording system with which to locally establish the Company's interest in equipment and related leases.  This could make it more difficult for the Company to recover an aircraft in the event of a default by a foreign lessee.  In any event, collection and enforcement may be more difficult and complicated in foreign countries.

Finally, ownership of a leased asset operating in a foreign country and/or by a foreign carrier may subject the Company to additional tax liabilities that are not present with aircraft operated in the United States.  Depending on the jurisdiction, laws governing such tax liabilities may be complex, not well formed or not uniformly enforced. In such jurisdictions, the Company may decide to take an uncertain tax position based on the best advice of the local tax experts it engages, which position may be challenged by the taxing authority.  If the taxing authority later assesses a liability, the Company may be required to pay penalties and interest on the assessed amount, which penalties and interest would not give rise to a corresponding foreign tax credit on the Company's U.S. tax return.

Interest Rate Risk.   The Credit Facility carries a floating interest rate based upon short-term interest rate indices. Lease rates typically, but not always, move over time with interest rates, but market demand and numerous other asset-specific factors also affect lease rates. Because the Company's typical lease rates are fixed at lease origination, interest rate changes during the lease term have no effect on existing lease rental payments.  Therefore, if interest rates rise significantly and there is relatively little lease origination by the Company following such rate increases, the Company could experience decreased net income as additional interest expense outpaces revenue growth.  Further, even if significant lease origination occurs following such rate increases, other contemporaneous aircraft market forces may result in lower or flat rental rates, thereby decreasing net income. 

Concentration of Lessees and Aircraft Type.  For the month ended October 31, 2016, the Company's four largest customers accounted for a total of approximately 76% of the Company's monthly lease revenue.  A lease default by or collection problem with one or a combination of any of these significant   customers could have a disproportionate negative impact on the Company's financial results and borrowing base under the Credit Facility, and, therefore, the Company's operating results are especially sensitive to any negative developments with respect to these customers in terms of lease compliance or collection.  In addition, if the Company's revenues become overly concentrated in a small number of lessees, the Company could fail to comply with certain financial covenants in its Credit Facility related to customer concentration.  In the event of any non-compliance that is not cured in the time permitted under the Credit Facility, the Company would need to seek waivers or amendment of the applicable covenants from its lenders if such compliance failure is not timely cured.  Any default under the Credit Facility, if not cured in the time permitted under the Credit Facility or waived by the lenders, could result in foreclosure upon any or all of the assets of the Company. 

The Company's aircraft portfolio is currently focused on a small number of aircraft types and models compared to the variety of aircraft used in the commercial air carrier market.  A change in the desirability and availability of any of the particular types and models of aircraft owned by the Company could affect valuations of such aircraft, and would have a disproportionately significant impact on the Company's portfolio value. Such aircraft type concentration would diminish if the Company acquires assets of other types. Conversely, acquisition of these types of aircraft will increase the Company's risks related to its concentration of those aircraft types.

Investment in New Aircraft Types.   The Company intends to continue to focus solely on regional aircraft .  Although the Company has traditionally invested in a limited number of types of turboprop aircraft, the Company has also acquired several types of regional jet aircraft, and may  continue to seek acquisition opportunities for new types and models of aircraft used in the Company's targeted customer base of regional air carriers. Acquisition of aircraft types not previously acquired by the Company entails greater ownership risk due to the Company's lack of experience managing those assets. The Company believes, however, that the overall industry expertise of JMC's personnel and its technical resources should permit the Company to effectively manage such new aircraft types.  Further, the broadening of the asset types in the aircraft portfolio may have a benefit of diversifying the Company's portfolio (see "  Factors That May Affect Future Results   Concentration of Lessees and Aircraft Type  ," above). 

Engine Leasing Risk.   Because engine leasing, absent a long-term triple net lease, is viewed as inherently riskier than aircraft leasing, the Company does not focus on this segment. The Company, however, currently has four engines in its portfolio, making up 4% of the Company's total net book value of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease. The Company may from time to time lease one or more of these engines to lessees under industry standard short-term engine leases that place the risk of an engine failure not caused by lessee negligence or foreign object damage upon the lessor.  It is not economically practicable for an engine lessor to insure against that risk.  If an engine failure occurs and is not covered by a manufacturer's warranty or is not otherwise caused by circumstances that the lessee is required to cover, the Company's investment in the engine could be a significant loss or the Company might incur a significant maintenance expense.

Reliance on JMC.   All management of the Company is performed by JMC under a Management Agreement between the Company and JMC that expires in August of 2025 and provides for an asset-based management fee.  JMC is not a fiduciary of the Company or its stockholders. The Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") has ultimate control and supervisory responsibility over all aspects of the Company and owes fiduciary duties to the Company and its stockholders. The Board has no control over the internal operations of JMC, but the Board does have the ability and responsibility to manage the Company's relationship with JMC and the performance of JMC's obligations to the Company under the Management Agreement, as it would have for any third party service provider to the Company.  While JMC may not owe any fiduciary duties to the Company by virtue of the Management Agreement, all of the officers of JMC are also officers of the Company, and in that capacity owe fiduciary duties to the Company and its stockholders.  In addition, an officer of the Company holds significant ownership positions in the Company and JHC, the parent company of JMC, and JHC is the Company's largest shareholder.     Therefore, the economic interests of the Company should be aligned with the interests of JHC and JMC, and JMC should have substantial incentive to make financial decisions as the management company for the Company that are in the best interests of the Company.

The Management Agreement may be terminated if JMC defaults on its obligations to the Company.  However, the agreement provides for liquidated damages in the event of its wrongful termination by the Company.  A director of the Company is also a director of JMC and, as discussed above, the officers of the Company are also officers of JMC, and one such officer holds significant ownership positions in both the Company and JHC, the holding company for JMC.  Consequently, the director and officers of JMC may have a conflict of interest in the event of a dispute between the Company and JMC.  Although the Company has taken steps to prevent conflicts of interest arising from such dual roles, such conflicts may still occur.

Management Fee Structure.  All decisions regarding acquisitions and disposal of aircraft from the Company's portfolio are made by JMC.  JMC is paid a management fee based on the net asset value of the Company's portfolio.  It may also receive a one-time asset acquisition fee upon purchase of an asset by the Company, and a one-time remarketing fee in connection with the sale or re-lease of an asset.  Optimization of the results of the Company depends on timing of the acquisition, lease yield on the acquired assets, and re-lease or sale of its portfolio assets.  Under the current management fee structure, a larger volume of acquisitions generates acquisition fees and also increases the periodic management fee by increasing the size of the aircraft portfolio.  Since the Company's current business strategy involves continued growth of its portfolio, with the intention to buy and hold assets until the appropriate time to sell them, a compensation structure that results in greater compensation with an increased portfolio size is consistent with that strategy.  The compensation structure does, nonetheless, create a situation where a decision by JMC for the Company to forego an asset transaction deemed to be an unacceptable business risk due to the lessee or the aircraft type is in conflict with JMC's own short-term pecuniary interest.  As a result, the compensation structure could act to incent greater risk-taking by JMC in asset acquisition decision-making.  However, because JMC's sole business and source of revenue arises from and is expected to continue arising from acting as the management company for the Company, the long-term financial health and viability of the Company are important to JMC's own long-term health and viability.  Therefore, in assessing risk-taking in the Company's acquisition transactions, JMC's and the Company's motivations are closely aligned, as JMC is incented to make asset acquisitions that are expected to contribute to the long-term viability of the Company.  In addition, the Company has established objective target guidelines for yields on acquired assets and the Company's Board, including a majority of the outside independent directors, must approve any acquisition that involves a new asset type.  While the Company currently believes the foregoing are effective mitigating factors against undue compensation-incented risk-taking by JMC, there is no assurance that such mechanisms can entirely and effectively eliminate such risk.

Government Regulation.   There are a number of areas in which government regulation may result in costs to the Company.  These include aircraft registration safety requirements, required equipment modifications, maximum aircraft age, and aircraft noise requirements.  Although it is contemplated that the burden and cost of complying with such requirements will fall primarily upon lessees of equipment, there can be no assurance that the cost will not fall on the Company.  Furthermore, future government regulations could cause the value of any non-complying equipment owned by the Company to decline substantially. 

Casualties, Insurance Coverage .  The Company, as owner of transportation equipment, may be named in a suit claiming damages for injuries or damage to property caused by its assets.  As a triple-net lessor, the Company is generally protected against such claims, since the lessee would be responsible for, insure against and indemnify the Company for such claims.  A "triple net lease" is a lease under which, in addition to monthly rental payments, the lessee is generally responsible for the taxes, insurance and maintenance and repair of the aircraft arising from the use and operation of the aircraft during the term of the lease.  Although the United States Aviation Act may provide some protection with respect to the Company's aircraft assets, it is unclear to what extent such statutory protection would be available to the Company with respect to its assets that are operated in foreign countries where such provisions of the United States Aviation Act may not apply.   

The Company's leases generally require a lessee to insure against likely risks of loss or damage to the leased asset, and liability to passengers and third parties pursuant to industry standard insurance policies and require lessees to provide insurance certificates documenting the policy periods and coverage amounts.  The Company tracks receipt of the certificates and calendars their expiration dates.  Prior to the expiration of an insurance certificate, if a replacement certificate has not been received, the Company reminds the lessee of its obligation to provide current insurance certificates to avoid a default under the lease.

Despite these requirements and procedures, there may be certain cases where the loss is not entirely covered by the lessee or its insurance.  The possibility of such an event is remote, but any such uninsured loss with respect to the equipment or insured loss for which insurance proceeds are inadequate might result in a loss of invested capital in and any profits anticipated from, such equipment, as well as a potential claim directly against the Company. 

Compliance with Future Environmental Regulations.   Compliance with future environmental regulations   may harm the Company's business. Many aspects of aircraft operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental regulations, and growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition by the U.S and foreign governments of additional regulation of carbon emissions, aimed at either requiring adoption of technology to reduce the amount of carbon emissions or putting in place a fee or tax system on carbon emitters. It is likely that any such regulation will be directed at the Company's customers, as operators of aircraft, or at the Company, as owners of aircraft.  Under the Company's triple-net lease arrangements, the Company would likely shift responsibility for compliance to its lessees, but there might be some costs of regulation that the Company could not shift and would itself have to bear. Although it is not expected that the costs of complying with current environmental regulations will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, no assurance can be given that the costs of complying with environmental regulations adopted in the future will not have such an effect.

Cyber-Security Risks.   The Company believes that it has sufficient cyber-security measures in place commensurate with the risks to the Company of a successful cyber-attack or breach of security.  The Company believes that its main vulnerability to a cyber-attack would be interruption of the Company's email communications internally and with third parties, loss of customer and lease archives, and loss of document sharing between the Company's offices and remote workers.  Such an attack could temporarily impede the efficiency of the Company's operations; however, the Company believes that sufficient replacement mechanisms exist in the event of such an interruption that there would not be a material adverse financial impact on the Company's business.  

Possible Volatility of Stock Price .  The market price of the Company's common stock is subject to fluctuations following developments relating to the Company's operating results, changes in general conditions in the economy, the financial markets, the airline industry, changes in accounting principles or tax laws applicable to the Company or its lessees, or other developments affecting the Company, its customers or its competitors, or arising from other investor sentiment unknown to the Company.  Because the Company has a relatively small capitalization of approximately 1.6 million shares outstanding, there is a correspondingly limited amount of trading and float of the Company's shares.  Consequently, the Company's stock price is more sensitive to a single large trade or a small number of simultaneous trades along the same trend than a company with larger capitalization and higher trading volume and float. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

This report does not include information described under Item 305 of Regulation S-K pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit "smaller reporting companies" to omit such information.

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures.

CEO and CFO Certifications.  Attached as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the "Report") are certifications of the Company's Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO") and the Company's Chief Financial Officer  (the "CFO"), which are required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Section 302 Certifications"). This section of the Report includes information concerning the evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 

Evaluation of the Company's Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  Disclosure controls and procedures ("Disclosure Controls") are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company's management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's Disclosure Controls and concluded that the Company's Disclosure Controls were effective as of  September  30, 2016.  

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  .  No change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended  September 30 , 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II

OTHER INFORMATION

Item 6.   Exhibits

Exhibit   
  Number 

Description

10.31

Aircraft Sale and Purchase Agreement, between the Company and GOAL Verwaltungsgesellschaft MbH   Co. Projekt Nr. 32KG, dated September 15, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 21, 2016

10.32

Aircraft Sale and Purchase Agreement, between AeroCentury Corp. and GOAL Verwaltungsgesellschaft MbH   Co. Projekt Nr. 33KG, dated September 15, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 21, 2016

31.1

Certification of Michael G. Magnusson, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2

Certification of Toni M. Perazzo, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1*

Certification of Michael G. Magnusson, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2*

Certification of Toni M. Perazzo, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Schema Document

101.CAL

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document

101.LAB

XBRL Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

XBRL Definition Linkbase Document

* These certificates are furnished to, but shall not be deemed to be filed with, the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

AEROCENTURY CORP.

Date: November 10, 2016

By: 

/s/ Toni M. Perazzo

Name: Toni M. Perazzo

Title: Senior Vice President-Finance and

Chief Financial Officer

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh311magnusson.htm
 SECTION 302 CERT MAGNUSSON

EXHIBIT 31.1

I, Michael G. Magnusson, certify that:

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AeroCentury Corp.;

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 10, 2016

/s/ Michael G. Magnusson   

Michael G. Magnusson

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 perazzo312cert.htm
 PERAZZO SECTION 302 CERT

EXHIBIT 31.2

I, Toni M. Perazzo, certify that:

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AeroCentury Corp.;

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 10, 2016

/s/ Toni M. Perazzo   

Toni M. Perazzo

Sr. Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh321magnusson906cert.htm
 MAGNUSSON SECTION 906 CERT

EXHIBIT 32.1

AEROCENTURY CORP.

CERTIFICATION

In connection with this quarterly report of AeroCentury Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Michael G. Magnusson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, "filed" with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Date: November 10, 2016

/s/ Michael G. Magnusson 

Michael G. Magnusson

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ehx322perazzo906cert.htm
 PERAZZO SECTION 906 CERT

EXHIBIT 32.2

AEROCENTURY CORP.

CERTIFICATION

In connection with this quarterly report of AeroCentury Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Toni M. Perazzo, Sr. V.P. Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, "filed" with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Date: November 10, 2016

/s/ Toni M. Perazzo

Toni M. Perazzo

Sr. Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 acy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 acy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 acy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 acy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 acy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 acy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE

</EX-101.INS>

